some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free  theres no good answer to that one .
have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhangs forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenbergs the prince of egypt from 1998 .
as a featurelength film  it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap  it would have benefitted the dialogue .
theres a heavy stench of been there  done that hanging over the film  its everything youd expect  but nothing more .
was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
nicolas cage isnt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and this movie wont create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters  the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor  ethnic slurs .
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
could as easily have been called  under siege 3  in alcatraz   a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
if you recognize zeus  the dog from snatch  it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
one long  numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
egoyans work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
a darkaspitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality  probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu .
not only is it hokey  manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
all the wellmeaningness in the world cant erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12step program for the jewish nazi .
for a film about two mismatched buddies  crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is  he fails .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event thats far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what s wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
i think it was plato who said   i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
manages to be somewhat wellacted  not badly artdirected and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling  touching or  yikes  uproarious .
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
from mtv schmucks who do nt know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless specialeffects excess .
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention  but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo nt seem like such a bore .
ninety minutes of viva castro  can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life  his fictional yvans neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
it s so badly made on every level that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play  even at its best  it will never hold a candle to the original .
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
the three leads produce adequate performances  but whats missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writerdirector kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
if you saw it on tv  you d probably turn it off  convinced that you had already seen that movie .
screenwriter pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
suspend your disbelief here and now  or you ll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom  bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laserbeam eyes  which unfortunately dont enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
that frenetic spectacle lrb on the tv show rrb has usually been leavened by a charm that s conspicuously missing from the girls  bigscreen blowout .
s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
the film doesnt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
though jackson does nt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape .
analyze that  is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
lisa rinzlers cinematography may be lovely  but love lizas tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
in exactly 89 minutes  most of which passed as slowly as if id been sitting naked on an igloo  formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
i do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
its pushthelimits teen comedy  the type written by people who cant come up with legitimate funny  and its used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters    margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
these people wouldnt know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
pottymouthed enough for pg13  yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where youve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wont see the next six .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile  its petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture  but .
gets the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent  but as is  personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
is nt it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout  even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
dialogueheavy and too cerebral for its own good  or  at any rate  too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
unlike his directorial efforts  la femme nikita and the professional  the transporter lacks bessons perspective as a storyteller .
discards the potential for pathological study  exhuming instead  the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety  it dives into soapy bathos .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who havent read the book .
so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
whats missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens deviant behaviour  being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
in trying to be daring and original  it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
cassavetes thinks hes making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all hes done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes  like a marathon runner trying to finish a race  you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank .
even on its own ludicrous terms  the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum  and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
to better understand why this didnt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wont be sitting through this one again    that in itself is commentary enough .
the romance between the leads is nt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform  and the visuals  even erotically frank ones  become dullingly repetitive .
the film    presents classic moralcondundrum drama  what would you have done to survive  the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet .
supposedly based upon real  or at least soberly reported incidents  the film ends with a large human tragedy  alas  getting there is not even half the interest .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity  profanity and violence  labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
its tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series .
bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
a  home alone  film that is staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad it .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
it s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen  loud  violent and mindless .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery  murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great    im not  and then i realized that i just didnt care .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray .
in theory  a middleaged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising  but in practice its something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
pc stability notwithstanding  the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat  fairytale conclusion .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free .
s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
apparently writerdirector attal thought he need only cast himself and his moviestar wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
despite bearing the paramount imprint  its a bargainbasement european pickup  whats hard to understand is why anybody picked it up  wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there .
too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but it s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
there s not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
an appalling ace ventura ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton  if any of them list this credit on their resumes in the future  thatll be much funnier than anything in the film .
if were to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because shes french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because theyre clueless and inept .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the worlds most generic rock star .
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
in a 102minute film  aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time     most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role  she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story  the films more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre  but what about the countless other people whod merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and .
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954  shelved for 48 years  and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
a film that presents an interesting  even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
its not too fast and not too slow  its not too racy and its not too offensive  its not too much of anything .
yes  4ever is harmless in the extreme and itll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes  but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away .
of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenberg s the prince of egypt from 1998 .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a childrens party clown gets violently gangraped  i didnt think so .
are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
like a fish that s lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
it s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
its the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesnt think about percentages all day long .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot  lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macys thanksgiving day parade balloon  extra heavyduty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
…it wasnt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something   ending .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  its really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and .
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
hits every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative  the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devitos early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
im not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxvilles stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy  its sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer s previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
whereas last years exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie  this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
paid in full is so stale  in fact  that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palmas scarface  thats a cheat .
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
what the director can8217  t do is make either of val kilmer8217  s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
does nt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
uses quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
just consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
does little more than play an innocuous game of fillin theblanks with a tragic past .
can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
the good is very  very good    the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters  but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
a gushy episode of  m  a  s  h  only this time from an asian perspective .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed  issues  like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
this kiddieoriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
kung pow is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
nelsons movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised  unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
it s easy to love robin tunney  she s pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces do nt quite fit together .
at one man s occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
lrb seems rrb even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly moneygrubbing than most thirdrate horror sequels .
i can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
like the hanks character  he s a slow study  the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness  but what is missing from it all is a moral  what is the filmmakers point  why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery .
while it s all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch  so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
juliette binoches sand is vivacious  but its hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock s fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
this is not a jackie chan movie  its just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it  and that makes all the difference .
look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck  wait till you see maid in manhattan .
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
off with an inauspicious premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  hes taken one of the worlds most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
the problem is not that its all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes  the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic  parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
like many such biographical melodramas  it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
no amount of nostalgia for carveys glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carveys considerable talents are wasted in it .
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow  enter the fist .
leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
the whole affair  true story or not  feels incredibly hokey  lrb it rrb comes off like a hallmark commercial .
the re enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but .
saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
it s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you dont care who fires the winning shot .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
doesnt come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
slack and uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that youre left with a sour taste in your mouth .
for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit  it would fit chan like a 99 bargainbasement special .
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
despite its dry wit and compassion  the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
bean drops the ball too many times  hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
is that its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
it s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
in this case one man s treasure could prove to be another man s garbage .
the movies plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
i loved looking at this movie  i just didnt care as much for the story .
with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
finally coming down off of miramaxs deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than id care to count .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes .
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever  he has a great cast and a great idea  but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
if i spy were funny  enough  or exciting  enough  then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion its trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
this is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
when science fiction takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasnt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
my reaction in a word  disappointment  his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images  but his latest has nothing going for it .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
ken russell would love this  in one scene  we get a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantinos climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes .
than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that its difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
it all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow  the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
its all very cute  though not terribly funny if youre more than six years old .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming  but most of the movie is the same teenage american roadtrip drek weve seen before  only this time you have to read the fart jokes .
wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
tartakovsky s team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
britney spears  phoniness is nothing compared to the movie s contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art they re struggling to create .
if you re really renting this you re not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices .
ca nt remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise  then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
this directors cut  which adds 51 minutes  takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
highly uneven and inconsistent  margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
as we have come to learn  as many times as we have fingers to count on  jason is a killer who doesnt know the meaning of the word quit   the filmmakers might want to look it up .
when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
a nonbritney person might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where its supposed to feel funny and light .
putting the primitive murderer inside a hightech space station unleashes a pandoras box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadiumseat megaplex .
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
schaefer s  determination to inject farcical raunch  drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that .
a boldly stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
lrb n rrb o matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
the main story  is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear  but one things for sure  it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
children of the century  though well dressed and well made  ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
the story of trouble every day    is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and the movies fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
the directors many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship thats low on both suspense and payoff .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing  which is not to be confused with suspecting  until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
doesnt offer much besides glib soullessness  raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces    that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
lrb swimfan rrb falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie longs firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my longsuffering eyeballs .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film    its not even a tv special youd bother watching past the second commercial break .
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
this peptalk for faith  hope and charity does little to offend  but if saccharine earnestness were a crime  the films producers would be in the clink for life .
as with so many merchandisedtothemax movies of this type  more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
like most sequels  it takes what worked last time  repeats it and adds more characters  more stunts  more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one .
if youve got a house full of tots  dont worry  this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
ive always dreamed of attending cannes  but after seeing this film  its not that big a deal .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7  the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
this movie is maddening  it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
the quiet american is nt a bad film  it s just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
eight legged freaks wont join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
in the end  we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love  chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
the movie is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
feel bad for king  whos honestly trying  and schwartzman  whos shot himself in the foot .
hell is looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isnt even halfway through .
has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon  but showtime s uninspired sendup of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism  but its really nothing more than warmedover cold war paranoia .
the question hanging over the time machine is not  as the main character suggests  what if   but rather  how can you charge money for this .
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
a passable romantic comedy  in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
at its best  its black hawk down with more heart  at its worst  its rambo meetsjohn ford .
butterfingered  is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another  narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse  and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld lrb who is also one of the film s producers rrb do everything he can to look like a good guy .
ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
lrb the film s rrb taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
ultimately  sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
a movie that ca nt get sufficient distance from leroy s delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing  in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick  but none of the sheer lust .
that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle youd expect to see on showtimes red shoe diaries .
any film that doesnt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
earnest but earthbound    a slow  soggy  soporific  visually dank crime melodramacharacter study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  it s the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
anyone not into hightech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally  and log on to something more userfriendly .
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people    manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
ill go out on a limb  it isnt quite one of the worst movies of the year  its just merely very bad .
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
i do nt blame eddie murphy but should nt owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script .
unfortunately  the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
a faster paced family flick  upper teens may get cynical  smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  its insanely violent and very graphic .
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
every time you look  sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
a closetosolid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
reallife strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
imagine  if possible  a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor  and you have some idea of the glum  numb experience of watching o fantasma .
charlize chases kevin with a gun  courtney chases stuart with a cell phone  the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  you re going to feel like you were nt invited to the party .
it briefly flirts with player masochism  but the point of real interest   audience sadism  is evaded completely .
an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed issues like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm wont be an exceedingly memorable one for most people .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john .
the strippeddown approach does give the film a certain timeless quality  but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and hos .
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an .
no cute factor here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boats malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest  the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization  humor or plain old popcorn fun .
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with .
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
based on a david leavitt story  the film shares that writers usual blend of observant cleverness  toofacile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
fails as a dystopian movie  as a retooling of fahrenheit 451  and even as a ripoff of the matrix .
the most opaque  selfindulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
it s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
the parts are better than the whole  bizarre  funny  tragic  like love in new york .
shot perhaps artistically with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin bacaasay  the lowbudget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
for anyone who grew up on disneys 1950 treasure island  or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic  this one feels like an impostor .
part comedy  part drama  the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full  and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas  but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
at a time when we ve learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is  collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couples bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue  all credibility flies out the window .
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
spreads itself too thin  leaving these actors  as well as the members of the commune .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
im not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
the script falls back on too many triedandtrue shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
one ca nt shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hourandahalflong commercial for britney s latest album .
the projects filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
judds characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking mans monster movie .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as theres a little girlongirl action .
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
while easier to sit through than most of jagloms selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  its still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
like a badly edited  91minute trailer lrb and rrb the director ca nt seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon    is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie s lack of ideas .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter  silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking  not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
the movie is so contrived  nonsensical and formulaic that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
an appalling  ace ventura  ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
like shave ice without the topping  this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
i dont think i laughed out loud once  and when youre talking about a slapstick comedy  thats a pretty big problem .
a dull  somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
what begins as a seemingly brainless  bubbly romantic comedy becomes a clichedrenched melodrama by midfilm and  by films end  a feminist action fantasy .
the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of  panic room  is a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
shunji iwai s all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
im not suggesting that you actually see it  unless youre the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the 70s .
lrb screenwriter rrb pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise  only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused  excruciatingly tedious cinema that  half an hour in  starts making water torture seem appealing .
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri  i had to look away  this was god awful .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises .
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time lrb including mine rrb on something very inconsequential .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
s dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap .
it throws quirky characters  odd situations  and offkilter dialogue at us  all as if to say   look at this  this is an interesting movie   but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
the result is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
a movie version of a paintbynumbers picture  we can tell what it is supposed to be  but cant really call it a work of art .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity  presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular  anciently demanding métier .
strained caper movies that s hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s  despite a few whopping shootouts .
comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess  whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit  some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard  particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but .
both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
combining quickcut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time  beck seems to be under the illusion that hes shooting the latest system of a down video .
unfortunately  one hour photo lives down to its title  thanks largely to williams  all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes  the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
it cannot be enjoyed  even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick  primarily because it is dull  yes  dull .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
a combination of standard  stiff tvstyle animation and snazzylooking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal s overweight and out of shape .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk     actually pretty good  of course  by more objective measurements its still quite bad .
s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
sit through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
is that there is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
its been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs woo  it looks like woo s a pow .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
its like every bad idea thats ever gone into an afterschool special compiled in one place  minus those daytime programs slickness and sophistication  and who knew they even had any .
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
the movie obviously seeks to recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules vernes 20  000 leagues under the sea and the george pal version of h  g  wells the time machine   but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
would benigni s italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark  while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition  it has no affect on the kurds  but it wore me down .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden    if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of firered flame tattoos covering his shoulder  however  kilmer seems to be posing  rather than acting  and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
its difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
like most of jagloms films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign .
madonna has made herself over so often now  theres apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jacksons nose .
but this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain .
for all its brilliant touches  dragon loses its fire midway  nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
theres no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer  or for the year  for that matter .
the tugofwar at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances  overheated pathos and long  wistful gazes .
theres a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned  as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate  but generally  its a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
whats needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
while howards appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
like a fish thats lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming  maybe theres a metaphor here  but figuring it out wouldnt make trouble every day any better .
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie .
im guessing the director is a magician  after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
its mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of woos best work .
a weird little movie thats amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l  a  s showbiz and media subcultures  but it doesnt leave you with much .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and michele s spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire  but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
sophisticated viewers who refuse to admit that they dont like it will likely call it challenging to their fellow sophisticates .
consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives .
why spend 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
theres a disturbing great white hope undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
onesided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation     stylistically  the movie is a disaster .
the problem with this film is that its forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot  had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent  we all could have stopped watching long ago .
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather .
s an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
it is very difficult to care about the character  and that is the central flaw of the film .
to call the other side of heaven  appalling  would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
tykwer s surface flash is nt just a poor fit with kieslowski s lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowski s work aspired to  including the condition of art .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
human nature talks the talk  but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
mr  wollter and ms  seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
lrb tries rrb to parody a genre that s already a joke in the united states .
but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
like a mediumgrade network sitcom  mostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist .
is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
its a movie that ends with truckzilla  for cryin out loud  if that doesnt clue you in that somethings horribly wrong  nothing will .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moores the scarlet letter .
s really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
it s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
it gets old quickly  watch barbershop again if youre in need of a cube fixthis isnt worth sitting through .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point  unless its that life stinks  especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
the plot is very clever  but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events  all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
something has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
your taste for jonah  a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
you ll forget about it by monday  though  and if they re old enough to have developed some taste  so will your kids .
s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy thats not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
despite slick production values and director roger michell s ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
white has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
hart s war seems to want to be a character study  but apparently ca nt quite decide which character .
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  thats giving it the old college try .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
this one is a few bits funnier than malles dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such messagemongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
despite its visual virtuosity   naqoyqatsi  is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
the action here is unusually tame  the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest  and the plot offers few surprises .
hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
those 24andunders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
all the small moments and flashbacks dont add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
s hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
barney s ideas about creation and identity do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
this isnt even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism  it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
built on the premise that middleclass arkansas consists of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
wouldnt it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii  um  no  but heres a movie about it anyway .
the trouble is  its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
the romance between the leads isnt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating  but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
bears is bad  not terrible filmmaking bad  but more like  i once had a nightmare like this  and its now coming true bad .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
like schindler s list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle s carpets .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey s glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that doesnt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles .
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
the most remarkable lrb and frustrating rrb thing about world traveler  which opens today in manhattan .
but the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
ritchies treatment of the class reversal is majorly hamfisted  from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in peoples faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
the sheer dumbness of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death  but boyd s film offers little else of consequence .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action .
i never thought i d say this  but i d much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies .
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever  but its certainly not a champion  the big loser is the audience .
the lousy lead performances    keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
halfway through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony  a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
impostor ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
what ensues are much bloodsplattering  mass druginduced bowel evacuations  and nonetoofunny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
never quite transcends jokester status    and the punchline doesnt live up to barrys deadeyed  perfectly chilled delivery .
like so many other allegedly scary movies  it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell its not all new  at least it looks pretty .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone s crazy french grandfather .
s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
nothing about the film  with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley s breasts  is authentic .
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides     the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
its generic villains lack any intrigue lrb other than their funny accents rrb and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
its easy to love robin tunney  shes pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
sheridans take on the authors schoolboy memoir    is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
i cry for i spy  or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintagetv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography  schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
its all gratuitous before long  as if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork isnt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs  and neither do cliches  no matter how inside they are .
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique  which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the highconcept scenario soon proves preposterous  the acting is robotically italicized  and truthinadvertising hounds take note  theres very little hustling on view .
is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s .
to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
the films implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
as violent  profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you ve ever seen .
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
the script boasts some tart tvinsider humor  but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
this films relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmastree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow  a poor  if durable  imitation .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
poorly acted  brainslappingly bad  harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
is on full  irritating display in lrb this rrb meandering and pointless french comingofage import from writerdirector annesophie birot .
schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
neither as scaryfunny as tremors nor dementedfunny as starship troopers  the movie is nt tough to take as long as you ve paid a matinee price .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr  hollands class for the music  or to robin williamss lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor  passion  and verve .
are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion  lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
lrb she s a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who ca nt help herself rrb .
by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
a sugarcoated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures  wouldnt one about their famous dad  author of death in venice  etc   be more valuable .
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie  like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title  many can aspire but none can equal .
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
bogs down badly as we absorb jias moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society  but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
a movie that tries to fuse the two woods but winds up a bollyholly masala mess .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdys sledgehammer sap .
there may have been a good film in  trouble every day   but it is not what is on the screen .
the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for childrens home video  a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment  as long as 3yearolds find it diverting .
time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
like all abstract art  the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way  and  unless prewarned  it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
directors john musker and ron clements  the team behind the little mermaid  have produced sparkling retina candy  but they arent able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
a mess  the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
a punch line without a premise  a joke built entirely from musty memories of halfdimensional characters .
nelsons intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself  its horribly depressing and not very well done .
come away wishing  though  that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast  bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes .
showtimes starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment  those who trek to the plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves  but ticketbuyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr  de niro .
is that it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
i ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal .
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival  the annual riviera spree of flesh  buzz  blab and money .
too hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
it s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone  anywhere could have thought theyd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
the humor isnt as sharp  the effects not as innovative  nor the story as imaginative as in the original  but it could have been worse .
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his characters deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario  too bad .
for its 100 minutes running time  youll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact  and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
ostensibly celebrates middleaged girl power  even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic  dysfunctional and destructive .
its a grab bag of genres that dont add up to a whole lot of sense .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didnt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
try as i may  i cant think of a single good reason to see this movie  even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted  thank you   when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
viewed as a comedy  a romance  a fairy tale  or a drama  theres nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
what s really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffmans brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
a superfluous sequel    plagued by that old familiar feeling of lets get this thing over with  everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days .
draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
egoyan s work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the movie takes itself too seriously and  as a result  it makes for only intermittent fun .
tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneiders performance is so fine  its a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
the film doesnt really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously  it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and .
ms phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
like a grinning jack o lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
it s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
theres undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references  but the fun wears thin  then out  when theres nothing else happening .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety .
like a tonedeaf singer at a benefit concert  john q  is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
if somebody was bored and    decided to make a dull  pretentious version of jesus son  theyd come up with something like bart freundlichs world traveler .
return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
after a while  the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
lrb jackson and bledel rrb seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
bean drops the ball too many times    hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
yet another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a cantmiss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of rivers edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role  he represents bartlebys main overall flaw .
none of this violates the letter of behans book  but missing is its spirit  its ribald  fullthroated humor .
lisa rinzler s cinematography may be lovely  but love liza s tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on  the mothman prophecies .
a pandora s box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
it s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
supposedly  pokemon cant be killed  but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fool s gold .
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
theological matters aside  the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes  twitchy acting  and general boorishness .
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
carente de imaginación  mal dirigida  peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance  es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero .
s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent  indie trick in the book .
s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
episode ii  attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace  mad love looks better than it feels .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g .
a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience  are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and .
does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
it would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature  but in its current incarnation  storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
what s most offensive is nt the waste of a good cast  but the film s denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
we cant accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie  unfortunately  wed prefer a simple misfire .
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
less a movie than an appalling  odoriferous thing    so rotten in almost every single facet of production that youll want to crawl up your own    in embarrassment .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy .
s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition133  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
what with all the blanket statements and dimestore ruminations on vanity  the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom  the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life .
adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
a loud  witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas  and showtime is crammed full of them .
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome  the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics .
in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
festers in just such a dungpile that you d swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film  i dont think so  nothing wrong with performances here  but the whiney characters bugged me .
the only thing to fear about  fear dot com  is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarmans whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then you re in for a painful ride .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes  masturbation jokes  and racist japanese jokes .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95minute commercial for nba properties .
postseptember 11   the sum of all fears  seems more tacky and reprehensible  manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
one regards reign of fire with awe  what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
its clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgms shelf .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate .
the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe making .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea  but the movie that doesnt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
its a film that hinges on its casting  and glover really doesnt fit the part .
like a soft drink thats been sitting open too long  its too much syrup and not enough fizz .
its a thin notion  repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times  either 11 times too many or else too few .
the more kevin costner rests on his prettyboy laurels  the public is  regrettably  going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
oversexed  at times overwrought comedydrama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty  female and single .
sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
all the sensuality  all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been  pardon the pun  sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
rather than real figures  elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïfs encounter with the world .
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
for all its impressive craftsmanship  and despite an overbearing series of thirdact crescendos  lily chouchou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place  where their heads were is anyones guess .
it believes its revealing some great human truths  when  in reality  its churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
its a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it doesnt offer any insights that havent been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid90s .
will anyone who is nt a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has nt gone straight to video .
this is the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly  yet .
the movies major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and its quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations  wheres the movie here .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
what it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise  it would have been better off dead .
the performances are so leaden  michael rymers direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business .
s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
it s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say .
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that its offensive  but that its boring .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
this film is so slick  superficial and trendhoppy  that its easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002  zellwegers whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
i m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
death to smoochy tells a moldyoldie  notnearly asnasty asit thinksitis joke  over and over again .
it all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
its message has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff  stealing harvard cant even do that much  each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up  but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrmans destructive escapism or the graceinrebellion found by his characters .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but its unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonalds  let alone some savvy street activism .
its better suited for the history or biography channel  but theres no arguing the tone of the movie  it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity s greatest shame  reality shows  reality shows for god s sake .
an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling  shamelessly manipulative and contrived  and totally lacking in conviction .
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy  repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop .
resident evil is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
after all  it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm s performance  the film would be a total washout .
it s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles book does not translate well to the screen .
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
i believe silberling had the best intentions here  but he just doesnt have the restraint to fully realize them .
no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender — and i know this because ive seen jackass  the movie .
a guilty pleasure at best  and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
it s loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds  right now  theyre merely signposts marking the slow  lingering death of imagination .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
behan s memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
despite all evidence to the contrary  this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie  the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but there s nothing very attractive about this movie .
s not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
the film contains no good jokes  no good scenes  barely a moment when carveys saturday night livehoned mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes  but be warned  you too may feel time has decided to stand still  or that the battery on your watch has died .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances  but the result is disappointing .
might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
the lousy lead performances  keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
s tough being a black man in america  especially when the man has taken away your car  your workhours and denied you health insurance .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but .
opens as promising as any waradventure film youll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama  better suited for a movie titled  glory  a soldiers story .
says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
what you expect is just what you get  assuming the bar of expectations has nt been raised above sixthgrade height .
i think it was plato who said  i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
a movie thats held captive by mediocrity  not bad  but not all that good  bacon keeps things interesting  but dont go out of your way to pay full price .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere  the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious  its painful .
is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
remains a reactive cipher  when opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie  maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
nohe has made a decent  intro  documentary  but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
i m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amari s film falls short in building the drama of lilia s journey .
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
most fish stories are a little peculiar  but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond  but much of it is good for a laugh  the problem with  xxx  is that its own action isnt very effective .
rymer doesnt trust laughs  and doesnt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
nijinsky says   i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
nothing more or less than an outright bodiceripper  it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
wellnigh unendurable    though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry  it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
the acting is just fine  but there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
the worst kind of independent  the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors .
its just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr  chips off the old block .
you ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey .
despite hoffmans best efforts  wilson remains a silent  lumpish cipher  his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadians inane ramblings  stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr  drew barrymore .
for this sort of thing to work  we need agile performers  but the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
while certainly clever in spots  this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeares macbeth doesnt sustain a high enough level of invention .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged  as if filmed directly from a television monitor  while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and it s a sad  sick sight .
ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
a supernatural mystery that does nt know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
there s no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year s worst cinematic tragedies .
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
a modestly comic  modestly actionoriented world war ii adventure that  in terms of authenticity  is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike  eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
can not guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
mattei so completely loses himself to the films circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr chicken .
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr  but there is nt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
this is sandler running on empty  repeating what he s already done way too often .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass  except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself  ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles  book does not translate well to the screen .
the characters are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence    lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botchjobs  the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday  and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanishamerican war    its so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
most of the problems with the film do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks  scrappy doo and scooby dumb  all wrapped up into one .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for lrb or worth rooting against  for that matter rrb .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others  thanks to the actors  that are quite touching .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so .
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures  and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
in oldfashioned screenwriting parlance  ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
the master of disguise is awful  its pauly shore awful  dont say you werent warned .
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script    that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
after all the big buildup  the payoff for the audience  as well as the characters  is messy  murky  unsatisfying .
a respectable but uninspired thriller thats intelligent and considered in its details  but ultimately weak in its impact .
one problem with the movie  directed by joel schumacher  is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
paxtons uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
take away the controversy  and its not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed chris rock   anthony hopkins and terrorists into some univaclike script machine .
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications    that have no bearing on the story .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was  i would go back and choose to skip it  fortunately  you still have that option .
falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they cant distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion  others create ultimate thrills  men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  its the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is .
attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
alex nohes documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a reallife  bigbudget nc17 version of tank girl .
actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
true to its animatronic roots   as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus   the country bears  should never have been brought out of hibernation .
after collateral damage  you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned  but no .
s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
you can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions  the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift  somebody unwrapped it early  took out all the good stuff  and left behind the crap  literally .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point    is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams writerdirectorproducer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
its drab  its uninteresting  it squanders chans uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events .
in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it doesnt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
the tuxedo wasnt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it  hungryman portions of bad .
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure  it feels more forced than usual .
sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
theres too much falseness to the second half  and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull  ridiculous attempt at hearttugging .
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt .
what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and .
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of eh .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the films creepy  cleancut dahmer  jeremy renner  and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
mending a child s pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
its better than midrange steven seagal  but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benignis pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  theres no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot surprises are really surprising .
it feels like an afterschool special gussied up with some fancy special effects  and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap  any rock pile will do for a set  reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
at times  the movie looks genuinely pretty  your nightmares  on the other hand  will be anything but  not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
a few zingers aside  the writing is indifferent  and jordan brady s direction is prosaic .
its quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentists waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
if youre a wwf fan  or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a  i   youll probably like rollerball .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but i ve got to give it thumbs down .
a very long movie  dull in stretches  with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering  may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
seagals strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this years razzie .
to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
does nt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat  i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
i m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous  but with bears  and a g rating   with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
its really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
come away thinking not only that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
instead of contriving a climactic heros death for the belovedmajor characterwhoshall remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens laser guns actually hit something for once .
its not a film to be taken literally on any level  but its focus always appears questionable .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  im not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt  miss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that doesnt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off .
it wouldnt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabes routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
is still topheavy with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if were looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles  where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble  the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas  but it never manages to put them on the same path .
ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movies presentation  which is way too stagy .
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness  not the man  and the results might drive you crazy .
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
its a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
beware the quirky britcom  they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
it feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then there s always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
it desperately wants to be a wacky  screwball comedy  but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real  she ca nt provide any conflict .
an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
unfortunately  a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes .
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
in the end  tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
taken individually or collectively  the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations  it makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
its a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenixs .
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
for a film about action  ultimate x is the gabbiest giantscreen movie ever  bogging down in a barrage of hype .
none of this socalled satire has any sting to it  as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally  to some extent  warmed up to him .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo  if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
nature  loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now its begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones  but all it amounts to is a mildly funny  sometimes tedious  ultimately insignificant film .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
ice age treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wont win many fans over the age of 12 .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking  one of the best actors  directors and producers around  responsible for some excellent work  but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
if youre not a prepubescent girl  youll be laughing at britney spears moviestarring debut whenever it doesnt have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
the superior plotline is nt quite enough to drag along the dead lrb water rrb weight of the other .
if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer  it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
liman  of swingers and go  makes his bigbudget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long  lowheat chase  interrupted by a middling car chase .
ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film  its far from being this generations animal house .
a morality tale whose thoughtprovoking potential is hampered by a madefortv look  rigid performances and an asinine twist that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crimebusting comic vehicle  a wellintentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor  or did they not have the nerve to speak up .
it s supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
whenever its story isnt bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u  s  satellite  hunter  starring irwin and his american wifecolleague  terri  is a movie children should enjoy .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
alarms for duvalls throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
its so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that its left a few crucial things out  like character development and coherence .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like masterpiece and triumph and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers time with a gobbler like this .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone  you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
some of seagals action pictures are guilty pleasures  but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on autopilot .
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy s holes  and the scripters do nt deserve any oscars .
i d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project realtime roots .
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we ve been watching for decades .
a remake by the numbers  linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
the project s filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
you d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you  this films impressive performances and adept direction arent likely to leave a lasting impression .
is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so  the movie is without intent .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
sitting through the last reel  spoiler alert   is significantly less charming than listening to a fouryearold with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous .
whats really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses  and one academy award winning actor  succumb to appearing in this junk thats tv sitcom material at best .
s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
rambles on in a disjointed  substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material  but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone    that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the storys core .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can outbadact the other   kirshner wins  but its close .
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
lynes latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say  when carol kane appears on the screen .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture ca nt quite conceal that there s nothing resembling a spine here .
the worst kind of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tvmovie oftheweek films clumsily stuck together .
as an actress  madonna is one helluva singer  as the mediterranean sparkles  swept away sinks .
so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl .
not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
pick your nose instead because you re sure to get more out of the latter experience .
ong chooses to present ah nas life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the characters blankfaced optimism .
a movie that  rather than skip along the seine  more or less slogs its way through soggy paris  tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy  but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
not a cheap slasher flick  as the subject matter would suggest  but is a little like a nature film  showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
a wellintentioned effort thats still too burdened by the actors offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
what is 100 missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy  an inkling of genuine wit  and anything resembling acting .
he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses  no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
i can imagine this movie as a bw british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al   but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
the ending is a copout  what happens to john q  i dont have an i am sam clue .
a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
the irony is that this films cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt  guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh  sometimes funny  and usually genuinely worthwhile  hollywood ending is a depressing experience .
almost nothing else  raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation  is onesided  outwardly sexist or meanspirited  and in a sense  thats a liability .
that frenetic spectacle on the tv show has usually been leavened by a charm thats conspicuously missing from the girls bigscreen blowout .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight  and the whole of the proceedings beg the question  why .
theres a lot of good material here  but theres also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do nt want to think too much about what s going on .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability    all you have left is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like hes not trying to laugh at how bad it .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum  not even ms  redgraves noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
its hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that arent funny .
the film does nt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene  but to diminishing effect  the characters never change .
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull  rodrigues s beastwithin metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if youre going to alter the bards ending  youd better have a good alternative .
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
id be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most  the fanboy .
leaves you with a knot in your stomach  its power is undercut by its own headbanging obviousness .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or .
s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
every visual joke is milked  every setup obvious and lengthy  every punchline predictable  theres no energy .
smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team  but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the lrb teen comedy rrb genre a bad name .
accuracy and realism are terrific  but if your film becomes boring  and your dialogue isnt smart  then you need to use more poetic license .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
if hill is nt quite his generation s don siegel lrb or robert aldrich rrb  it s because there s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair .
the fact that the  best part  of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demme s good films .
if this is satire  its the smug and selfcongratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers  unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in the ring .
the modern remake of dumas s story is long on narrative and lrb too rrb short on action .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots  or cinema seats .
s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
a recipe for cinematic disaster    part quentin tarantino  part guy ritchie  and part 1960s spy spoof  its all bad .
selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece    so dull that its tagline should be  in space  no one can hear you snore .
a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
as if trying to grab a lump of playdoh  the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story  the more details slip out between his fingers .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit  but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
it squanders chan s uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming thats enough to sustain laughs .
the original was nt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new years eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
no worse than a lot of the crap weve been offered this summer  and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that s enough to sustain laughs .
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
although based on a reallife person  john  in the movie  is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rices complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie    is that he obviously doesnt have his heart in it .
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility  not an event that is believable  not a confrontation that is not staged  not a moment that is not false .
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment has nt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by there s something about mary cowriter ed decter .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie  but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it .
yet another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto whats left of his passe chopsocky glory .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
had the film boasted a clearer  more memorable  the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff  then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
myers never knows when to let a gag die  thus  were subjected to one mindnumbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
it should be interesting  it should be poignant  it turns out to be affected and boring .
realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didnt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avarys failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal  i felt disrespected .
the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
i m not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
a beyondlame satire  teddy bears  picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writeractor .
all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance  but twists are getting irritating  and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
perrys good and his is an interesting character  but  serving sara  hasnt much more to serve than silly fluff  nor is it a romantic comedy .
as it stands  crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monsters path of destruction .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet  conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy  half past dead is just such an achievement .
this offputting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
waydowntown may not be an important movie  or even a good one  but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
its been 20 years since 48 hrs  made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasnt aged a day  but his showboating wisecracker stock persona sure is getting old .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
rosenthal lrb halloween ii rrb seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
it takes you somewhere youre not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface  and exotic dancing  its surprisingly oldfashioned .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious at ninety minutes  it drags .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling workingclass spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young womans breakdown  the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
it s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it s hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
as an older woman who seduces oscar  the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
this overlong infomercial  due out on video before month s end  is tepid and tedious .
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that doesnt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that its only a movie .
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the selfdestructiveness of many young people .
i cant begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis .
to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short  tries its best to hide the fact that seagals overweight and out of shape .
left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea  then pay your 8 and get ready for the big shear  this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
frankly  its kind of insulting  both to men and women  and its not that funny  which is just generally insulting .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested  or at least conscious  i could feel my eyelids  getting  very  heavy .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the population s shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
one sloughs ones way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
an uneven look into a grim future that doesnt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k  dick stories .
a wellmade but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but it s also one that  next to his best work  feels clumsy and convoluted .
the acting is stiff  the story lacks all trace of wit  the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligans island  and the cgi scooby might well be the worst specialeffects creation of the year .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
brosnans finest nonbondish performance yet fails to overcome the films manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
according to wendigo  nature loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and .
this is a good movie in spurts  but when it doesnt work  its at important times .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revengeofthenerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwais vaunted empathy .
will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
the movie is loaded with good intentions  but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
be forewarned  if you re depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
its not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date  but when it comes out on video  its well worth a rental .
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento  a producer here   but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark  decadent truffle .
circuit queens wont learn a thing  theyll be too busy cursing the films strategically placed white sheets .
the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of françois and michèles relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the chateau  is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
though theres a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the films direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
theres a solid woman findingherself story somewhere in here  but youd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times  and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
its inoffensive  cheerful  built to inspire the young people  set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery  its about as exciting as a sunburn .
what frei gives us    is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona  here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austenand a hollywoodized austen at that .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo nt fly with most intelligent viewers .
serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
the movie is nt painfully bad  something to be  fully experienced   it s just tediously bad  something to be fully forgotten .
that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
a minor picture with a major identity crisis  its sort of true and its sort of bogus and its hohum all the way through .
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions  sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
is a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit  so i just did .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate  its likely that whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  youll likely think of this one .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
a broadly played  lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s  the film s ending has a  what was it all for .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it .
this movie feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
it s unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
one thing is for sure  this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chouchou .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script  that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of knowhow mixes with lack of giveadamn .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an  emotionally at least  adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge  these are names to remember  in order to avoid them in the future .
feels like one of those contrived  onlyin hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
seagal  who looks more like danny aiello these days  mumbles his way through the movie .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
fancy a real downer  leigh lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris coopers agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we dont feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
so brisk is wangs pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
davis has energy  but she doesnt bother to make her heroines book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
a pintsized goodfellas designed to appeal to the younger set  its not a very good movie in any objective sense  but it does mostly hold ones interest .
s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
as social exposé  skins has its heart in the right place  but thats not much to hang a soap opera on .
sheridan s take on the author s schoolboy memoir  is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
keeps things interesting  but do nt go out of your way to pay full price .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue  just because it seems obligatory .
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise  mr  desplechin is content to state it .
tykwers surface flash isnt just a poor fit with kieslowskis lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowskis work aspired to  including the condition of art .
overall the film feels like a lowbudget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
it s hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there .
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
wallace seems less like hes been burning to tell a war story than hes been itching to somehow tack one together .
it s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
bears resemblance to  and shares the weaknesses of  too many recent actionfantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent storytelling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
im convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue  this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and .
the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
lrb toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
since lee is a sentimentalist  the film is more worshipful than your random e  true hollywood story .
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat  as the stalker doesnt do much stalking  and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
the film is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities  but it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
its just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  its just grating .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd  however  almost makes this movie worth seeing  almost .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he s dissecting  and .
a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with issues to simplify .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
it does nt really know or care about the characters  and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
its hard not to feel youve just watched a featurelength video game with some really heavy back story .
eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
its as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
without september 11  collateral damage would have been just another bad movie  now its a bad  embarrassing movie .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon  is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first films lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
i spied with my little eye  a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion  grandeur  shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you  the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
proves that it s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
releasing a film with the word  dog  in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
velocity represents everything wrong with independent film as a commodified  soldout concept on the american filmmaking scene .
sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
linklater fans  or pretentious types who want to appear avantgarde will suck up to this project .
that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but ive got to give it thumbs down .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment hasnt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
with miscast leads  banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax  killing me softly belongs firmly in the sobaditsgood camp .
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
theres enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccinos characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia .
you may be galled that youve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who dont care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
if youre over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a drivers license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt s plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
all that  powerpuff girls  charm is present in the movie  but its spread too thin .
for all the time we spend with these people  we never really get inside of them .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but .
youve already seen heartbreak if youve watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard  even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers  for the rest of us  sitting through dahmers two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work  the movie contains no wit  only labored gags .
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
it s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
nijinsky says  i know how to suffer and if you see this film youll know too .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
its a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject  but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history  or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
what would jesus do if he was a film director  hed create a movie better than this .
im afraid you wont get through this frankly fantastical bythenumbers bflick with just a suspension of disbelief  rather  youll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroformsoaked handkerchief .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  youd want to smash its face in .
lets face it  there arent many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if theyre not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fools gold .
there are touching moments in etoiles  but for the most part this is a dull  dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
lrb creates rrb the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
while the production details are lavish  film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
its not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil bow wow .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
the film s maudlin focus on the young woman s infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heartstring plucking .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about irans electoral process  but the result is a film thats about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
its so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x    look positively shakesperean by comparison .
serry wants to blend politics and drama  an admirable ambition  its too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema  unbreakable and signs .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
unspeakably  unbearably dull  featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dimwitted .
what madonna does here ca nt properly be called acting  more accurately  it s moving and .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
yes  one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong  determined monarch  but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie  i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
the film did nt convince me that calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
its never a good sign when a films star spends the entirety of the film in a coma  its a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
the directors twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship  most notably wretched sound design .
the only question  is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
theres too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young mans battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
lazy filmmaking  with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
there s something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids  movie  that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hooha .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly  but feeling pandered to  which  in the end  might be all the more infuriating .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppolas brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
an inept  tedious spoof of 70s kung fu pictures  it contains almost enough chuckles for a threeminute sketch  and no more .
a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that doesnt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless  70s blaxploitation shuckandjive sitcom .
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
cold and scattered  minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals  thats not vintage spielberg and that  finally  is minimally satisfying .
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories .
takes one character we dont like and another we dont believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isnt very funny .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes .
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
the only way to tolerate this insipid  brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
where last time jokes flowed out of chos life story  which provided an engrossing dramatic through line  here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
sheridan is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
one gets the impression the creators of dont ask dont tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes  too bad none of it is funny .
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering  millers hand often feels unsure .
lrb lee rrb treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
the latest vapid actor s exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler s reigen .
the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
the film goes from being an unusual scifi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
only for young children  if them  their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
in trying to capture the novel s deeper intimate resonances  the film has  ironically  distanced us from the characters .
watching  ending  is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbors garage sale  you cant believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
the film might have been more satisfying if it had  in fact  been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology  but the cinematography is cloudy  the picture making becalmed .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesnt figure in the present hollywood program .
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  is nt much fun without the highs and lows .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington s fine performance in the title role .
the venezuelans say things like  si  pretty much  and  por favor  go home  when talking to americans  thats muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes .
this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
davis has a bright  chipper style that keeps things moving  while never quite managing to connect her wishfulfilling characters to the human race .
with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  it s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
its a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of  the longest yard  playbook like a checklist .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr  besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms  shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
that it s difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
silly stuff  all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
it made me feel unclean  and i m the guy who liked there s something about mary and both american pie movies .
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
one of those staggeringly wellproduced  joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me  horrors   into scrooge .
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
an overstylized  puréed mélange of sex  psychology  drugs and philosophy  sometimes entertaining  sometimes indulgent  but never less than pure wankery .
has the marks of a septuagenarian  it s a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
while theres likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans  as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbos dumbeddown tactics   much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
was i scared  only at the prospect of becks next project  lets see  a haunted house  a haunted ship  whats next    ghost blimp .
going to the website may be just as fun  and scary  as going to the film .
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
with the candylike taste of it fading faster than 25cent bubble gum  i realized this is a throwaway movie that wont stand the test of time  its a trifle .
its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
despite juliet stevenons attempt to bring cohesion to pamelas emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
is extremely straight and mindnumbingly stilted  its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
hopefully itll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around  wait to see it then .
it s a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
girlfriends are bad  wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
a sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
consider the titles clunkonthehead that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
after sitting through this sloppy  madeformovie comedy special  it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
j  lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear  shes a pretty woman  but shes no working girl .
the documentary is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
pascale baillys romcom provides amélies audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin  i  e   a banal spiritual quest .
so grainy and rough  so dependent on being  naturalistic  rather than carefully lit and set up .
starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
there s apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jackson s nose .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage .
i spy is an embarrassment  a monotonous  disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations  its as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
despite its promising cast of characters  big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
some actors steal scenes  tom green just gives them a bad odor  this selfinfatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard  but hes the most obvious one .
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
school experience that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document  its makers are nt removed and inquisitive enough for that .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours  and  for that matter  shrek .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
takes a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
visually rather stunning  but ultimately a handsomelooking bore  the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
if h  g  wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kins reworked version  what would he say  it looks good  sonny  but you missed the point .
a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
the movie s vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
lrb less a movie than rrb an appalling  odoriferous thing  so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
a predictable  manipulative stinker  the story passes time until its time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
it s enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up  but they lack their idols energy and passion for detail .
i didnt find much fascination in the swinging  what theyre doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge  but that they are doing it is thoughtprovoking .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  it s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
being author wells greatgrandson  youd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material  but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
shadyac  who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams  trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
ice cube is nt quite out of ripe screwball ideas  but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywoodaction cliches .
ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest  but the film is so bleak that it s hardly watchable .
though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
the emperors club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world  but .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as worse than expected   but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
the movie feels like its going to be great  and it carries on feeling that way for a long time  but takeoff just never happens .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
professionally speaking  its tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom  com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea  the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message  if indeed there is one .
perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
as befits its title  this pg13rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and  playing a charmless witch  she is merely a charmless witch .
he s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
mark wahlberg    may look classy in a 60shomage pokepie hat  but as a character hes dry  dry  dry .
s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
swinging  the film makes it seem  is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering you ll wonder if lopez s publicist should share screenwriting credit .
the movies messages are quite admirable  but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets scifi rehash .
everything about girls ca nt swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says im telling you  this is f    ed  maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw  evil is interesting and good is boring .
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it s not clear whether we re supposed to shriek or .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
there s only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
a plotline that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to special effects by way of replacing objects in a characters hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
the fact that the best part of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demmes good films doesnt bode well for the rest of it .
but unless you re an absolute raving star wars junkie  it is nt much fun .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government marinelegal mystery  and thats because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by theres something about mary cowriter ed decter .
is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than lrb writerdirector rrb franc .
with a  spy kids  sequel opening next week  why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
it s exactly the kind of movie toback s detractors always accuse him of making .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
scoobydoo does nt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy  jovial team .
learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
a semiautobiographical film that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and .
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
a strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
mostly  shafer and cowriter gregory hinton lack a strongminded viewpoint  or a sense of humor .
its a trifle of a movie  with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
ve never seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
the irwins scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
it doesnt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments i ve had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool  you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
too much of this wellacted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger  more complicated story  one that never materializes .
is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
maybe there s a metaphor here  but figuring it out would nt make trouble every day any better .
is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the directors brother  the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
as is often the case with ambitious  eager firsttime filmmakers  mr  murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is nt incomprehensible .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies thats so bad it starts to become good  but it wasnt .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
here s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject s mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy  cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
hell is rrb looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is nt even halfway through .
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos  particularly where whitakers misfit artist is concerned .
at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden  if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
while obviously an extremely personal work  it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
it s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes  almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
everything else about high crimes is  like the military system of justice it portrays  tiresomely regimented .
it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
become  to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
his shortest  the hole  which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
s mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punchdrunk love .
that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb  the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
it s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
for the rest of us  sitting through dahmer s two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy  but it isnt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
its so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief  and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
while the humor aspects of jason x were far more entertaining than i had expected  everything else about the film tanks .
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
too restrained to be a freak show  too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral  too dull and pretentious to be engaging    the isle defies an easy categorization .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it cant really be called animation .
its a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
offers no new insight on the matter  nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
there s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
its clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower iq than when i had entered .
it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension  and even if it werent silly  it would still be beyond comprehension .
never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
no  i dont know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
if there was any doubt that peter ofallon didnt have an original bone in his body  a rumor of angels should dispel it .
all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties .
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
unsurprisingly  the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but its hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or perhaps its just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
her fans walked out muttering words like  horrible  and  terrible   but had so much fun dissing the film that they didnt mind the ticket cost  in this case zero .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess .
will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
theres no question that epps scores once or twice  but its telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish  and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
you do nt know whether to admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j  k  rowlings marvelous series into a deadly bore .
nair stuffs the film with dancing  henna  ornamentation  and group song  but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
one sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing    but she and writing partner laurence coriat dont manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
while not all that bad of a movie  it s nowhere near as good as the original .
a great script brought down by lousy direction  same guy with both hats  big mistake .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students    and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that didnt talk down to them   ignoring that  he made swimfan anyway .
with the exception of mccoist  the players do nt have a clue on the park .
director ofallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen  but his skill at telling a story  he also contributed to the screenplay  falls short .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke  lucky break is lrb cattaneo rrb sophomore slump .
youd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous than leon .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitts gentle  endearing 1975 childrens novel .
looking for leonard  just seems to kinda sit in neutral  hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills  ignore the reputation  and ignore the film .
the punch lines that miss  unfortunately  outnumber the hits by threetoone  but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well .
so routine  familiar and predictable  it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
not the great american comedy  but if you liked the previous movies in the series  youll have a good time with this one too .
is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
if you re looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  you ll need a stronger stomach than us .
a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
the furious coherence that deniro brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself  which feels  as it plods toward the end  less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action  all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
you expect more from director michael apted lrb enigma rrb and screenwriter nicholas kazan lrb reversal of fortune rrb than this cliche pileup .
on the whole  the movie lacks wit  feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful  no doubt  it s the worst movie i ve seen this summer .
elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesnt mean its good enough for our girls .
firsttime director joão pedro rodrigues unwillingness to define his heros background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
although  visually striking and slickly staged  it s also cold  grey  antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
despite its title  amys orgasm is not a porno  though it is as tedious as one .
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
everything its title implies  a standardissue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
its stupidities wind up sticking in one s mind a lot more than the cool bits .
the picture  scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordionharmonicabanjo abomination  is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
to me  it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
mctiernan s remake may be lighter on its feet  the soberminded original was as graceful as a tapdancing rhino  but it is just as boring and as obvious .
no matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
the good and different idea of middleaged romance is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
there are some laughs in this movie  but williams anarchy gets tiresome  the satire is weak .
than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so .
shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
be forewarned  if youre depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game  you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs    a sad sitcom of a movie  largely devoid of charm .
another big  dumb action movie in the vein of xxx  the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
instead of contriving a climactic hero s death for the belovedmajor  characterwhoshall  remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard  it s icky .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
partway through watching this saccharine  eastereggcolored concoction  you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses  nor their characters  deserve .
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
the plot is straight off the shelf  the performances are television caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
haneke keeps us at arms length  guided more by intellect than heart  his story flattens instead of sharpens .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of    outrageous gags .
hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
this followup seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
when mr  hundert tells us in his narration that this is a story without surprises   we nod in agreement .
how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive  the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
when he moves his setting to the past  and relies on a historical text  he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritters glory days on threes company .
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant .
it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
cacoyannis vision is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
too silly to be frightening  too stolid to be funny  it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star  david arquette .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes  just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger  all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
replacing john carpenters stylish tracking shots is degraded  handheld blair witch videocam footage  of all the halloweens  this is the most visually unappealing .
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like youre watching an iceberg melt  only it never melts .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
enchanted with lowlife tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts    what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cages best acting .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense  youll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers  and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
despite impeccable acting    and a script that takes some rather unexpected  even  at times  preposterous  turns  love is just too  too precious in the end .
cant kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers  still  this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
its deepsixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in theres something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
partly a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious  at ninety minutes  it drags .
much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
its hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marinas could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom  and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the 70s or 80s  and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
the one notsosmall problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual  but they dont fit well together and neither is well told .
s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
imagine lrb if possible rrb a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor .
jacquots rendering of puccinis tale of devotion and doublecross is more than just a filmed opera  in his first stab at the form  jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce    lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
the movie makes absolutely no sense  its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question  since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb .
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that its hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
for all its shootouts  fistfights  and car chases  this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
the film is so bad it doesnt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
like rudy yellow lodge  eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
we ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
anyway  for one reason or another  crush turns into a dire drama partway through  after that  it just gets stupid and maudlin  too bad  but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances  its not a total loss .
this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
with this new rollerball  sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend  when she speaks  her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say .
look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
shankman    and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
full of witless jokes  dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios  and saddled with a general air of misogyny .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb fills me with revulsion .
the only entertainment youll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them  perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter  its not an easy one to review .
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
davis wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
director dirk shafer and cowriter greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
uncertain in tone    a garbled exercise in sexual politics  a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished products unshapely look  director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything  thats because relatively nothing happens .
n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
pocas ideas interesantes  un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto .
no one involved  save dash  shows the slightest aptitude for acting  and the script  credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest  tron  anderson  seems entirely improvised .
labute ca nt avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and its neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
a working class  us vs  them  opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
by the time you reach the finale  youre likely wondering why youve been watching all this strutting and posturing .
one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most .
though uniformly well acted  especially by young ballesta and galan  a firsttime actor   writerdirector achero manass film is schematic and obvious .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
it s also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are  edgy .
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude 70s throwback .
the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
sucking all the classic out of robert louis stevensons treasure island and filling the void with scifi video game graphics and disneyfied adolescent angst .
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
i didnt laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube  and his skinny buddy mike epps  to make like laurel and hardy n the hood .
of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
kapur s contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
an awful lot like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something .
not really bad so much as distasteful  we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
shaky closeups of turkeyonrolls  stubbly chins  liver spots  red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time  we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
a blair witch  style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
a few hours after you ve seen it  you forget you ve been to the movies .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
diane lane s sophisticated performance ca nt rescue adrian lyne s unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
ice age is the first computergenerated feature cartoon to feel like other movies  and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns  expensive cars  lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks  the thing just never gets off the ground .
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
an unintentionally surreal kid s picture  in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
taken purely as an exercise in style  this oppressively gloomy technohorror clambake is impossible to ignore  but as a movie  its a humorless  disjointed mess .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life  the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story  of course  is that it goes nowhere .
squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story .
if youre just in the mood for a fun  but bad  movie  you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
any reasonably creative eighthgrader could have written a more credible script  though with the same number of continuity errors .
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans  but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow  peaceandlove side of the 60s counterculture .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
hanekes script  from elfriede jelineks novel  is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
in practice it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
it s such a mechanical endeavor lrb that rrb it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
hawke s film  a boring  pretentious waste of nearly two hours  does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of there but for the grace of god   it is far too selfconscious to draw you deeply into its world .
its loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
had so much fun dissing the film that they did nt mind the ticket cost .
the movies biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
twenty years later  reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery  but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
mr  deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of notsofunny gags  scattered moments of lazy humor .
the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
its tommys job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  youll feel like mopping up  too .
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
lrb macdowell rrb ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
shows that jackie chan is getting older  and that s something i would rather live in denial about .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did  its called wheres chris tucker when you need him .
his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
is the script s endless assault of embarrassingly hamfisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  isnt much fun without the highs and lows .
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slomo  doublepistoled  ballisticpyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic .
american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
we get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
some movies were made for the big screen  some for the small screen  and some  like ballistic  ecks vs sever  were made for the palm screen .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom  you d be wise to send your regrets .
the result  however wellintentioned  is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
the films lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
ultimately the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip  the end result is a film thats neither .
handled correctly  wildes play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice  here  alas  it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
its so mediocre  despite the dynamic duo on the marquee  that we just cant get no satisfaction .
wimps out by going for that pg13 rating  so the more graphic violence is mostly offscreen .
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but does nt quite get there .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse .
broomfield s style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
all too familiar    basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when angels with dirty faces appeared in 1938 .
looks more like a travelagency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independentcommunity guiding lights .
expected from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
theres an admirable rigor to jimmys relentless anger  and to the scripts refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize theres no place for this story to go but down .
if the movie were all comedy  it might work better  but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a summary of the plot doesnt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
an instantly forgettable snowandstuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holidayseason product .
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts  this must have been a difficult shoot  but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
i have no problem with  difficult  movies  or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out  but first  you have to give the audience a reason to bwantb to put for that effort  and  i .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchyfeely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
the sheer dumbness of the plot  other than its one good idea  and the movies inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
so muddled  repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
a fairly bythebooks blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
yet it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
has all the trappings of an energetic  extremesports adventure  but ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain  and the payoff is negligible .
to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
shadyac shoots his film like an m  night shyamalan movie  and he frequently maintains the same snails pace  he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganeshs rise up the social ladder .
without a strong script and energetic acting  dogma films can produce the same sleepinducing effects as watching your neighbors home videos .
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
with a completely predictable plot  you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
on the evidence before us  the answer is clear  not easily and  in the end  not well enough .
if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
the movies progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase fatal script error .
is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
a lackluster  unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j  m  barries peter pan .
i can take infantile humor    but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writers diapers .
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself  which contains few laughs and not much drama .
dignified ceos meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree  can you bear the laughter .
feels less like a change in lrb herzog s rrb personal policy than a halfhearted fluke .
the only pain you ll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises .
all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
preposterous and tedious  sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that  unfortunately  occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wont do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
stephen earnhart s documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and .
the obnoxious special effects  the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant  sofiveminutesago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy  dopey old hannabarbera charm .
s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
there was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
like a soft drink that s been sitting open too long  it s too much syrup and not enough fizz .
its difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassingim prepared to call it a draw .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches isnt exactly endearing .
s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearolds book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story does nt have a single surprise up its sleeve .
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point  is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
the skills of a calculus major at mit are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is  quite frankly  an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
showtime is nt particularly assaultive  but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
the pacing is deadly  the narration helps little and naipaul  a juicy writer  is negated .
ultimately  sarahs dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one womans broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable  especially considering its barely featurelength running time of one hour .
was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece  the picture begins to resemble the shapeless  grasping actors workshop that it is .
despite the premise of a good story    it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
behans memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang s forte and it shows .
pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disneys great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pellmell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
its not original  and  robbed of the element of surprise  it doesnt have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
in my own very humble opinion  in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
it s tommy s job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  you ll feel like mopping up  too .
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set of plot devices .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way .
the words  frankly  my dear  i dont give a damn   have never been more appropriate .
except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
falsehoods pile up  undermining the movie s reality and stifling its creator s comic voice .
its a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be  you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an alltime low in sorority boys  whose makers apparently believe that womens clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting  writing or direction .
koepp s screenplay is nt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
for all of the contemporary postcolonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers  the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anticatholic protestors .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye  but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
unfortunately  heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
lrb allen s rrb been making piffle for a long while  and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
a profoundly stupid affair  populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
the same tired old gags  modernized for the extreme sports generation  theres already been too many of these films .
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but theyre treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted neednt waste their time on it .
a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
essentially  fatal attraction  remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987     this story gets sillier  not scarier  as it goes along .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperor s club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
far too clever by half  howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers  time with a gobbler like this .
that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
the movies ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and .
putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
even the finest chef cant make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog  and robert de niro cant make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
obviously  a lot of people wasted a lot of their time  including mine  on something very inconsequential .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing  harts war  like the st  louis rams in the super bowl  waits until after halftime to get started .
davis has energy  but she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
despite its visual virtuosity  naqoyqatsi is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
plays like a badly edited  91minute trailer  and  the director cant seem to get a coherent rhythm going  in fact  it doesnt even seem like she tried .
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
its as if youre watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak  and it has been unearthed and released now  when it has become even weaker .
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
martin lawrence live is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
what the audience feels is exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
every so often a movie comes along that confirms ones worse fears about civilization as we know it  the new guy is one of them .
be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
but if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
starts out mediocre  spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
formula 51 is so trite that even yus highenergy action stylings cant break through the stupor .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama  rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible .
impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
familiar and predictable  and 45ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than  writerdirector  franc  reyes word processor .
do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
even if it made its original release date last fall  it wouldve reeked of a beenthere  donethat sameness .
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature  and .
ver wiel s desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
without a fresh infusion of creativity  4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
seems to be about everything that s plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that im not sure could be a single iota worse    a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
no better or worse than truth or consequences  n  m   or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
writerdirector michael kalesniko s how to kill your neighbor s dog is slight but unendurable .
poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
godard uses his characters  if thats not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
s hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander  some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war  let alone conscious of each other s existence .
totally overwrought  deeply biased  and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
the movie strains to stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a onehour tv documentary .
it is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
should nt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and .
its too selfimportant and plodding to be funny  and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
may be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters  by that measure  it is a failure .
all the queens men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
its a bad action movie because theres no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese .
its a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
there s very little sense to what s going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr  chicken .
can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive postproduction reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
the film does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation .
be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
oops  shes really done it this time  that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
lrb ahola rrb has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves  at the very least  a big box of consolation candy .
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
a mixed bag of a comedy that cant really be described as out of this world .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
as if drop dead gorgeous wasnt enough  this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of smalltown competition .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context  but barbershop is nt as funny as it should be .
smug  artificial  illconstructed and fatally overlong  it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
while this film has an a list cast and some strong supporting players  the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibis generic angst  there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows .
i cant remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and .
like its parade of predecessors  this halloween is a gory slashfest  it cant escape its past  and it doesnt want to .
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another runofthemill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
fans of plympton s shorts may marginally enjoy the film  but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
at the onehour mark  herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
offers the nonetoooriginal premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
even if you re an elvis person  you wo nt find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
its another video movie photographed like a film  with the bad lighting thats often written off as indie film naturalism .
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience  just pure slapstick with lots of inane  inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
it shares the first two films  loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
mushes the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
from the opening scenes  its clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question  is it possible for computergenerated characters to go through the motions .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola s brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
its absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan  make chans action sequences boring .
what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
it might be the first scifi comedy that could benefit from a threes companystyle laugh track .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostesss home video of their babys birth .
with danilo donatis witty designs and dante spinottis luscious cinematography  this might have made a decent childrens movie  if only benigni hadnt insisted on casting himself in the title role .
apallingly absurd    the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9  black and white portable tv .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie  in other words  its badder than bad .
the film makes a fatal mistake  it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing  proof of this is ballistic  ecks vs  sever .
never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie .
the main characters are simply named the husband  the wife and the kidnapper  emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
one things for sure—if george romero had directed this movie  it wouldnt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
schnitzlers film has a great hook  some clever bits and welldrawn  if standard issue  characters  but is still only partly satisfying .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
unfortunately  kapur modernizes a  e  w  masons story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime  one that brings military courtroom dramas down very  very low .
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
its a gag thats worn a bit thin over the years  though dont ask still finds a few chuckles .
is what comes from taking john carpenter s ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings .
winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and that s where this film should have remained .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered .
irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit  but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
the catch is that they re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy    even for disney .
would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
while we want macdowells character to retrieve her husband  we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
tara reid plays a college journalist  but she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i dont know what shes doing in here .
i have a confession to make  i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymors preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
broomfields style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
will no doubt delight plympton s legion of fans  others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kongs john woo  hes not good with people .
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
the intent is almost exactly the same as the full monty  all thats missing is the spontaneity  originality and delight .
re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
it s one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads .
i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish  dumb fart jokes .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast is nt the least bit mesmerizing .
can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
its the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving  its careful  conscientious and makes no major mistakes  but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects  not the least of which is rebecca romijnstamos .
costners warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyacs perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
there s little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movies lack of ideas .
the redeeming feature of chans films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  whats worse  routine .
it s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil  bow wow .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts  holofceners film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings  so many false scares  that the genuine ones barely register .
the film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly  but viewers dont get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audiences meat grinder one more time .
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films  young is cool  and too young is too cool .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
despite its sincere acting  signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
green might want to hang onto that ski mask  as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
intended to be a comedy about relationships  this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
if you saw benignis pinocchio at a public park  youd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
maybe you ll be lucky  and there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they ca nt distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
collateral damage is  despite its alleged provocation post911  an antique  in the end  as are its star  its attitude and its obliviousness .
it s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and thats where this film should have remained .
evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
by the final whistle youre convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesnt have big screen magic .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
shouldnt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because theres not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
its sweet    but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
its not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned  the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about standup comedy .
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
as pure overthetop trash  any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy  but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
it s also built on a faulty premise  one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
ultimately  the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad  and the toofrosty exterior ms  paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
kids do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
noyce s greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche  no such thing is hartleys least accessible screed yet .
with rare birds  as with the shipping news before it  an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundlands wild soil  and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
to enjoy this movies sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns  you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
the obligatory breakups and hookups dont seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
that the chuck norris  grenade gag  occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how seriousminded the film is .
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a 75minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless  witless  and devoid of anything resembling humor .
a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
just when you think you are making sense of it  something happens that tells you there is no sense .
s a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does nt reveal an inner life .
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt .
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
a hit andmiss affair  consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
as elegantly crafted as it often is  andersons movie is essentially a onetrick pony that  hampered by an undeveloped script  ultimately pulls up lame .
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
swims in mediocrity  sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
if sinise s character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
feels aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives  leaving questions in its wake .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i cant compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature .
why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
an admitted egomaniac  evans is no hollywood villain  and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he d gone the way of don simpson .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
while its genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records  sugar hill gang  etc    the constant referencing of hiphop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
glizty but formulaic and silly  cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
the film doesnt show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
meticulously mounted  exasperatingly wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlos lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
brisk is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
it s the kind of underinspired  overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
if festival in cannes nails hard  boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy  much about the film  including some of its casting  is frustratingly unconvincing .
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
once one experiences mr  hanekes own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in ones mouth  and little else .
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção  não se preocupe  ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia .
that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say  but he isnt talking a talk that appeals to me .
here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
amid the cliché and foreshadowing  cage manages a degree of casual realism    that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
adam sandlers 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
the irwins  scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
even in the summertime  the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
theres something not entirely convincing about the quiet american  and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
the wheezing terrorist subplot has nt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists  bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it s obvious lrb jegyu is rrb trying for poetry  what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
this sade is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
while dark water is nt a complete wash lrb no pun intended rrb  watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene  the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
like the tuck family themselves  this movie just goes on and on and on and on .
s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly was nt feeling any of it .
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma  um filme esteticamente belo  mas emocionalmente frio .
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
is not that it s all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
mr  soderberghs direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
once one experiences mr haneke s own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in one s mouth  and little else .
full frontal  which opens today nationwide  could almost be classified as a movieindustry satire  but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genres definitive  if disingenuous  feature .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology thats just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
a static and sugary little halfhour  afterschool special about interfaith understanding  stretched out to 90 minutes .
the movie s ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
that s muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
instead of panoramic sweep  kapur gives us episodic choppiness  undermining the story s emotional thrust .
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
sticky sweet sentimentality  clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwiiera mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
bad in such a bizarre way that its almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
the paradiso s rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the film s final lrb restored rrb third .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy cant compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original  if i want music  ill buy the soundtrack  if i want a real movie  ill buy the criterion dvd .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but .
yes  i have given this movie a rating of zero  but fans of the show should not consider this a diss  consider it perfection .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writers previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and .
taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
kenneth branaghs energetic sweetandsour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun  too .
if we re to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she s french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
at best  cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies  but fails loudly in execution .
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
the problem isnt that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snakedownthethroat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments ive had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee youll find in this dreary mess .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indianamerican would recognize  and the lesson  in the end  is nothing new .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and  instead  rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep  i like frank the pug  though .
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the characters seem onedimensional  and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious  untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
plods along  minus the twisted humor and eyepopping visuals that have made miike    a cult hero .
several uninteresting  unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in  unfaithful   why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
costner s warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyac s perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low  you could do worse than this oddly cheerful  but not particularly funny  bodyswitching farce .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard  is a particularly vexing handicap .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera  not to mention a sharper  cleaner camera lens .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching .
its about following your dreams  no matter what your parents think  socrates motions for hemlock .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story  but her inner journey is largely unexplored and were left wondering about this exoticlooking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
the mothman prophecies  which is mostly a bore  seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
a film made with as little wit  interest  and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
takes one character we do nt like and another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
it s an odd show  pregnant with moods  stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
youll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot  youll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
offers not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
lrb madonna s rrb denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
lrb davis rrb wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter .
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the film s trailer also looked like crap  so crap is what i was expecting .
the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
whatever the movie s sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text .
have poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
like schindlers list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this is nt .
he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
oedekerk wrote patch adams  for which he should not be forgiven  why he was given free reign over this project  he wrote  directed  starred and produced  is beyond me .
however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
those who are only mildly curious  i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
however stale the material  lawrences delivery remains perfect  his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abcs  despite a few whopping shootouts .
sexually charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
while solondz tries and tries hard  storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
when the fire burns out  weve only come facetoface with a couple dragons and thats where the film ultimately fails .
i ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
wasabi is slight fare indeed  with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly  like one of huberts punches   but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or .
end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts  the wide range of one actor  and the limited range of a comedian .
the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she cant provide any conflict .
after the setup  the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
im sure the filmmaker would disagree  but  honestly  i dont see the point  its a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if youre up for that sort of thing .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
it all looks and plays like a 40 million version of a game youre more likely to enjoy on a computer .
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
it is  by conventional standards  a fairly terrible movie    but it is also weirdly fascinating  a readymade eurotrash cult object  it is also  at times  curiously moving .
boasts eyecatching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
it s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
an amalgam of the fugitive  blade runner  and total recall  only without much energy or tension .
its not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce  lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
mustsee viewing for anyone involved in the hightech industry  others may find it migraineinducing  despite moores attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
theres not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
i know we re not supposed to take it seriously  but i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
despite engaging offbeat touches  knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre thats as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
don michael paul uses quickcuts   very  large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double  for seagal .
they re the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
carveys characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and it s quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
manipulative claptrap  a periodpiece movieoftheweek  plain old blarney    take your pick  all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
it is nt that stealing harvard is a horrible movie  if only it were that grand a failure .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any comedy to ever spill from a projectors lens .
it s the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film  it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet  even the eager consumers of moores pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and .
those same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously  and the stepford wives mentality doesnt work in a modern context .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the films midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
i m not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and .
im not saying that ice age doesnt have some fairly pretty pictures  but theres not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro  que  depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento  perdese de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados .
not one moment in the enterprise didnt make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
the film s lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  you ll likely think of this one .
lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
a longwinded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable  but the notion that a strong  unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20thcentury history is undermined by aholas inadequate performance .
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics  unaware that it s the butt of its own joke .
d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
the following things are not at all entertaining  the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld  who is also one of the films producers  do everything he can to look like a good guy .
s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
for most movies  84 minutes is short  but this one feels like a life sentence .
see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
as chick flicks go  this one is pretty miserable  resorting to stringpulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
is of brian de palma s addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
its such a mechanical endeavor that it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
unspeakable  of course  barely begins to describe the plot and its complications  vulgar is too optimistic a title .
theres no denying the elaborateness of the artists conceptions  nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan  but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense  lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
its disappointing when filmmakers throw a few bigname actors and cameos at a hokey script .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team    but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
to say analyze that is de niros best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
doesnt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
if you re not totally weirded  out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle .
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just isnt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its leads specific gifts .
s up to you to decide whether to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
the movies somethingborrowed construction feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story  killing time  thats all thats going on here .
the movie is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
it shares the first two films loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
they threw loads of money at an idea that shouldve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and its a sad  sick sight .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and .
although there are several truly jolting scares  theres also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
there s a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight comingofagecomingout tale .
s surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you ll find in this dreary mess .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
i m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening  but it s stupid .
matteis underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderbergh s space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
it s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms  sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
it s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much sense even on its own terms .
video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
report card  doesnt live up to the exalted tagline  theres definite room for improvement  doesnt deserve a passing grade  even on a curve .
made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
everything about girls cant swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
sets animation back 30 years  musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but .
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation  it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
it s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget  but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  isnt really one of resources .
excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
nothing sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
stitch is a bad mannered  ugly and destructive little      no cute factor here…  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle  there isnt much there here .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if youre going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
theres little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an antiharry potter  right down to the gryffindor scarf .
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
for the future  one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers  it will probably be a talky bore .
the cast has a high time  but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare s better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
its difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group  who live in the same apartment building  but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film  but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85minute brushup course with the documentary derrida  or  you can do something fun tonight .
barneys ideas about creation and identity dont really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hours worth of actual material .
all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
the only thing worse than your substandard  runofthemill hollywood picture is an angstridden attempt to be profound .
s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
but the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
lrb siegel rrb and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign  an exit sign  that is .
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
but first  you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
down badly as we absorb jia s moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
the pretensions  and disposable story  sink the movie  and diesel isnt the actor to save it .
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
there are simply too many ideas floating around  part farce  part sliding doors  part pop video  and yet failing to exploit them .
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over  no such thing is a big letdown .
at once overly oldfashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavyhanded in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
would benignis italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations  burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
instead of trying to bust some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
a worthy idea  but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
unfortunately  its also not very good  especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
its a stale  overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish  not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  its one of the worst of the entire franchise .
has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced .
the makers of divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood should offer a free ticket  second prize  of course  two free tickets  to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era  and its convolutions  feel silly rather than plausible .
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
the biggest problem i have lrb other than the very sluggish pace rrb is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but doesnt quite get there  good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
it plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters  its hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwoods dirty harry period .
its supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength  but it never quite adds up .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film  someone crosses arnie  arnie blows things up .
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
shunji iwais all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is nt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white .
do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
plays as hollow catharsis  with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
hard as this may be to believe  here on earth  a surprisingly similar teen drama  was a better film .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer  the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
lrb h rrb ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang  i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
conforms itself with creating a game of whos who    where the characters moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
its hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious c  h  o  still feels like a promising workinprogress .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses  many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid  whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wont seem like such a bore .
after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
is mildmannered  beenthere material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant  the outrageous .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory    but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug selfsatisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  youre going to feel like you werent invited to the party .
american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
the fourth in a series that ill bet most parents had thought hoped   was a fad that had long since vanished .
samira makhmalbafs new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness  although  its unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal .
emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
what little grace lrb rifkin s rrb tale of precarious skidrow dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold  and the viewers  into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last weeks issue of variety .
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voiceover instead of speaking to each other .
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself  shes a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesnt reveal an inner life .
whats at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete  if irritating  notion of class .
the director mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big  colorful characters  mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderberghs space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story  this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
a waterlogged version of  fatal attraction  for the teenybopper set  a sad  soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
feels conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters  sandler  who also executive produces  has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
it s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant  two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
russell lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
adapts to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
hugh grants act is so consuming that sometimes its difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
it all seemed wasted like deniros once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
there s nothing exactly wrong here  but there s not nearly enough that s right .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot  but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
the movie turns out to be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it .
the master of disguise falls under the category of  should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
clumsy  obvious  preposterous  the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
we re left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet  denis story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
admire it and yet can not recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
though it inspires some  outoffield  creative thought  the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
the film is all over the place  really  it dabbles all around  never gaining much momentum .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
its better than the phantom menace  but unless youre an absolute raving star wars junkie  it isnt much fun .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudosophisticated cultural observations  while the remainder    would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
its played in the most straightfaced fashion  with little humor to lighten things up  the heavyhanded film is almost laughable as a consequence .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
do nt expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture .
despite the fact that this film wasnt as bad as i thought it was going to be  its still not a good movie .
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
the young stars are too cute  the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative  the message is too blatant  the resolutions are too convenient .
its hard to pity the plain girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss  rather  pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
i walked away not really know who  they  were  what  they  looked like  why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i didnt care .
is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
a goodnatured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast  but never quite gets off the ground .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the teen comedy genre a bad name .
pryor lite  with half the demons  half the daring  much less talent  many fewer laughs .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject thats potentially moving  the movie is too predictable and too selfconscious to reach a level of high drama .
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
the whole thing feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação  harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo  e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you cant wait to see end .
trailer park magnolia  too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
while hill has learned new tricks  the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
jane learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
forgets about her other obligations  leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr   but there isnt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script  its simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
if you recognize zeus lrb the dog from snatch rrb it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
its difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice  the movie makes two hours feel like four .
the overall vibe is druggy and selfindulgent  like a springbreak orgy for pretentious arts majors .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of meanspiritedness .
though there s a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the film s direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkleys flopping dolphingasm .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series  accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
i can imagine this movie as a b  w british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al  but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
a lovely trifle that  unfortunately  is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawsons creek  theyll probably run out screaming .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
it is just too bad the films story does not live up to its style .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
if theres one thing this world needs less of  its movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldnt pass an entrance exam .
a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
scherfig  who has had a successful career in tv  tackles more than she can handle .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece  so dull that its tagline should be   in space  no one can hear you snore .
comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
when a set of preshooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer  better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film  thats a bad sign  a very bad sign .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny  and the action sequences  clearly the main event  are surprisingly uninvolving .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
morgan  judd and franklin cant save the script  rooted in a novel by joseph finder  from some opportunism .
furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that  however engaging  is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
shreves graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen  and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies  even as they are being framed in conversation  max is static  stilted .
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
its dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
adam sandlers heart may be in the right place  but he needs to pull his head out of his butt .
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
its a bad sign when youre rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects deaths just so the documentary will be over  but its indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
the characters  are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something .
as earnest as a communitycollege advertisement  american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
coal is nt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children s stockings .
its often faintly amusing  but the problems of the characters never become important to us  and the story never takes hold .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
i can easily imagine benignis pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial  coal isnt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty childrens stockings .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
even with its  50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
chan s stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
five screenwriters are credited with the clichéladen screenplay  it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
while its all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside .
de niro looks bored  murphy recycles murphy  and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives  still with the boiler suit and white mask  which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been massmurdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license .
guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and there s nothing to drink .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
koepps screenplay isnt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the years  unintentionally  funniest moments  that its impossible to care .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longleys film lacks balance    and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
things really get weird  though not particularly scary  the movie is all portent and no content .
is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
the new faces are interesting  but the old story isnt  especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
i blame all men for war   the wardens daughter tells her father  the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
i know were not supposed to take it seriously  but i cant shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
alls well that ends well  and rest assured  the consciousnessraising lessons are cloaked in grossout gags .
acting  particularly by tambor  almost makes  never again  worthwhile  but writerdirector schaeffer should follow his titular advice .
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns  creating a meandering  inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs  young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile .
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
sadly  though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they cant generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg .
a 94minute travesty of unparalleled proportions  writerdirector parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
a cross between boys do nt cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
this is surely one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances  but their screen time is sabotaged by the storys inability to create interest .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous   the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
about this traditional thriller  moderately successful but not completely satisfying  is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
like a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but like most movie riddles  it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian  though if ever a movie needed one of the actors whiny jags to pump it up  this has to be among the rare ones .
makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but .
in an effort  i suspect  not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted  it offends by just being wishywashy .
aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
a wishywashy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung  but explains its characters decisions only unsatisfactorily .
this is very much of a mixed bag  with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
even fans of ismail merchants work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
its all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and its all about the silences and if youre into that  have at it .
hey arnold  is now stretched to barely feature length  with a little more attention paid to the animation  still  the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartletts story is appealing .
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
its kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomachchurning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
quite frankly  i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gutbusting laughs  its digs at modern society are all things we ve seen before .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing  robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
this is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
this dubious product of a collegespawned  colgate u   comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
the films needlessly opaque intro takes its doeeyed crudup out of pre911 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering youll wonder if lopezs publicist should share screenwriting credit .
this lowrent  and even lowerwit  ripoff of the farrelly brothers oeuvre gets way too mushy  and in a relatively short amount of time .
feels haphazard  as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture  it too is a bomb .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is  given its labor day weekend upload  feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
bartletts hero remains a reactive cipher  when opening the mans head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
bad  is the operative word for  bad company   and i dont mean that in a good way .
is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
a latenight cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people  manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantinos handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
what can one say about a balding 50yearold actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head  but he knows how to pose madonna .
i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
it showcases carveys talent for voices  but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of ones patience to get to the good stuff .
in the end  ted bundys only justification is the directors common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac  theres no larger point  and little social context .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment  still  it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie s servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for  or worth rooting against  for that matter .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers  apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
beers  who  when shes given the right lines  can charm the paint off the wall    but the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for  but how it washed out despite all of that is the projects prime mystery .
while scorsese s bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic  the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
at first  the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious  but as the film goes on  the joke wears thin .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter  but the couples exposing themselves are nt all that interesting .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops  but theres not enough to the story to fill two hours .
its mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters  hitandmiss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
each scene wreaks of routine  the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
siegel and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
the characters    are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
on a certain base level  blue crush delivers what it promises  just not well enough to recommend it .
there s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
it s light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness  and there are moments of jawdroppingly odd behavior .
s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
there are many definitions of  time waster  but this movie must surely be one of them .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor s preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
the film s hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone whos seen george roy hills 1973 film   the sting .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
an incoherent jumble of a film thats rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
theres not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which were told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
this tale has been told and retold  the races and rackets change  but the song remains the same .
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary  naturalistic tone of the film .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q  archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces dont quite fit together .
if this is the danish idea of a good time  prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination  some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war  perhaps .
it made me feel unclean  and im the guy who liked theres something about mary and both american pie movies  oh  and booty call .
his nelsons screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio  complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyers ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that does nt and a thriller that wo nt .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast isnt the least bit mesmerizing .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis nothing novel  in the end  his rules is barely worth following .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
its a brilliant  honest performance by nicholson  but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up  bravado kathy .
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding .
its not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe    but its far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
the plots clearly mythic structure may owe more to disneys strong sense of formula than to the original story  but while the highly predictable narrative falls short  treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors  like them  it eventually culminates in the notexactly stunning insight that crime doesnt pay .
sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenres most enabling victim    and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
there are cheesy backdrops  ridiculous action sequences  and many tired jokes about men in heels .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel its based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it  the project should have been made for the tube .
plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a clicheriddled but selfserious spy thriller .
mr soderbergh s direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge  before long  youre desperate for the evening to end .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
butterfingered is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies  and he gives none to the audience .
has made the nearfatal mistake of being what the english call  too clever by half .
at some point  all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy  vaguely silly overkill .
what is captured during the conceptual process doesnt add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work  the selection  became in its final form .
blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenloopers approach to the material is too upbeat .
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio  as for children  they wont enjoy the movie at all .
while benigni  who stars and cowrote  seems to be having a wonderful time  he might be alone in that .
does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
while american adobo has its heart  and its palate  in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
a wellintentioned effort that s still too burdened by the actor s offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old  would have a good time here .
amid the shock and curiosity factors  the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
the movie is virtually without context  journalistic or historical  whats worse is that pelosi knows it .
m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes  eyefilling  widescreen production design and joans wacky decision to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that hes a disloyal satyr .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  lrb franco rrb has all of dean s mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
there is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
being unique does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
swimfan  like fatal attraction  eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
has no reason to exist  other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored  cheering the pratfalls but little else  their parents  wise folks that they are  read books .
about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
s so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days  but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence  this scarlets letter is a    as in aimless  arduous  and arbitrary .
it s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
in both the writing and cutting  it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you  you end up simply admiring this bit or that  this performance or that .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story thats shapeless and uninflected .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
may have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
the town has kind of an authentic feel  but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
ive heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one  i wonder why  they felt like the same movie to me .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and i know this because i ve seen  jackass  the movie .
is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
dont expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai s villainous father to the endless action sequences .
when de palmas bad  hes really bad  and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy .
not only are the film s sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
its a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
should have gone straight to video  it looks like an action movie  but its so poorly made  on all levels  that it doesnt even qualify as a spoof of such .
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
possession is in the end an honorable  interesting failure  it falls far short of poetry  but its not bad prose .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre .
been there  done that  liked it much better the first time around  when it was called the professional .
however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy  there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen  it never is  not fully .
yes they can swim  the title is merely annesophie birots offhanded way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
in the second half of the film  freis control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for selfanalysis .
maybe its asking too much  but if a movie is truly going to inspire me  i want a little more than this .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwai s vaunted empathy .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth  there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer  just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful .
take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
the filmmaker ascends  literally  to the olympus of the art world  but he would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion  you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director  one would hope for the best .
bondinspired  certainly  likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise  lets hope not .
worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
all the movies narrative gymnastics cant disguise the fact that its inauthentic at its core and that its story just isnt worth telling .
for a story set at sea  ghost ship is pretty landbound  with its leaden acting  dull exposition and telegraphed  surprises .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements  in terms of love  age  gender  race  and class .
when not obscured by the booming bassheavy soundtrack  the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy grays game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
in the real world  an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like  girl in bar 3 .
imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
the film suffers from a lack of humor  something needed to balance out the violence .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that doesnt and a thriller that wont .
van wilder doesnt bring anything new to the proverbial table  but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crassathons like tomcats  freddy got fingered  and slackers .
s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books  its in the action scenes that things fall apart .
stealing harvard does nt care about cleverness  wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction  and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow  selfish  greedy characters .
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it .
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter s invention .
has something to say    but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
lacking gravitas  macdowell is a placeholder for grief  and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel  leave these flowers unpicked  theyre dead on the vine .
authentic  and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title    amounts to surprisingly little .
ver wiels desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
one thing s for sure  if george romero had directed this movie  it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling   interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well    but quite frankly  scoob and shag dont eat enough during the film .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie s presentation  which is way too stagy .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego doesnt always go hand in hand with talent .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns  sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
when not wallowing in its characters  frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
stupid  infantile  redundant  sloppy  overthetop  and amateurish  yep  its  waking up in reno   go back to sleep .
in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what s left of his passe  chopsocky glory .
although bright  wellacted and thoughtprovoking  tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs  woo  it looks like woos a p  o  w .
the movie  like bartleby  is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment  the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
a plotline thats as lumpy as twoday old porridge    the filmmakers paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
the photographers showdonttell stance is admirable  but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
pretend its a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away  its fun  but its a real howler .
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films  but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
taken outside the context of the current political climate lrb see  terrorists are more evil than ever  rrb .
too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
an unpredictable blend of galpal smart talk  romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writerdirector john mckay can swallow .
director brian levant  who never strays far from his sitcom roots  skates blithely from one implausible situation to another  pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than youll find on a french poodle .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever  it just seems like it does  my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l  a  to that end  they mock the kind of folks they dont understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers dont care to understand  either .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip  young adult entertainment .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
there are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if you re going to alter the bard s ending  you d better have a good alternative .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
be found in sara sugarman s whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
a summary of the plot does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
the actors dont inhabit their roles  theyre trapped by them  forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
this movie  a certain scene in particular  brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
theres something deeply creepy about never again  a new arrow in schaeffers quiver of ineptitudes .
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
even with its 50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
a standard policeoriented drama that  were it not for de niros participation  would have likely wound up a tnt original .
boyds screenplay  cowritten with guardian hack nick davies  has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidis life  only a depiction of pain  todays version of greek tragedy  the talkshow guest decrying her fate .
just one more collection of penis  breast and flatulence gags in search of a story  or a profit  or some damn thing .
more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie  but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
its story may be a thousand years old  but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us .
woody allen has really found his groove these days  the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
dont let the subtitles fool you  the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
a blair witch style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos  but there are no movies of nijinsky  so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
this film is full of rabbits  brimful  but like most rabbits  it seems to lack substance .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people  but it is set in a world that is very  very far from the one most of us inhabit .
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
it looks like an action movie  but it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications  that have no bearing on the story .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
if hill isnt quite his generations don siegel  or robert aldrich   its because theres no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair  its all bluster and cliché .
it s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
the lowbudget full frontal was one of the years murkiest  intentionally obscure and selfindulgent pictures  and solaris is its bigbudget brother .
which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you ve been sitting still .
once again  director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the inevitable double  and triplecrosses arise  but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out whos who in this pretentious mess .
hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
at the very least  if you dont know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater  you wont know much more when you leave .
realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
nair just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
even horror fans will most likely not find what theyre seeking with trouble every day  the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line .
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets lrb scifi rrb rehash .
while certain cues  like the happy music  suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts  jeonghyang lees film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
the superior plotline isnt quite enough to drag along the dead  water  weight of the other .
the original wasnt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
about as enjoyable  i would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
a onetrick pony whose few ta bits still cant save itself from being unoriginal  unfunny and unrecommendable .
whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
contrived  awkward and filled with unintended laughs  the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i wouldnt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
while the film is competent  it s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing  but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet ones appetite for the bollywood films .
suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
it will come as no surprise that the movie isnt scary  but heres the real damn  it isnt funny  either .
davis    is so enamored of her own creation that she cant see how insufferable the character is .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
like a can of 2day old coke  you can taste it  but theres no fizz .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form  but far too clunky  didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
the jokes are sophomoric  stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
with little visible talent and no energy  colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where it s supposed to feel funny and light .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
the master of disguise is funnynot  ha ha  funny   dead circus performer  funny  and for all the wrong reasons besides .
likable  but just as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly executed idea .
unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line .
take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
it seems just a long  convoluted ploy to get men into drag  period drag  no less .
delivers the same old same old  tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we havent seen 10  000 times .
a 93minute condensation of a 26episode tv series  with all of the pitfalls of such youd expect .
badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
about one in three gags in white s intermittently wise script hits its mark  the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teenexploitation playbook .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and it s neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances .
unlike trey parker  sandler doesnt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie  but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
the first mistake  i suspect  is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student  where s pauly shore as the rocket scientist .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
egoyans movie is too complicated to sustain involvement  and  if youll excuse a little critical heresy  too intellectually ambitious .
as crimes go  writerdirector michael kalesnikos how to kill your neighbors dog is slight but unendurable .
lrb evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
any one episode of the sopranos would send this illconceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it does nt .
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives  as your relatives swap one mundane story after another  you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
something has been lost in the translation    another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey  alas  its the man that makes the clothes .
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
the movie s biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
it comes off as so silly that you wouldnt be surprised if ba  murdock and rest of the ateam were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
im all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it doesnt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker  but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
the premise is in extremely bad taste  and the films supposed insights are so poorly thoughtout and substancefree that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
there ought to be a directing license  so that ed burns can have his revoked .
steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside  and .
that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
simone is not a bad film  it just doesnt have anything really interesting to say .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the film s midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set .
almost everything about the film is unsettling  from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lais villainous father to the endless action sequences .
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but it s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
its crap on a leashfar too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dantes similarly styled gremlins .
it s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody  but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  its hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagals character    performs is shot from behind  as if it could fool us into thinking that were not watching a double .
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres .
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize  and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
i spied with my little eye    a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
whether it s the worst movie of 2002  i ca nt say for sure  memories of rollerball have faded  and i skipped country bears .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering    may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending .
the film has too many spots where its on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one thats especially fit for the kiddies .
its so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget joness diary .
a tough go  but leighs depth and rigor  and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness  offsets to a notable degree the films oftenmined and despairing milieu .
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that does nt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it s only a movie .
and as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
this flat run at a hiphop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
it wont be long before youll spy i spy at a video store near you .
other than a mildly engaging central romance  hospital is sickly entertainment at best and minddestroying cinematic pollution at worst .
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and .
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20thcentury footnotes .
a crude teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
the movie s progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase  fatal script error .
it s clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
spend  9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
reggios trippy  ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion  there is precious little of either .
a reasonably efficient mechanism  but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
whatever the movies sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at  listen to  and think about  it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
while much of the cast has charm  especially allodi and nolden  the performers are sunk by the films primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
jeonghyang lee s film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed .
no  i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
the story passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
it s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems  but the field of roughage dominates .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that doesnt make much sense even on its own terms .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many outsized  out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
there s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
little to elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and .
did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative  of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
i suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
sex ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler  but never mind all that  the boobs are fantasti .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers  its exploitive without being insightful .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version  this is a shameless sham  calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie  but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
the great pity is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
if you saw benigni s pinocchio at a public park  you d grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
its hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palmas addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
after the first 10 minutes  which is worth seeing  the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés  depression and bad alternative music .
are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film s production design .
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
it s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — hes understated and sardonic  shes appealingly manic and energetic  both deserve better .
mr wollter and ms seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
meandering  subaquatic mess  its so bad its good  but only if you slide in on a freebie .
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes  but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it doesnt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wildes wit and the actors performances .
this movie is something of an impostor itself  stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movies wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmakers flailing reputation .
it s not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe  but it s far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
cheapo animation lrb like saturday morning tv in the 60s rrb  a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations  the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie  its too bad that the rest isnt more compelling .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing  the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i did nt care .
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
schneider s mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isnt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
the skills of a calculus major at m  i  t  are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
give shapiro  goldman  and bolado credit for good intentions  but theres nothing here that they couldnt have done in half an hour .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude  calculated to provoke shocked laughter  without following up on a deeper level .
it s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
opens at a funeral  ends on the protagonists death bed and doesnt get much livelier in the three hours in between .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
its hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wo nt win many fans over the age of 12 .
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
the story is predictable  the jokes are typical sandler fare  and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue  but theres just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting  circuit is the awkwardly paced soap operaish story .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i m not sure could be a single iota worse  a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc   without the latters imagination  visual charm or texture .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout    by which time its impossible to care who wins .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i would nt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
a simple  sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting  but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction  impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
swimfan falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
lrb denis  rrb barebones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a 70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus  accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
very much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment  its more like entertainment for trolls .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
lets hope  shall we   that the true story by which all the queens men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than whats been cobbled together onscreen .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film s successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
theres no point in extracting the bare bones of byatts plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
if this disposable tissue has one wild card  its john turturro  whos simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
theres not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be  frank mcklusky c  i  is that movie .
been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
it doesnt do the original any particular dishonor  but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalkandslash fare  where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
its hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right theres at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
like a grinning jack o  lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
lawrence should stick to his day job  hes a better actor than a standup comedian .
i wish i could say  thank god its friday   but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
at no point during k19  the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie .
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity  a movie without an apparent audience .
of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib  but recycles the same premise .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar .
lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor  verve and fun .
just did nt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on .
it s got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it did nt entirely grab me  but .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo  windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and  along the way  expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
its as if a bored cage spent the duration of the films shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
the video work is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being naturalistic rather than carefully lit and set up  that its exhausting to watch .
spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperors club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
a pintsized  goodfellas  designed to appeal to the younger set  it s not a very good movie in any objective sense .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably wouldnt be too crazy with his greatgrandsons movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say  jane campion might have done  but at least it possesses some .
the tuxedo was nt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it   hungryman portions of bad .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb .
theres no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
plodding  poorly written  murky and weakly acted  the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target .
in a big corner office in hell  satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
once again  the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated  and a meaty plot and welldeveloped characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
yes  ballistic is silly  unfortunately  its not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
what  blade runner  would ve looked like as a lowbudget series on a uhf channel .
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horroraction hybrid .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man s quest to find an old flame .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
browns saga  like many before his  makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc s drug scene .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
fred schepisi s film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
this is for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
dying a slow death  if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
zellweger s whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
whats next  rob schneider  dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story  david spade as citizen kane .
that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
makes maryam  in the end  play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an afterschool special .
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack  or the home video of the 1992 malfitanodomingo production .
a cellophanepop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen  the fabulous stains    crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm  its only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting  wooden performances  ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
overcomes the script s flaws and envelops the audience in his character s anguish  anger and frustration .
that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
the camera whirls  the camera twirls  oh  look at that clever angle  wow  a jump cut .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema .
can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rocks fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
unlike lrb scorsese s mean streets rrb  ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that its not clear whether were supposed to shriek or laugh .
its well of thorn and vinegar  and simple humanity  has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
what we have here is nt a disaster  exactly  but a very handsomely produced letdown .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
its overreliance on genre conventions  character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and that s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise  but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcomcute  its full of throwaway oneliners  notquite jokes  and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
a girls gone wild video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation isnt a definitive countercultural document  its makers arent removed and inquisitive enough for that .
theres plenty of style in guillermo del toros sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply cant sustain more than 90 minutes .
helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
you ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
the vintage is pure 87  with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message  fatal attraction  dont have an affair with a nutjob  unfaithful  dont if youre married to one .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot  moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation  how about surprising us by trying something new .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but .
the action is reasonably welldone    yet story  character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that theyd need a shower .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay  the glacierpaced direction and the stereotypical characters .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wont fly with most intelligent viewers .
have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
while howard s appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through .
the good thing  the only good thing  about extreme ops is that its so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
who is this movie for  not kids  who dont need the lesson in repugnance  its also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are edgy .
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  it s insanely violent and very graphic .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
if you re not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
the adventure doesnt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
will have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gorefree allusions to the serial murders  but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
it s the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests its impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
lástima por schwarzenegger  pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
its a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it s nowhere near as exciting as either .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama  but it doesnt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for  and misses .
arnolds jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
is overlong and not wellacted  but credit writerproducerdirector adam watstein with finishing it at all .
to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
godard uses his characters  if that s not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
klein  charming in comedies like american pie and deadon in election  delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
not every animated film from disney will become a classic  but forgive me if ive come to expect more from this studio than some 79minute afterschool  cartoon .
lin chungs voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating  at least to this western ear   making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
ll laugh for not quite and hour and a half  but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
even fans of ismail merchant s work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
resident evil isnt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but .
the animation is competent  and some of the gags are quite funny  but jonah    never shakes the oppressive  morally superior goodforyou quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
nelsons brutally unsentimental approach    sucks the humanity from the film  leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
does nt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for lrb and misses rrb .
focuses on joans raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her  madness  so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and 9  50 on this 21st century torture device .
said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
just like the deli sandwich  lots of ham  lots of cheese  with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after  or during  consumption of its second half .
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
is depressing  ruthlessly pained and depraved  the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle  but lets just say the ingredients dont quite add up to a meal .
contrived plotting  stereotyped characters and woo s overthetop instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie s heart .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters .
in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
with the dog days of august upon us  think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
hardman is a grating  mannered onscreen presence  which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you arent very bright  then blood work is for you .
theres more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
the pace of the film is very slow lrb for obvious reasons rrb and that too becomes offputting .
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea isnt funny .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue  they still wouldnt add up to the time required to boil a four minute egg .
return to never land is much more pc than the original version lrb no more racist portraits of indians  for instance rrb  but the excitement is missing .
as it stands  theres some fine sex onscreen  and some tense arguing  but not a whole lot more .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
its hampered by a lifetimechannel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
this is a fragmented film  once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
lrb green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
releasing a film with the word dog in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang s forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
and if you appreciate the onesided theme to lawrence s overindulgent tirade  then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he doesnt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
s a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but its nowhere near as exciting as either .
with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches is nt exactly endearing .
empire ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
the characters are nt interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
it is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploe s misunderstanding of marivaux s rhythms  and mira sorvino s limitations as a classical actress .
of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
a plodding teen remake thats so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
it s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but .
it s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then  out of embarrassment or stupidity  not warning anyone .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isnt exactly kiddiefriendly… alas  santa is more hohum than hohoho and the snowman  who never gets to play that flute  has all the charm of a meltdown .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on americas kneejerk moral sanctimony  jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent    could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
theres some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
is that  even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
its stupidities wind up sticking in ones mind a lot more than the cool bits .
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
an unholy mess  driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the backstory is a little tired .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
a bold  and lovely  experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
in his role of observer of the scene  lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
the holes in this film remain agape  holes punched through by an inconsistent  meandering  and sometimes dry plot .
i m sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
the idea of 49yearold roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough  the reality of the new liveaction pinocchio he directed  cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
the film is surprisingly welldirected by brett ratner  who keeps things moving well  at least until the problematic third act .
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish  and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that its also too stupid to realize that theyve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary  hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters  and forget about any attempt at a plot .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
lacks the spirit of the previous two  and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
national lampoons van wilder may aim to be the next animal house  but it more closely resembles this years version of tomcats .
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
no amount of arty theorizing  the special effects are germanexpressionist   according to the press notes  can render it anything but laughable .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric .
skins has a right to yawp  and we have a right to our grains of salt .
the animation merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
reyes directorial debut has good things to offer  but ultimately its undone by a sloppy script .
is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms  anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and .
yes  i suppose its lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i didnt .
the beautiful  unusual music is this films chief draw  but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again  that in itself is commentary enough .
while you have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet  you re a jet all the way   it s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
trouble every day is a success in some sense  but its hard to like a film so cold and dead .
deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
there s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
overall  the film misses the brilliance of jelineks novel by some way  it settles for being merely grim .
this is a great subject for a movie  but hollywood has squandered the opportunity  using it as a prop for warmedover melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
after you laugh once lrb maybe twice rrb  you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but .
when not wallowing in its characters frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
yes  spirited away is a triumph of imagination  but it s also a failure of storytelling .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amaris film falls short in building the drama of lilias journey .
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed  haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn  neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical  detached  uninvolving  possibly prompting audience members to wonder  whats the point .
i cant say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
the result is so tame that even slightly wisedup kids would quickly change the channel .
the marquis de sade couldnt have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
the script isnt very good  not even someone as gifted as hoffman  the actor  can make it work .
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
granddad of le nouvelle vague  jeanluc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hideandseek .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawkes artistic aspirations  but he hasnt yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
not at all clear what its trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting .
in between all the emotional seesawing  it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but ultimately you ll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
report card  does nt live up to the exalted tagline  there s definite room for improvement .
like the world of his film  hartley created a monster but did nt know how to handle it .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine  it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
its neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy  but it has its moments .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
its refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
yet another entry in the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
the movie  directed by mick jackson  leaves no cliche unturned  from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
if a few good men told us that we  cant handle the truth  than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we  dont care about the truth .
and it s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
ive had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot  expertly cast  paced with crisp professionalism    and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterdays weather report .
lyne s latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
the adventure does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
authentic account of a historical event that s far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
wes craven s presence is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
you can see the wouldbe surprises coming a mile away  and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer  thumbs down .
s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple doesnt mean you have to check your brain at the door  the same should go for movie theaters .
with an unusual protagonist  a kiltwearing jackson  and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and bfilm thuggery .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film .
its unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibsons braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
if you value your time and money  find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite  predictable rehash .
loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
the films final hour  where nearly all the previous unseen material resides  is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
lets issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good .
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
rymer does nt trust laughs  and does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film  but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan s platinumblonde hair .
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
im not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothings happening  or the part where somethings happening  but its stupid .
if youve been to more than one indie flick in your life  chances are youve already seen this kind of thing .
bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
this mistyeyed southern nostalgia piece  in treading the line between sappy and sanguine  winds up mired in teardrenched quicksand .
nonsensical  dull  cyberhorror  flick is a grim  hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
it s not the worst comedy of the year  but it certainly wo nt win any honors .
might have been better off as a documentary  with less of mr  eyres uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
festers in just such a dungpile that youd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
theres only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability  all you have left .
what s missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens  deviant behaviour .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mindmaybe too much .
he s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
were left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go  but it never quite gets there .
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
the film didnt move me one way or the other  but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
too loud  too long and too frantic by half  die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over  tunnel under or barrel through .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight  next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
can be classified as one of those alternate reality movies    except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
although no pastry is violated  this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
its difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai  despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantino s climactic shootout  and .
for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
there are many definitions of time waster but this movie must surely be one of them .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy .
of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
this is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
it might not be 1970s animation  but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it  we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
return to never land is much more p  c  than the original version  no more racist portraits of indians  for instance   but the excitement is missing .
burns fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
though the book runs only about 300 pages  it is so densely packed    that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr  schepisis seems skimpy and unclear .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking man s monster movie .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time  something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about  you re far better served by the source material .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
a loud  lowbudget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism  urban drama .
at three hours and with very little story or character development  there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome  in the wrong hands  i  e  peploes  its simply unbearable .
schmaltzy and unfunny  adam sandlers cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad  little nicky bad  10 worst list bad .
for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works .
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
the movies gloomy atmosphere is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself doesnt stand a ghost of a chance .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
after you laugh once  maybe twice   you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
the cast is so lowwattage that none of the characters comes off as big    and the setting remains indistinct .
lee treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects  and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring  widesmiling reception .
theres a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole miss in the way of story .
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
stevens is so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it .
nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of americas indigenous people  but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper thats neither original nor terribly funny .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainbergs adaptation of mary gaitskills harrowing short story    is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
what mightve been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
but the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
limps along on a squirminducing fishoutofwater formula that goes nowhere and goes there very  very slowly .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid  insensitive people who take turns hurting each other  its a featurelength adaptation of one of those  can this marriage be saved   columns from ladies home journal .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy  but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
this time mr  burns is trying something in the martin scorsese streetrealist mode  but his selfregarding sentimentality trips him up again .
jason x is positively antidarwinian  nine sequels and 400 years later  the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on autopilot .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it doesnt .
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glasss dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
i cant quite recommend it  its too patched together  but i almost can  its the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea is nt funny .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and .
so faithful to the doldrums of the notquiteurban  notquitesuburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
wellmeaning to a fault  antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one mans triumph of will into everymans romance comedy .
despite a bluechip cast and a provocative title  writerdirector peter matteis first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in fauxcontemporary gravy .
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright  then blood work is for you .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for  it s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
a negligible work of manipulation  an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilttrip parents .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies    footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
if disney s cinderella proved that  a dream is a wish your heart makes   then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio s wallet makes .
ca nt remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
glib  satirical documentary that fudges facts  makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
the thing about guys like evans is this  you re never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins .
like a highbrow  lowkey  102minute infomercial  blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
does nt get the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
quite frankly  i cant see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
this wouldbe james bond for the extreme generation pic is one big  dumb action movie  stress dumb .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work  but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
van wilder has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
sheridan    smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niros righthand goombah .
he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
as with too many studio pics  plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighterthanair adventure .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row  the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs  sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
this romanticcomedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
for making a florid biopic about mad queens  obsessive relationships  and rampant adultery so dull .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler  there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
you leave feeling like you ve endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
too long  and larded with exposition  this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
if youve ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies  what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
a mix of velocity and idiocy  this ruinous remake lacks the brawn  and the brains  of the 1970s original .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior  circuit gets drawn into the party .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
though excessively tiresome  the uncertainty principle  as verbally pretentious as the title may be  has its handful of redeeming features  as long as you discount its ability to bore .
stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
like its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through  the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull  braindeadening hangover .
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex founders on its own preciousness  and squanders its beautiful women .
denis oneills script avoids the prime sports cliche  a lastsecond goal to win the championship  but it neglects few others .
overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
not even solondz s thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
its rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline  everything thats good is ultimately scuttled by a plot thats just too boring and obvious .
a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard  which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog  is that its not as obnoxious as tom greens freddie got fingered .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hiphop sorely disappointed .
build some robots  haul em to the theatre with you for the late show  and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
when the precise nature of matthews predicament finally comes into sharp focus  the revelation fails to justify the buildup .
if youre a crocodile hunter fan  youll enjoy at least the  real  portions of the film  if youre looking for a story  dont bother .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion .
despite auteuils performance  its a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
s a wonder that he could nt have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
a sterling film  a cross between boys dont cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the directors previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning  future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter .
what they re doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you  this movie is 90 minutes long  and life is too short .
watch barbershop again if you re in need of a cube fix  this is nt worth sitting through .
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
it makes me feel weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler s latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen  his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent  and thats sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
when in doubt  the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip  or else a doggie winks .
bad company leaves a bad taste  not only because of its badluck timing  but also the staleness of its script .
the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet  for benigni it wasnt shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio  it might as well have been problem child iv .
ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movies edges .
since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable  but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
it all drags on so interminably its like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
allens best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers  and circles it obsessively  without making contact .
dawdles and drags when it should pop  it doesnt even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
it s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and .
leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
good for a few unintentional laughs   extreme ops  was obviously made for the  xxx  crowd  people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting  writing  and direction .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tvs dawsons creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea  but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
coarse  cliched and clunky  this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
to the filmmakers  ivan is a prince of a fellow  but he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
a goodlooking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been  it s just a kids  flick .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
the dose is strong and funny  for the first 15 minutes anyway  after that  the potency wanes dramatically .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
this film s impressive performances and adept direction are nt likely to leave a lasting impression .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction  and even then his tone retains a genteel  prepschool quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
birots directorial debut  she cowrote the script with christophe honoré  isnt so much bad as it is bland .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and its all over his chelsea walls .
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry  witherspoon is just too dialedup to be americas sweetheart .
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the film is way too full of itself  its stuffy and pretentious in a givemeanoscar kind of way .
for a film about explosions and death and spies   ballistic  ecks vs  sever  seems as safe as a childrens film  well  in some of those  the mother deer even dies .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
the name says it all  jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
it s sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
is the time really ripe for a warmedover james bond adventure  with a village idiot as the 007 clone .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year  you d have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr  deeds was to that of frank capra .
a little less extreme than in the past  with longer exposition sequences between them  and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
labute cant avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  hes changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novels exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies  and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middleaged character .
feels like nothing quite so much as a middleaged moviemakers attempt to surround himself with beautiful  halfnaked women .
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
do nt look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
it is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
a movie just for friday fans  critics be damned  if you already like this sort of thing  this is that sort of thing all over again .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
watching trouble every day  at least if you dont know whats coming  is like biting into what looks like a juicy  delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
corpus collosum  while undeniably interesting  wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout  is that its a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
all the movie s narrative gymnastics ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills  suspense  and gore for video games  the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
zaidans script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming  it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
theres something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids movie    that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
despite apparent motives to the contrary  it ends up being  like seinfelds revered tv show  about pretty much nothing .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisles walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
nelson s intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses  but nonetheless it drags during its 112minute length .
may look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
were dylan thomas alive to witness firsttime director ethan hawke s strained chelsea walls  he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
with mcconaughey in an entirely ironyfree zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids .
simply put  there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
s a frankensteinmonster of a film that does nt know what it wants to be .
a tired  unnecessary retread  a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
harrisons flowers puts its heart in the right place  but its brains are in no particular place at all .
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
new best friend shouldnt have gone straight to video  it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
its fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
i ca nt say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting its worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2  purportedly a children s movie  is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
certainly beautiful to look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
it cant decide if it wants to be a mysterythriller  a romance or a comedy .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and it goes nowhere .
the star who helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summers new action film   the sum of all fears .
the story has its redundancies  and the young actors  not very experienced  are sometimes inexpressive .
its supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
few of the increasingly farfetched events that firsttime writerdirector neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing  which is a pity  considering barrys terrific performance .
some of their jokes work  but most fail miserably and in the end  pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though its trying to set the womens liberation movement back 20 years .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos hadnt blown them all up .
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while youre watching this ultramanipulative thriller .
too ordinary to restore harmon to prominence  despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
its too long  too repetitive  and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
though certainly original in form  altar boys requires a taste for swamp thingtype animation  doubled with a deafening score .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
let s face it  there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café  overhearing a bunch of typical latetwentysomethings natter on about nothing  and desperately wishing you could change tables .
a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
one big laugh  three or four mild giggles  and a whole lot of not much else .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didnt reserve enough for his second .
shankman  and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
though tom shadyac s film kicks off spookily enough  around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
theres a reason the studio didnt offer an advance screening   the adventures of pluto nash  is a big time stinker .
an uneven look into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k dick stories .
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchies lock  stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod  hes unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
this isnt just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby  its the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kungfu scifi movie with silly action sequences .
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
it takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about  so here it is  its about a family of sour immortals .
it s not a bad plot  but  unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
what more can be expected from a college comedy thats target audience hasnt graduated from junior high school .
a long  dull procession of despair  set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
national lampoons van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movies rude and crude humor .
sweet gentle jesus  did the screenwriters just do a cutandpaste of every bad actionmovie line in history .
to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts .
that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer  if youre looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  youll need a stronger stomach than us .
lrb lin chung s rrb voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
loosely speaking  were in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
it probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
for every articulate player  such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources  bad mixture .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director  but how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
theres a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philips repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in the characters misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum  where viewers would be free to leave  immediately .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
just like hearsts enormous yacht  its slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way  theres nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
plays like one long  meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy  the film becomes predictably conventional .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
human nature  in short  is nt nearly as funny as it thinks it is  neither is it as smart .
conforms itself with creating a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
they presume their audience wont sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
its impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard  eileen walsh  when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
an earnest  heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives  its also heavyhanded and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer s secondhand material .
as conceived by mr  schaeffer  christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriters outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
the film s darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
while you have to admit its semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when youre a jet  youre a jet all the way   its equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
if you are curious to see the darker side of whats going on with young tv actors  dawson leery did what      or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but theres nothing very attractive about this movie .
to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenlooper s approach to the material is too upbeat .
adam sandler s 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
to work  love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer  that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
the master of disguise falls under the category of should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but its a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
for all its social and political potential  state property does nt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al  reno devolves into a laughfree lecture .
pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
what s infuriating about full frontal is that it s too close to real life to make sense .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  its too long and it goes nowhere .
an empty exercise  a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the film s predictable denouement .
if youre really renting this youre not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices  youre interested in anne geddes  john grisham  and thomas kincaid .
carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
when your subject is illusion versus reality  shouldnt the reality seem at least passably real .
theres no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
walsh cant quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janices behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
for the future  one hopes mr  plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
its so underwritten that you cant figure out just where the other characters  including anas father and grandfather  come down on the issue of anas future .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
whenever you think youve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end  but  no  we get another scene  and then another  you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and youve imagined the ring .
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
the boys sparring  like the succession of blows dumped on guei  wears down the storys more cerebral  and likable  plot elements .
for all its alleged youthful fire  xxx is no less subservient to bonds tired formula of guns  girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
lrb t rrb he script is nt up to the level of the direction  nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
say that after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
its also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline  and once the initial high wears off  the films shortcomings start to shine through .
the production values are up there  the use of cgi and digital inkandpaint make the thing look really slick  the voices are fine as well  the problem  it is with most of these things  is the script .
its salient points are simultaneously buried  drowned and smothered in the excesses of writerdirector roger avary .
jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric  scream .
often silly – and gross – but its rarely as moronic as some campus grossout films .
seem less of a trifle if ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
white hasnt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
director byler may yet have a great movie in him  but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
burns  fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success    but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
in its chicken heart  crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
just a big mess of a movie  full of images and events  but no tension or surprise .
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters  this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since its been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
this version of h  g  wells time machine was directed by h  g  wells greatgrandson  they should have found orson welles greatgrandson .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
too often  the viewer isnt reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
whats the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle  well  its not as pathetic as the animal .
tries too hard to be funny in a way thats too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp .
a film that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
the picture s cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
to build a feelgood fantasy around a vain dictatormadman is offputting  to say the least  not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but theyre often undone by howards selfconscious attempts to find a literary filmmaking style to match his subject .
where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child s interest and an adult s patience .
get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
do nt get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
everything that s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that s just too boring and obvious .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the years radar screen that its tempting just to go with it for the ride  but this time  the old mib label stands for milder isnt better .
there s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
piccoli s performance is amazing  yes  but the symbols of loss and denial and lifeatarm s  length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
at best this is a film for the under7 crowd  but it would be better to wait for the video  and a very rainy day .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
the movie turns out to be assayas homage to the gallic tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
synthetic  is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart  very meticulously but without any passion .
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie  you know the picture is in trouble .
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other  but in the end  it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficulttoswallow setting  and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it s offensive  but that it s boring .
cant get enough of libidinous young city dwellers  try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but they re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art theyre struggling to create .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart  mind or humor of its own .
resurrection is nt exactly quality cinema  but it is nt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
not at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting .
haneke s script lrb from elfriede jelinek s novel rrb is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c  walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
it collapses when mr taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller s rush .
offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wont much care about .
oftdescribed as the antidote to american pietype sex comedies  it actually has a bundle in common with them  as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof  which they is nt  it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much aint shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
the movie s plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
is put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
it s painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
it s just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  it s just grating .
kwan makes the mixand match metaphors intriguing  while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
rob schneiders infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it  if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution  this is it .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
despite the surface attractions  conrad l  halls cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  theres something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and  no matter how broomfield dresses it up  it tends to speculation  conspiracy theories or  at best  circumstantial evidence .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche  its a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
its a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones  but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his selfdeprecating act against murphys wellhoned prima donna shtick .
less worrying about covering all the drama in fridas life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled  when the twist endings were actually surprising  when the violence actually shocked  when the heroes were actually under 40  sadly  as blood work proves  that was a long  long time ago .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake  but he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long youve been sitting still .
while the new film is much more eyecatching than its blooddrenched stephen norringtondirected predecessor  the new script by the returning david s  goyer is much sillier .
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
frida is certainly no disaster  but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a movie that cant get sufficient distance from leroys delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
by no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act  it still comes off as a touching  transcendent love story .
all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
theres something unintentionally comic in the films drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
it may be an easy swipe to take  but this barbershop just doesnt make the cut .
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
this illconceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
he s just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery  and the film seems as deflated as he does .
did the film inform and educate me  yes  did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia  no  and that is where ararat went astray .
the kids just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film  without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writerdirector himself .
its tough  astringent  darkly funny and    well  its also generic  untidy  condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this  i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies  underwear .
mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
by the final whistle you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film .
there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one mans quest to find an old flame .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story  but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
this is a thirdperson story now  told by hollywood  and much more ordinary for it .
a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
s far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
heres a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director s previous work .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed  the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science .
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark  a popinfluenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
but even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
roger michell  who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england  gets too artsy in his american debut .
luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside  the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude  it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls  his film is a frat boys idea of a good time .
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and thats a bad sign when theyre supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
the most horrific movie experience ive had since  cant stop the music   it may as well be called  jarjar binks  the movie   its that painful .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film  but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasnt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens  novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
feels as if  theres  a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are  no real plot  no real conflict  no real point .
there might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
theres no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joans prefeminist plight  so were left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
lazily directed by charles stone iii  from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
although estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
synthetic is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking  joyless  idiotic  annoying  heavyhanded  visually atrocious  and often downright creepy .
were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
it plays like a bigbudget  afterschool special with a generous cast  who at times lift the material from its wellmeaning clunkiness .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
even if it ultimately disappoints  the picture does have about a matinee admissions worth of funny to keep it afloat .
it s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
here  common sense flies out the window  along with the hail of bullets  none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
the sort of picture in which  whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do  they go to a pictureperfect beach during sunset .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito s early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
overly stylized with lots of flash blackwhite freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudohip luxury car commercial   its  at its worst when its actually inside the ring .
cassavetes thinks he s making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
when the film ended  i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
adults  other than the parents    will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly wasnt feeling any of it .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants    who might be distracted by the movies quick movements and sounds .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that doesnt mean it still wont feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
in other words  about as bad a film you re likely to see all year .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos  but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
lrb carvey s rrb characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
whats most offensive isnt the waste of a good cast  but the films denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the masondixon line .
two fairly dull  contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18thcentury canada  and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
eight legged freaks wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
theres a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
catalog every bodily fluids gag in there s something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of  eh .
love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs  sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory  impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
completely awful iranian drama  as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
so earnest and wellmeaning  and so stocked with talent  that you almost forget the sheer  ponderous awfulness of its script .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers  a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the film has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
as underwater ghost stories go  below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom  but wasnt able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
it is that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous films successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled  others will find their humorseeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
both shrill and soporific  and because everything is repeated five or six times  it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess  in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
in its own way  joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latters attendant intelligence  poetry  passion  and genius .
all the queen s men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
suffers from overfamiliarity since hithungry british filmmakers have stripmined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
the phone rings and a voice tells you youve got seven days left to live  then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isnt back at blockbuster before midnight  youre going to face frightening late fees  o  k   not really .
jackson and bledel seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
to say this was done better in wilders some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
the film is so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
judd s characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
theres no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic  and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
carvey s rubberface routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
expect to be reminded of other  better films  especially seven  which director william malone slavishly copies .
s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
wouldnt it be nice if all guys got a taste of what its like on the other side of the bra .
if we dont demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose  we deserve the trash that we get .
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demmes perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesypie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood postproduction effects .
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says  if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
true to its animatronic roots     as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus    the country bears should never have been brought out of hibernation .
what you would end up with if you took orwell  bradbury  kafka  george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender  but thats just the problem with it  the director hasnt added enough of his own ingredients .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
a semiautobiographical film thats so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on  chelsea walls is a tripleespresso endurance challenge .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i did nt .
this rough trade punchandjudy act did nt play well then and it plays worse now .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time  providing no real sense of suspense .
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
the cartoon that isnt really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isnt really good enough to be in theaters .
the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
the biggest problem i have  other than the very sluggish pace  is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
the movie is like scorseses mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old juvenile delinquent paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
stephen earnharts documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text – when its really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
a ripoff twice removed  modeled after lrb seagal s rrb earlier copycat under siege  sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
the action switches between past and present  but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125year divide .
terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
dont hate el crimen del padre amaro because its anticatholic  hate it because its lousy .
all the small moments and flashbacks do nt add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
the leads are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancers secondhand material .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times  but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and .
a notsodivine secrets of the yaya sisterhood with a hefty helping of refried green tomatoes .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen  then laughs at how clever its being .
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
outside of burger s desire to make some kind of film  it s really unclear why this project was undertaken .
its a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
not only are the films sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this were doingitfor thecash sequel were .
the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavyhanded melodrama .
well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four sixpacks and a pitcher of margaritas in  but the film must have been written    in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence  but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is  perhaps it snuck under my feet .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the film feels formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perrys boss  there isnt a redeeming moment here .
he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous films historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but .
jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
loosely speaking  we re in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really does nt have much to say beyond the news .
a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad .
is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding .
these selfstyled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks  at least during their 70s heyday  comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
the santa clause 2 s plot may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
this movie is so bad  that it s almost worth seeing because it s so bad .
is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
it s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
wobbly senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it  and  of course  feeling guilty for it     then  miracle of miracles  the movie does a flipflop .
has its moments  but ultimately  its curmudgeon doesnt quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
for a film that celebrates radical  nonconformist values  what to do in case of fire  lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional  reserved kind of filmmaking .
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer .
its difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script  but heres guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
it s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
a sciencefiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
like the excruciating end of days  collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure  but .
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors    by shoving them into every clichéd whitetrash situation imaginable .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
twentythree movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career  clint eastwoods efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him  big time .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
one that s been told by countless filmmakers about italian   chinese   irish   latin   indian   russian .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor  but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they re simply not funny performers .
s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that he s a disloyal satyr .
that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  crane becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and .
wes cravens presence is felt  not the craven of a nightmare on elm street or the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of deadly friend .
than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
the movie  while beautiful  feels labored  with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
the movies vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
this idea has lost its originality    and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a onejoke picture .
enigma is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable  a waste of good performances .
heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
its the kind of movie that ends up festooning u  s  art house screens for no reason other than the fact that its in french  well  mostly  with english subtitles and is magically significant because of that .
has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirtyjoke book done up in posttarantino popculture riffs .
present ah na s life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
anthony hopkins  big deal  weve already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal  and it was better the first time .
like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
martin lawrence live  is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and  perhaps unwittingly  relating it to what is happening in america in 2002  but hardtobelieve plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
during the tuxedo s 90 minutes of screen time  there is nt one true  chan moment .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the storys promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
the best you can say about it is its so uninspired  it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart .
dragonfly has no atmosphere  no tension  nothing but costner  flailing away  its a buggy drag .
matrix   style massacres erupt throughout  but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafkainspired philosophy .
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
could nt someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person .
its getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isnt laughing with us  folks  its laughing at us .
be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
a dimwitted and lazy spinoff of the animal planet documentary series  crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than youd expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources  bad mixture .
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
made me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
pretension  in its own way  is a form of bravery  for this reason and this reason only  the power of its own steadfast  hoitytoity convictions  chelsea walls deserves a medal .
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho s .
this redo is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that  ironically  it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
long before it s over  you ll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
could as easily have been called under siege 3  in alcatraz    a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
the concept is a hoot  the trailer is a riot  the movie is a dud .
nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it were nt .
theres suspension of disbelief and then theres bad screenwriting    this film packs a wallop of the latter .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete  as if the real story starts just around the corner .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great  i m not  and then i realized that i just did nt care .
feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness .
this picture is mostly a lump of runofthemill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
the movie is genial but never inspired  and little about it will stay with you .
does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word  mindless  lifeless  meandering  loud  painful  obnoxious .
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
life or something like it has its share of high points  but it misses too many opportunities .
his lrb nelson s rrb screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
directorchef gabriele muccino keeps it fast  zippy  comin at ya  as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story s promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
theres surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
portentous and pretentious  the weight of water is appropriately titled  given the heavyhandedness of it drama .
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini  madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
its always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic  unfortunately  thats precisely what arthur dongs family fundamentals does .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
its not that kung pow isnt funny some of the time  it just isnt any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves  without all oedekerks impish augmentation .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
its generic villains lack any intrigue  other than their funny accents  and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
one of those strained caper movies thats hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
britney spears phoniness is nothing compared to the movies contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
despite all the talking  by the time the bloody climax arrives we still dont feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new  selfdeprecating level .
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing  who is cletis tout  is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days   or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
a frustrating tweener  too slick  contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  franco has all of deans mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character  we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
being unique doesnt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
anyone who can count to five  the films target market   can see where this dumbeddown concoction is going .
its a boombox of a movie that might have been titled the loud and the ludicrous    the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop  comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
im sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
the editing is chaotic  the photography grainy and badly focused  the writing unintentionally hilarious  the direction unfocused  the performances as wooden .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
lrb stevens is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
it doesnt help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video  giving the whole thing a dirty  tasteless feel .
of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
this starts off with a 1950 s doris day feel and it gets very ugly  very fast .
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
there s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i cant remember a single name responsible for it .
an earnest racialissues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era  say  the 60s .
hey arnold  the movie could have been made 40 years ago  and parents appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
its the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens  when it comes out on video  then its the perfect cure for insomnia .
a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
its of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie  six days  seven nights  maybe  or that dreadful sabrina remake .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller  you know death is lurking around the corner  just waiting to spoil things .
two big things are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
tartakovskys team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
the films bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washingtons fine performance in the title role .
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or .
does nt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
this slop doesnt even have potential as a cult film  as its too loud to shout insults at the screen .
as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldnt work without all those gimmicks .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage  the images lack contrast  are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
they are nt able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced  it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
the efforts of its star  kline  to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the pictures cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
paul bettany is good at being the ultraviolent gangster wannabe  but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
highly uneven and inconsistent    margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven  anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
the story itself is uninteresting  and the songs are painfully undistinguished  they might be giants so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady   but  the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax thats scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
its hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie  and its harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
lrb the kid s rrb just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion grandeur shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einsteins brain .
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
the screenplay  cowritten by director imogen kimmel  lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but .
everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper  with special effects tossed in .
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
even in terms of the lowgrade cheese standards on which it operates  it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
helmer devito    attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics  payola  vice  murder  kids tv and revenge .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isnt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one s appetite for the bollywood films .
passion  lipsynching  tragedy  and lots of really really high notes  for me  this opera isnt a favorite  so its a long time before the fat lady sings .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
about half of them are funny  a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story  which is paperthin and decidedly unoriginal .
because the villain could nt pick the lint off borg queen alice krige s cape  and finishes half a parsec lrb a nose rrb ahead of generations .
like most of jaglom s films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something .
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
the redeeming feature of chan s films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  what s worse  routine .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon  pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two  likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
who  exactly  is fighting whom here  ah  yes  that would be me  fighting off the urge to doze .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then theres always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
a film that plays things so nice n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
there s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
this film  starring anthony hopkins and chris rock  is your typical fish out of water story  youve seen them a million times  just one problem  fish out of water usually die  this one does .
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
credit must be given to harland williams  michael rosenbaum and barry watson  who inject far more goodnatured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves .
too stupid to be satire  too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise  frank novaks irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soulkilling as its title is nearly meaningless .
shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
has a long and clunky ending    which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudoserious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audiences awkward silence .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this  it s not scary in the slightest .
rob schneider s infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers .
if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix  i have just one word for you   decasia .
it s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise  it isnt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschoolers fancy  but when it costs a family of four about 40 to see a film in theaters  why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
merely  and literally  tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at womens expense .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
i suspect that youll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it  if you go  pack your knitting needles .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse  and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape  is overkill to the highest degree .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise  but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
evans is a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
while the film is competent  its also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i ca nt compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
both stars manage to be funny  but  like the recent i spy  the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
holland lets things peter out midway  but its notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art  its an unhappy situation all around .
re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese  but it doesnt need gangs of new york .
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants  who might be distracted by the movie s quick movements and sounds .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really doesnt have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
theres some outrageously creative action in the transporter    but by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck  its just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
terminally bland  painfully slow and needlessly confusing    the movie  shot on digital videotape rather than film  is frequently indecipherable .
lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
like a mediumgrade network sitcommostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation    well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
although sensitive to a fault  it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
it s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
in a strange way  egoyan has done too much  hes worked too hard on this movie .
is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
not counting a few grossout comedies i ve been trying to forget  this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
like a documentary version of fight club  shorn of social insight  intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and smalltown america .
is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
it s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
directed in a flashy  empty submusic video style by a director so selfpossessed he actually adds a period to his first name .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but .
so few movies explore religion that its disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
it does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke  you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and la to that end  they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
outside of burgers desire to make some kind of film  its really unclear why this project was undertaken .
one of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca nt wait to see end .
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
too bad writerdirector adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagles carpets .
the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
the direction  by george hickenlooper  has no snap to it  no wiseacre crackle or hardbitten cynicism .
more dutiful than enchanting    terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
nicks  seemingly uncertain whats going to make people laugh  runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
call me a cynic  but theres something awfully deadly about any movie with a lifeaffirming message .
its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of grossout flicks  college flicks  or even flicks in general .
kung pow is oedekerks realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
for a film that s being advertised as a comedy  sweet home alabama is nt as funny as you d hoped .
it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
like those to rome  all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawns breasts  which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
a fitfully amusing romp that  if nothing else  will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star  frankie muniz .
you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding  quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging  the question remains whether this should  indeed  have been presented as a theatrical release .
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
once the audience figure out whats being said  the filmmakers relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it s based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced    its a pity that nelsons achievement doesnt match his ambition .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that youre dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting  then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then youre in for a painful ride .
for all its social and political potential  state property doesnt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard lrb which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog rrb is that it s not as obnoxious as tom green s freddie got fingered .
plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
typical animé  with cheapo animation  like saturday morning tv in the 60s   a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
mark me down as a nonbeliever in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
i wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom s selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  it s still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks  he doesnt  however  deliver nearly enough of the shows trademark style and flash .
despite slick production values and director roger michells ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
there s no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out  so he just slopped  em together here .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors  even kingsley  are made to look bad .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain  but the movies narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as ive seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
partnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting  the catch is that theyre stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix  there is no real reason to see it  wait for video  and then dont rent it .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
feels as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  it s one of the worst of the entire franchise .
green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
the films darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
for its 100 minutes running time  you ll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore  if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
it s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
bread  my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it  it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate  i admit it  i hate to like it .
the holiday message of the 37minute santa vs the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention .
characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
it doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
you see robert de niro singing  and dancing to  west side story show tunes  choose your reaction  a   that sure is funny  b   that sure is pathetic .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex .
cuba gooding jr valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs  but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
none of these characters resembles anyone youve ever met in real life  unless you happen to know annoyingly selfinvolved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the films interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy  rape and suspected murder .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
when the first few villians are introduced as  spider  and  snake  you know youre in for a real winner  creativity at its peak .
its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families .
go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon  palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
for the most part  i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphys better performances in one of his lesserpraised movies .
is nt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
is badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the charms of willful eccentricity  at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay  are beginning to wear a bit thin .
at its best  queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the 60s  at its worst  it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
its hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there  its dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
ai nt a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it s hilarious .
this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeare s macbeth does nt sustain a high enough level of invention .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this isnt .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows  if you wanted to make as antikieslowski a pun as possible  suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
morrissettes script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit  but it doesnt signify a whole lot either .
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want  but .
maybe its the star power of the cast or the redundant messages  but something aboul  full frontal  seems  well  contrived .
a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man s body .
nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s .
its supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffectedindiefilm mode  and brother hoffman s script stumbles over a lateinning twist that just does nt make sense .
it is a comedy thats not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling  and an uneasy alliance  at that .
is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
such a wildly uneven hitandmiss enterprise  you cant help suspecting that it was improvised on a daytoday basis during production .
instead go rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
lrb johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
veras technical prowess ends up selling his film short  he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck  preferably a semi .
might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
i dont even care that theres no plot in this antonio banderaslucy liu faceoff  its still terrible .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but .
an oftendeadly boring  strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach .
despite suffering a senseofhumour failure  the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
a light  engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower i  q  than when i had entered .
its so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting  macabre sets  and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of godards vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
a sleepinducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
if you believe any of this  i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids  television and plot threads .
that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior    circuit gets drawn into the party .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture cant quite conceal that theres nothing resembling a spine here .
boyd s screenplay lrb cowritten with guardian hack nick davies rrb has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum  a rumor of angels doesnt just slip  it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
whenever you think you ve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end .
in the wake of saving private ryan  black hawk down and we were soldiers  you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
stare and sniffle  respectively  as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen    his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
