pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
it s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
like shrek  spirit s visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
i dont think ive been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamotos iron man .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audiences spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i do nt know what she s doing in here .
to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then .
the quiet american isnt a bad film  its just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
alice s adventure through the looking glass and into zombieland  is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
spielbergs first real masterpiece  it deserved all the hearts it won  and wins still  20 years later .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know there s something there .
despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
it understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago    has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
flavorful and romantic  you could call this how martha got her groove back  assuming  that is  she ever had one to begin with .
a fine film  but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies  as hannibal would say  yes  its like having an old friend for dinner .
it s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
lrb f rrb rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
at the films centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone  but it holds you with its outrageousness .
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages  spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that is nt afraid to admit it .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there  for everybody who wants to be a kid again  or show it to their own kids .
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
she s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
charles entertaining film chronicles seinfelds return to standup comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom  alongside wannabe comic adams attempts to get his shot at the big time .
it s an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure .
its no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
for decades weve marveled at disneys rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world  prepare to marvel again .
here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
shamelessly resorting to peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myers energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
though the story    is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality its one tough rock .
comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
methodical  measured  and gently tedious in its comedy  secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why its so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
one would be hardpressed to find a movie with a bigger  fatter heart than barbershop .
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but huppert s volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
it s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
an animation landmark as monumental as disneys 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
it s hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious cho still feels like a promising workinprogress .
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
a comprehensive and provocative film  one that pushes the boundaries of biography  and challenges its audience .
with the films striking ending  one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
the lowkey direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense  claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
youll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and  perhaps  give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
its sobering  particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily  or soon .
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness  making them meaningful for both kids and churchwary adults .
look at morality  family  and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we ve long associated with washington the actor .
s an unusual  thoughtful biodrama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting  but theyll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
a fanciful drama about napoleon s last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwoods loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging  suffering and the prospect of death .
its excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best old neighborhood project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
scherfig  the writerdirector  has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar  yes  soar .
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry bmovie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie  roses film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
those prone to indignation need not apply  those susceptible to blue hilarity  step right up .
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movies darker turns .
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the minimodmadness of 60s spy movies .
this englishlanguage version    does full honor to miyazakis teeming and often unsettling landscape  and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting  chops  and they take full advantage .
when it s not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
a little uneven to be the cat s meow  but it s good enough to be the purr .
hey  happy  is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all its a love story as sanguine as its title .
runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
its a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movies end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
while its nothing we havent seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that its more than a worthwhile effort .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored  audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
from the opening strains of the average white band s  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
its grossout gags and colorful set pieces    are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half  still  it gets the job done  a sleepy afternoon rental .
vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
what s most memorable about circuit is that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeares plays .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans  but by no means all  will have fun with .
directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
its crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
late marriage is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
mandel holland s direction is uninspired  and his scripting unsurprising  but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning .
oddly  the film isnt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone thats alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
the film is a blunt indictment  part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts    but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama  but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the movie isnt always easy to look at  but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life  than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
ultimately  the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts lifes stasis .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that lifes ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced  its affecting  amusing  sad and reflective .
originality aint on the menu  but theres never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its notsostock characters .
theres real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
the film s centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb delivers a magnetic performance .
while the film is not entirely successful  it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but there s only one problem .
son of the bride may be a good halfhour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction  its flamelike  roiling blackandwhite inspires trembling and gratitude .
last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
while broomfields film doesnt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
if you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
in the end  punchdrunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did  sometimes  thats enough .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it .
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who  having survived  suffered most .
is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end    you almost dont notice the 129minute running time .
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
birot creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral  its a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that he s the best brush in the business .
newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
there s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and it s certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
cqs reflection of artists and the love of cinemaandself suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
its good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
it s crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
a very wellmeaning movie  and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
spectacular in every sense of the word  even if you don  t know an orc from a urukhai .
it wo nt hold up over the long haul  but in the moment  finch s tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
cute  funny  heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids  lots of injokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story doesnt have a single surprise up its sleeve  but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining .
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life .
ambition is in short supply in the cinema  and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters crises with seriousness and compassion .
doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
its unnerving to see recoings bizzarre reaction to his unemployment  good film  but very glum .
it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
the film is painfully authentic  and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
less the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did  with a serious minded patience  respect and affection .
a sweet  tender sermon about a 12yearold welsh boy more curious about god than girls  who learns that believing in something does matter .
holland lets things peter out midway  but it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity thats perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand .
a spunky  original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
its plotless  shapeless  and yet  it must be admitted  not entirely humorless  indeed  the more outrageous bits achieve a shockyouintolaughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way .
s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
though jackson doesnt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape  it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
the film s images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochets crimes a political context  his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
is rrb one of the few reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
smiths point is simple and obvious  peoples homes are extensions of themselves  and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces  but his subjects are charmers .
measured against practically any likethemed film other than its oscarsweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs  red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages .
its a demented kitsch mess  although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative   but its savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
tavernier s film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and .
a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure  and this is a better film than his earlier englishlanguage movie  the overpraised elizabeth .
nairs cast is so large its altmanesque  but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
fifty years after the fact  the world s political situation seems little different  and lrb director phillip rrb noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
the series  message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent  as do the girls  amusing personalities .
more than their unique residences  home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers .
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button  just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
the film doesnt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
fresh and raw like a blownout vein  narc takes a walkingdead  copflick subgenre and beats new life into it .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  were wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
as an introduction to the mans theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  its invaluable .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and .
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
brian tufano s handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky s excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject  you experience it as you watch .
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place .
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
jacquot s strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene  and then it caved in .
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
exciting and direct  with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
waiting for godard can be fruitful   in praise of love  is the director s epitaph for himself .
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
martin scorcese s gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year .
a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
plays up the cartoon s more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
a drawling  slobbering  lovable runon sentence of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
lrb ramsay rrb visually transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning .
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
now as a former gong show addict  i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame .
pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but they re treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum  her tough  funny  rather chaotic show isnt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film s conclusion powerful and satisfying .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller  the film gets great laughs  but never at the expense of its characters .
it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
compleja e intelectualmente retadora  el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
a hip ride into hypertime  clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fastpaced contemporary society .
it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal .
that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
the 3d vistas from orbit  with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe  are stanzas of breathtaking  aweinspiring visual poetry .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and  some plot blips aside  stays there for the duration .
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
for once  a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
the characters are complex and quirky  but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
kwan is a master of shadow  quietude  and room noise  and lan yu is a disarmingly livedin movie .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
the overall effect is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you ve actually spent time living in another community .
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  it s very much like life itself .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
drug abuse  infidelity and death arent usually comedy fare  but turpins film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
this story still seems timely and important  and theres an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greenes story ends .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
an inspiring and heartaffecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u  s  relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy  hope and despair  about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
mr  deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
is rather the way it introduces you to new  fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
hugh grant  who has a good line in charm  has never been more charming than in about a boy .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully  this remains a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions  but this kind of material is more effective on stage  its not a motion picture  its an utterly static picture .
this is dicaprios best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
a smart  provocative drama that does the nearly impossible  it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms it s inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
now trimmed by about 20 minutes  this lavish threeyearold production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grownup escapism .
its almost impossible not to be moved by the movies depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in postsoviet russia .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
if this story must be told and retold  and indeed it must  then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
may be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
theres enough science to make it count as educational  and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey  featuring a pathetic  endearing hero who is all too human .
by applying definition to both sides of the man  the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite  friends will be friends through thick and thin .
as much as it is for angelique  the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
as a girlmeetsgirl romantic comedy  kissing jessica steinis quirky  charming and often hilarious  yet its not quite the genrebusting film its been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
rogerss mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable    and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
there s real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland  sinister  though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie  machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
the cockettes provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film  but the story and theme make up for it .
blisteringly rude  scarily funny  sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys  the film has in kieran culkin a pitchperfect holden .
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie    tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
i d be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
yakusho  as always  is wonderful as the longfaced sad sack    and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon  which  at last count  numbered 52 different versions .
this beguiling belgian fable  very much its own droll and delicate little film  has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother .
jacquots strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances    while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
the genius of the work speaks volumes  offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
its worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom  and at times  the startling optimism  of the children .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs  slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
shortstory quaint  touchingly mending a childs pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac .
if youve ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like  here it is .
is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
its great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
if youve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart  this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film  the result is a powerful  naturally dramatic piece of lowbudget filmmaking .
a minor work yet theres no denying the potency of millers strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become selfmade celebrity athletes  a lowdown version of the american dream .
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
steven soderbergh s digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast  it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
the way the roundelay of partners functions  and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gatorbashing are consistently delightful .
works because  for the most part  it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
s a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payamis boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot    a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
its as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors  and the costumes and sets are grand .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it werent true  this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trashcinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
while bollywoodhollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals  it also has plenty for those lrb like me rrb who are nt .
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve  the cockettes werent as much about gender  sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel  connect and create .
the casting of raymond j  barry as the assassin greatly enhances the quality of neil burgers impressive fake documentary .
it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
to the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
it s a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it is nt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
with wit and empathy to spare  waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters striving solipsism .
nairs attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongueincheek weirdness  those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
call it magic realism or surrealism  but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thoughtprovoking as it .
suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
a lifesize reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances  it has considerable charm .
with  bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
i admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
i dont know precisely what to make of steven soderberghs full frontal  though that didnt stop me from enjoying much of it .
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
what s so striking about jolie s performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
this kind of handson storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
a full experience  a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not  strictly speaking  qualify as revolutionary  but its defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas andersons magnolia and david lynchs mulholland dr .
the concert footage is stirring  the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity  this quality band may pick up new admirers .
a biopic about cranes life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail  baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch  a haunting ode to humanity .
then you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
at once emotional and richly analytical  the cosbyseinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose  larky documentary .
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format  in a word  no .
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called the gift of tears .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  its waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
parker holds true to wildes own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning  and no desire to be anything but a polished  sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
its a humble effort  but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos  especially between morgan and redgrave .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
what could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
once the downward spiral comes to pass  auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera .
offers copious hints along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had  godfrey reggios career shines like a lonely beacon .
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting chops and they take full advantage .
based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
zhang yimou delivers warm  genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty  but because they genuinely believe its the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic  but its too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge  a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
lrb p rrb artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of  emotional recovery .
road to perdition does display greatness  and its worth seeing  but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows its won .
transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
remove spiderman the movie from its red herring surroundings and it s apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light  yet unsentimental  touch .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies  and  theres no way you wont be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
that dogged good will of the parents and vain jias defoliation of ego  make the film touching despite some doldrums .
susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze .
its up to you to decide whether to admire these peoples dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standups im the one that i want .
jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
dont judge this one too soon  its a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins thats hard to resist .
its compelling mix of trial movie  escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
caruso sometimes descends into subtarantino cuteness  but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
more concerned with sades ideas than with his actions  the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as    quills did by showing them .
provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
a witty  trenchant  wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
works because we re never sure if ohlinger s on the level or merely a dying  delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myer s energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
campanellas competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafaels evolution .
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh s best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  ocean s eleven .
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
sometimes charming  sometimes infuriating  this argentinean  dramedy  succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workmans grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery .
a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
until  the  superfluous    epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
its easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrooks foundation and dalrymples film earn their uplift .
gives us a lot to chew on  but not all of it has been properly digested .
this horrorcomedy doesnt go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheaplooking monsters  unless you count elviras hooters .
for anyone who remembers the 60s or is interested in one mans response to stroke  ram dass  fierce grace is worth seeking out .
that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
the sociohistopolitical treatise is told in earnest strides    and personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
an endlessly fascinating  landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound  the way we like our 20yearold superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy .
in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
the films real appeal wont be to clooney fans or adventure buffs  but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
its a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
has the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes    almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself .
the lightest  most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade  and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv  they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional carwreck .
an inventive  absorbing movie thats as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
the largeformat film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
as part of mr  dongs continuing exploration of homosexuality in america  family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
the unique niche of selfcritical  behindthescenes navelgazing kaufman has carved from orleans  story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
the story gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more seriousminded concerns of other yearend movies .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies .
this may not have the dramatic gutwrenching impact of other holocaust films  but its a compelling story  mainly because of the way its told by the people who were there .
it celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
an enthralling  playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the truth about this man  while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will  hopefully  be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australias film history .
this indepth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
a romantic comedy  yes  but one with characters who think and talk about their goals  and are working on hard decisions .
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tourdeforce  and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill .
the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
lan yu is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
it s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
all right  so it s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallaces flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
it s a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys  regardless of their ages .
really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer s bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
its insights into the dream world of teen life  and its electronic expression through cyber culture .
to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
better than the tepid star trek  insurrection  falls short of first contact because the villain couldnt pick the lint off borg queen alice kriges cape  and finishes half a parsec  a nose  ahead of generations .
with each of her three protagonists  miller eloquently captures the moment when a womans life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if it s far tamer than advertised .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
theres no clear picture of who killed bob crane  but heres a glimpse at his life .
whenever you think you ve figured out late marriage  it throws you for a loop .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters  i thought the relationships were wonderful  the comedy was funny  and the love real .
a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
a brain twister  less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
stay clear of reminding yourself that its a  true story  and youre likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
the storylines are woven together skilfully  the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking  and the overall experience is awesome .
with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
its a glorious spectacle like those d  w  griffith made in the early days of silent film .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
in other words  its just another sports dramacharacter study  yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness  plus  like i already mentioned    its robert duvall  cmon .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m  night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
apart from anything else  this is one of the bestsustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
the thing about guys like evans is this  youre never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins  but as you watch the movie  youre too interested to care .
at its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
this new zealand comingofage movie isnt really about anything  when its this rich and luscious  who cares .
returning director rob minkoff    and screenwriter bruce joel rubin    have done a fine job of updating whites dry wit to a new age .
shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style .
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care .
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
the film occasionally tries the viewers patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
its up to watts to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end  we are undeniably touched .
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
dark and unrepentant  this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
precocious smarterthanthou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive  rightwing  proprietyobsessed family  anyone else seen this before .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
laughoutloud lines  adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances  and sparkling  bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl s dilemma .
worth watching for dong jies performance  and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
jaeeun jeongs take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
do we really need a 77minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15yearold boy and a 40yearold woman doesnt work .
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he s understated and sardonic  she s appealingly manic and energetic .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle  instead  he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
planos fijos  tomas largas  un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes  sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wont be disappointed .
it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie doesnt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen  noyces greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli  ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
max pokes  provokes  takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve    as far as art is concerned  its mission accomplished .
remains aloft not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
below may not mark mr twohy s emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
city reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of analyze this  1999  and analyze that   promised  or threatened  for later this year .
s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
a very witty take on change  risk and romance  and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
if it s unnerving suspense you re after  you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
kinnear    gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of lifes ultimate losers .
a moody  multidimensional love story and scifi mystery  solaris is a thoughtprovoking  haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works  but coppola  along with his sister  sofia  is a real filmmaker  it must be in the genes .
but mostly it s a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
simone  is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
you dont know whether to admire the films stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace  or both .
unfolds with such a wallop of youarethere immediacy that when the bullets start to fly  your first instinct is to duck .
while it has definite weaknesses  like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it s going to be a trip .
its a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
shanghai ghetto  much stranger than any fiction  brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times .
scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
those who are nt put off by the film s austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat s fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges  its so clever you want to hate it  but he somehow pulls it off .
such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
all comedy is subversive  but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
rose s film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
transcends its agenda to deliver aweinspiring  at times sublime  visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derringdo puts the x into the games .
spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england  and ably captures the speech patterns  moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them  and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and .
not everything works  but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young womans tragic odyssey .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject .
some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
m happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
arliss howards ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
as the princess  sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat  ben kingsley is truly funny  playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times  this crowdpleasers fresh dialogue  energetic music  and goodnatured spunk are often infectious .
this enthralling documentary    is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain  fifty years after the fact  the worlds political situation seems little different  and director phillip noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
overall  cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
its not going to be everyones bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like youve actually spent time living in another community .
s definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it does nt take itself so deadly seriously .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure  a stalker thriller  and a condensed season of tvs big brother .
your response to its new sequel  analyze that  may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
happily  some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude  for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s .
being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett s familiar quotations .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
a gracious  eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
no  its not as singleminded as john carpenters original  but its sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
there is enough originality in life to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
somewhere short of tremors on the modern bscene  neither as funny nor as clever  though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
a riveting profile of law enforcement  and a visceral  nasty journey into an urban hades .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallaces maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
washington overcomes the scripts flaws and envelops the audience in his characters anguish  anger and frustration .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman s warmest .
the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
with bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
the messy emotions raging throughout this threehour effort are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer s block ever .
is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience  and a wonderful allages triumph besides  is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge .
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who dont object to the description  unelected  have suspected all along  george w  bush is an incurious  uncharismatic  overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
it is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
its one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it s like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
lrb shyamalan rrb continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as youll ever find of why art matters  and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing  but .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy  but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
its not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality  and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
despite bessons highprofile name being wasabis big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the films thoroughly winning tone .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there  well worth the time .
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities   but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago  but on imax it seems better  not just bigger .
keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb and .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper lrb and better rrb than pink floyd tickets .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss delicate  clever direction    and a wonderful  imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story .
with three excellent principal singers  a youthful and goodlooking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations  its enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai lrb of all places rrb served jews who escaped the holocaust .
the movie does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures  its far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
a journey through memory  a celebration of living  and a sobering rumination on fatality  classism  and ignorance .
a beguiling  slowmoving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
one of the most original american productions this year  you ll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
the cast is topnotch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of  iris  or  american beauty   but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
gangs  despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
davis  gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
in auteils less dramatic but equally incisive performance  hes a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
overall  it s a very entertaining  thoughtprovoking film with a simple message  god is love .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
lrb kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code  and as a flawed human being who ca nt quite live up to it .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just whos being conned right up to the finale .
this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790s  one imagines the result would look like something like this .
an operatic  sprawling picture thats entertainingly acted  magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170minute length .
is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here .
passionate  irrational  longsuffering but cruel as a tarantula  helga figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie  and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the films lamer instincts are in the saddle .
seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
s fun  wispy  wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall s intense freight train of a film .
bubba hotep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesnt deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
judith and zazas extended bedroom sequence    is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
not a cozy or ingratiating work  but its challenging  sometimes clever  and always interesting  and those are reasons enough to see it .
campanella s competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
another love story in 2002 s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothbally stuff and made a rather sturdy  oldfashioned entertainment out of it .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
this engrossing  characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
lrb d rrb espite its familiar subject matter  ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing .
the irony is that this film s cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed  but skeptics are nt likely to enter the theater .
other than the slightly flawed lrb and fairly unbelievable rrb finale  everything else is top shelf .
the result is somewhat satisfying  it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that wasnt at least watchable  but its also disappointing to a certain degree .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niro s righthand goombah .
by surrounding us with hyperartificiality  haynes makes us see familiar issues  like racism and homophobia  in a fresh way .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of  it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
a tender and touching drama  based on the true story of a troubled africanamericans quest to come to terms with his origins  reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
you should pay nine bucks for this  because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected  dramas like this make it human .
singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms  is a nonstop hoot .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg  michael j  wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right  and then step wrong .
see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music .
somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skatesurf culture  the l  a  beach scene and the imaginative  and sometimes illegal  ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
hugh grant s act is so consuming that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the u  s   a major director is emerging in world cinema .
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathosfilled but ultimately lifeaffirming finale  martin is a masterfully conducted work .
who is the audience for cletis tout  anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but it s certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
lrb shyamalan rrb turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script s bad ideas and awkwardness .
of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
i found myself liking the film  though in this case one mans treasure could prove to be another mans garbage .
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
it s all stitched together with energy  intelligence and verve  enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
has a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments  but it s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
no  it s not as singleminded as john carpenter s original  but it s sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
there s none of the happilyever  after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and that s part of what makes dover kosashvili s outstanding feature debut so potent .
it s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
newton draws our attention like a magnet  and acts circles around her better known costar  mark wahlberg .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
with notorious cho cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
the cast    keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog s works  invincible shows he s back in form  with an astoundingly rich film .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the years best acting  personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
the film tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  its impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  we re wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
it has its faults  but it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
although it doesnt always hang together  violence and whimsy dont combine easily   cherish  certainly isnt dull .
mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
with this masterful  flawless film  lrb wang rrb emerges in the front ranks of china s now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo  com o perdão do trocadilho   não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life  but .
witherspoon puts to rest her valleygirl image  but it s dench who really steals the show .
a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
kinnear  gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
the movie is full of fine performances  led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel  his wife .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but .
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
although estela bravos documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro  its still a guilty pleasure to watch .
a thriller with an edge  which is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket .
it s up to lrb watts rrb to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and .
all in all  its a pretty good execution of a story thats a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
aside from rohmer s bold choices regarding point of view  the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker s lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz  spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves its never too late to learn .
wendigo  larry fessenden s spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power  as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
it s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and in this film  every shot enhances the excellent performances .
lrb gayton s script rrb telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
be called a solid success  although there s plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
a comedydrama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
as the two leads  lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles  but dont be fooled  nobody deserves any prizes here .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
its a setup so easy it borders on facile  but keeping the film from cheapshot mediocrity is its crack cast .
that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
drops you into a dizzying  volatile  pressurecooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control  while focusing on the what much more than the why .
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion  our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
its an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
because the genre is well established  what makes the movie fresh is smart writing  skewed characters  and the title performance by kieran culkin .
has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
more intimate than spectacular  e  t  is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
halloween  resurrection isnt exactly quality cinema  but it isnt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply .
will be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
the scripts snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
despite its flaws    belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the people in dogtown and zboys are so funny  aggressive and alive  you have to watch them because you cant wait to see what they do next .
we ve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
gai comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and  yes  most intimidating form .
you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
despite its flaws  belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists .
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film doesnt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopezs most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians .
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
it s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
is haunting  lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tians meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
woven together handsomely  recalling sixties  rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do nt look back .
here s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st  petersburgs hermitage museum .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
much credit must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart  their work is fantastic .
of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
williams plays sy  another of his openfaced  smiling madmen  like the killer in insomnia  he does this so well you dont have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
the director  steven shainberg  has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters  making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
if anything  the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the charm of the first movie is still there  and the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
not far beneath the surface  this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the companys previous video work .
raimis matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though its one of the most plain white toast comic book films youll ever see .
s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
its secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
it suggests the wideranging effects of media manipulation  from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media    to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orleans themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
very amusing  not the usual route in a thriller  and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
despite the film s bizarre developments  hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas  wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and hell be your slave for a year .
ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
is dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness .
though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
it picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the films problems .
salma goes native and shes never been better in this colorful biopic of a mexican icon .
a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
babyfaced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored    audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop  its a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
the journey is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
spiced with humor  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand  and witty updatings  silvers parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy  it doesnt disappoint .
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
the film is hard to dismiss  moody  thoughtful  and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely .
it s sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
berling and béart    continue to impress  and isabelle huppert    again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
painful to watch  but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the years most accomplished and riveting film performances .
it gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
one surefire way to get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
for more than two decades mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin americas most oppressive regimes .
while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture  the journey doesnt really go anywhere .
this is what imax was made for  strap on a pair of 3d goggles  shut out the real world  and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier  space .
this humbling little film  fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
it s a beautiful film  full of elaborate and twisted characters  and it s also pretty funny .
it s a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood biopic  schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one mans downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
its pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
if you can push on through the slow spots  youll be rewarded with some fine acting .
even if you ve seen  stomp  lrb the stage show rrb  you still have to see this .
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and .
you ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work  and in each other  shines through every frame .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual twodimensional offerings .
is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control .
lrb clooney s rrb debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined  but it has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
the determination of pinochets victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzmans camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy  but i had a pretty good time with this movie  despite its myriad flaws .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good  freundlichs world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
below may not mark mr  twohys emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
romanek keeps the film constantly taut    reflecting the characters instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving  heartbeatlike score .
its clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body  so original is its content  look  and style .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves it s never too late to learn .
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
a brilliant  absurd collection of vignettes that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor  sensuality  and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
like a child with an important message to tell  lrb skins  rrb faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar .
on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
heres yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep  but taken as a stylish and energetic oneshot  the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middleaged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters  this one is for you .
on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
is given life when a selection appears in its final form lrb in  last dance  rrb .
hart s war has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson .
brown sugar  admirably aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
as commanderinchief of this film  bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys  and its therapeutic to laugh along with them .
even if the rides a little bumpy  with a final lap thats all too suspiciously smooth  you gotta give director roger michell  best known for the superfluous notting hill  credit for trying .
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
a pointed  often tender  examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
if you re down for a silly hackandslash flick  you can do no wrong with jason x .
writer director m  night shyamalans ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesnt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
while it can be a bit repetitive  overall it s an entertaining and informative documentary .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original  but it doesnt disgrace it  either .
the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
of pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydneys darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and hovering over some of the most not .
davis    gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
despite these annoyances  the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film .
though its story is only surface deep  the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation  its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
its a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
sure  its more of the same  but as the film proves  thats not always a bad thing .
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
when you think youve figured out bielinskys great game  thats when youre in the most trouble  hes the con  and youre just the mark .
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
japans premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
the result puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldnt care less .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial  cashin features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us  and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia  donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables .
not a bad choice here  assuming that    the airconditioning in the theater is working properly .
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
it s a familiar story  but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
if you like blood  guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though    you will likely enjoy this monster .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year  as each of them searches for their place in the world  miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking  flawed humanity .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the 70s  the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
even when he s not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play  the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinskys cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr  nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
gooding is the energetic frontman  and its hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
a sweettempered comedy that forgoes the kneejerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
nothings at stake  just a twisty doublecross you can smell a mile awaystill  the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
scotland looks wonderful  the fans are often funny fanatics  the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago  has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
this delicately observed story  deeply felt and masterfully stylized  is a triumph for its maverick director .
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film  a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it .
without de niro  city by the sea would slip under the waves  he drags it back  singlehanded .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but its also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
the film is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators .
an often watchable  though goofy and lurid  blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt s cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever  amusing and unpredictable .
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like  divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood   except that the writing  acting and character development are a lot better .
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wisemans warmest .
you wont believe much of it  but you will laugh at the audacity  at the whos who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
beating the austin powers films at their own game  this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
smith examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
with we were soldiers  hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year  she should get all five .
a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso  sia lacks visual flair  but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
to newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
its a hoot and a half  and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when hes not giving the same 15cent stump speech .
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois  tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski  that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and .
something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the twodrinkminimum crowd .
occasionally funny and consistently odd  and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
it s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and egodestroying process of unemployment  time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
what sets ms birot s film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
this readymade midnight movie probably wont stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  its goofy  if not entirely wholesome  fun .
this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america    sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
if you want to see a train wreck that you cant look away from  then look no further  because here it is .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
an effectively creepy  fearinducing  not fearreducing  film from japanese director hideo nakata  who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
still pretentious and filled with subtext  but entertaining enough at face value to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski  it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
writer  director m night shyamalan s ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
director nalin pan doesnt do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other  he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works  no question .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and .
it s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
a highly spirited  imaginative kid s movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because he s afraid of his bestknown creation .
i do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
this movie may not have the highest production values you ve ever seen  but it s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
in all fairness  i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
an unusually dryeyed  even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
terrific performances  great to look at  and funny  a little uneven to be the cats meow  but its good enough to be the purr .
it s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
style crosscountry adventure  it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
unfortunately  it appears that jackie chans us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
mike white s deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make  the good girl  a film worth watching .
writerdirector alexander payne  election  and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly .
lrb jeff s rrb gorgeous  fluid compositions  underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams s melancholy music  are charged with metaphor  but rarely easy  obvious or selfindulgent .
shot in rich  shadowy blackandwhite  devils chronicles  with increasingly amused irony  the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
writerdirectors mehtas effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture  the intoxicating masala  of cultures and film genres .
signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
what dumb and dumber would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent  lifeaffirming script .
surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedars time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation  it does so without compromising that complexity .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories  but theyre each interesting  the movie is well shot and very tragic  and one to ponder after the credits roll .
if you can push on through the slow spots  you ll be rewarded with some fine acting .
this enthralling documentary  is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institutionacted mostly by the actual people involved .
are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music  there are slow and repetitive parts  but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual  the film is typical miike  fast  furious and full of offthecuff imaginative flourishes .
an energizing  intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching  or turntablism  in particular .
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue  betrayal  deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
even if you dont think kissingers any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen  hed sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
fessendens narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
in a normal screen process  these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel  but in imax 3d  the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar gorgeousness .
villeneuve seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhangs last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
the film s highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it cant help but engage an audience .
a gripping  searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
not only is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
if you come from a family that eats  meddles  argues  laughs  kibbitzes and fights together  then go see this delightful comedy .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting isnt  either  and you wouldnt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group  and never fails to entertain .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the heros odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
the four feathers has rewards  from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
the importance of being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartletts familiar quotations .
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
happily for mr  chin  though unhappily for his subjects  the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
bourne  jason bourne  he can scale a building like a super hero  he can outstealth any agent  hell get the girl  hes super spy .
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
even if you re an agnostic carnivore  you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and he ll be your slave for a year .
nicholsons understated performance is wonderful  as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences hes neglected over the years .
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating  albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
rare is the urban comedy that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes  like sirk  but differently  has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze  and it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
the movie is a blast of educational energy  as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
unlike most surf movies  blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
it may not be history – but then again  what if it is  – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies ive had in a while .
you wont like roger  but you will quickly recognize him  and thats a big part of why we go to the movies .
work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like you ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
a venturesome  beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its firsttime feature director s understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
its the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
it s a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
a truly moving experience  and a perfect example of how art  when done right  can help heal  clarify  and comfort .
from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
if youre like me  a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat  then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext thats so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but against all odds  nothing does .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results  last dance  whatever its flaws  fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether  in this case  thats true .
is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here  matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
this is cool  slick stuff  ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
whether or not you buy mr broomfield s findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
barbershop  is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust .
easier to respect than enthuse over  anderssons rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
lrb allen s rrb best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural  why didnt hollywood think of this sooner .
s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching    gives a human face to whats often discussed in purely abstract terms .
but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground  perhaps too much  but ties things together  neatly  by the end .
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
this is a terrific character study  a probe into the life of a complex man .
s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
a crisp psychological drama and a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family s attempts to heal after the death of a child .
frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
at its best    festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
has generic virtues  and despite a lot of involved talent  seems done by the numbers .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new yorks finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
certainly the big finish was nt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for  but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and .
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
a simple  but gritty and wellacted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
a strong script  powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
visually imaginative  thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful  it takes us on a rollercoaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddieflick sentimentality .
gulpilil is a commanding screen presence  and his characters abundant humanism makes him the films moral compass .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times  to save their children and yet to lose them .
kosminsky    puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
biggie and tupac is so singlemindedly daring  it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
sure  it s contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings  directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
the art direction is often exquisite  and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
as a revenge thriller  the movie is serviceable  but it doesnt really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and .
s best dramatic performance to date lrb is rrb almost enough to lift lrb this rrb thrillkill catandmouser  above its paintbynumbers plot .
its an interesting effort  particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts   and barrys coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
this is not chabrols best  but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
for its seriousness  high literary aspirations and stunning acting  the film can only be applauded .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
stephen earnharts film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
as a good oldfashioned adventure for kids  spirit  stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
call me a wimp  but i cried  not once  but three times in this animated sweet film .
yes  mibii is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
it s burns  visuals  characters and his punchy dialogue  not his plot  that carry waydowntown .
this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
imagine o  henrys bthe gift of the magib relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nycs drug scene  merry friggin christmas .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental picture shows .
slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
henry bean s thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story  like  say  treasure planet  or soso animation and an exciting  clever story with a batch of appealing characters  ill take the latter every time .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nairs film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
if you havent seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielbergs work  much of it is funny  but there are also some startling  surrealistic moments .
a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
it s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
we ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed  it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece  but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
lrb gosling s rrb combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex  unpredictable character .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one cant help but think hed appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this comingofage story restraint as well as warmth .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
ratliffs two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations  and this film is part of that delicate canon .
metaphors abound  but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
is there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning  you bet there is and its what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
i walked away from this new version of et just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo  it is not what you see  it is what you think you see .
children  christian or otherwise  deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can  it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera s attention to detail .
harvard man is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm  thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand taverniers oftbrilliant safe conduct   laissezpasser   wears its heart on its sleeve .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
mike whites deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make   the good girl  a film worth watching .
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
if a big musical number like praise the lord  hes the god of second chances doesnt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
has a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
though the film is wellintentioned  one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
spielberg s picture is smarter and subtler than lrb total recall and blade runner rrb  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedydrama that should bolster director and cowriter juan josé campanellas reputation in the united states .
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages  a trend long overdue .
you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable  the director s experiment is a successful one .
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
bon appétit  just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and .
an action cartoon that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
highbrow selfappointed guardians of culture need not apply  but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy followup .
to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent  seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes  but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two .
for a good chunk of its running time  trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but its encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged womans experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
more intimate than spectacular  et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
brosnan is more feral in this film than ive seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
after an uncertain start  murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullocks memorable first interrogation of gosling .
the film s strength is nt in its details  but in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
theres very little sense to whats going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bards immortal plays were written by somebody else .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girlmeetsgirl love story  but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allens romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
its anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound selfevaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets .
despite besson s highprofile name being wasabi s big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
the films desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
canada s arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
a different movie  sometimes tedious  by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters .
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirit that the theme does nt drag an audience down .
but if you liked the previous movies in the series  you ll have a good time with this one too .
it is the sheer  selfish  woundlicking  barscrapping doggedness of leons struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion  despite its patchy construction .
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
el título no engaña  la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad  y donde el sexo es .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
it may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
i m sure mainstream audiences will be baffled  but  for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
im happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who  in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude  knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nailbiting thriller  its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema  he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue  this method almost never fails him  and it works superbly here .
this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
for veggietales fans  this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus  if youre not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
it s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
absorbing and disturbing  perhaps more disturbing than originally intended  but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle  seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times  then found its sweet spot .
full of profound  reallife moments that anyone can relate to  it deserves a wide audience .
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic lowbudget film noir movie .
say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
openminded kids  kids who read  kids who dream  will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
its been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations    are rewarded by brutal  committed performances from huppert and magimel .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie  it s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
what elevates the movie above the runofthemill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
matches neorealisms impact by showing the humanity of a wartorn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
for 95 often hilarious minutes  cho riffs on the diciness of colonics  on straight versus gay personal ads  on how men would act if they had periods  and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that jaglom pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film  i m the one that i want  in 2000 .
it s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
everyones insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
drawing on an irresistible  languid romanticism  byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
e  t  works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
macdowell    gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else shes ever done .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and .
the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
its quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest  promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
it s a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that hes the best brush in the business .
go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
it s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well  everything is delivered with such conviction that it s hard not to be carried away .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager s uncomfortable class resentment and  in turn  his selfinflicted retaliation .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedmans similarly updated 1970 british production .
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and they ve told a nice little story in the process .
coppolas directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  it s impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity .
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
the films unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths  entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
entertaining despite its onejoke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is nt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided  it s the image that really tells the tale .
will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
this readymade midnight movie probably wo nt stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  it s goofy lrb if not entirely wholesome rrb fun .
are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby  but believe it or not  its one of the most beautiful  evocative works ive seen .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and camron seal the deal .
it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
conceptually brilliant  plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
those who do nt entirely  get  godard s distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
if you liked such movies as notting hill  four weddings and a funeral  bridget jones diary or high fidelity  then you wont want to miss about a boy .
who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
of the bride s humour is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
rich in atmosphere of the postwar art world  it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
this amiable picture talks tough  but its all bluster  in the end its as sweet as greenfingers .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  it s the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdettes dialogue .
to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
like other great documentaries    this goes after one truth  the ford administrations complicity in tearing orphans from their mothers  and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
the crime matters less than the characters  although the filmmakers supply enough complications  close calls and doublecrosses to satisfy us .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and .
rogers s mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
in death to smoochy  we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
whats surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middleagers who stumble into a relationship and then .
do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
filled with alexandre desplat s haunting and sublime music  the movie completely transfixes the audience .
the huskies are beautiful  the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive  fiercely competitive world of hiphop djs  the project is sensational and revelatory  even if scratching makes you itch .
a rollicking ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
s a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
if you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then you re at the right film .
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy  resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo nt care .
would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
both exude an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
whether or not you buy mr  broomfields findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr  broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter  was .
managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever  charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its selfdramatizing characters .
the sweetest thing  a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies  may be a mess in a lot of ways  but it does have one saving grace  a lot of its gags and observations reflect a womans pointofview .
to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
whether or not you re enlightened by any of derrida s lectures on  the other  and  the self   derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy .
reminiscent of 1992 s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses  its also full of sharp  smart satire .
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom  wisdom that comes with experience  it has fun being grown up .
its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash  and youll be glad you went along for the ride .
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us  if horses could fly  this is surely what theyd look like .
the film has just enough of everything  reenactments  archival footage  talkinghead interviews  and the music is simply sublime .
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevensons treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgraths version of nicholas nickleby left me feeling refreshed and hopeful  not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
s an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
it further declares its director  zhang yang of shower  as a boldly experimental  contemporary stylist with a bright future .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world  pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible  which forces us to confront whats possible and what we might do to make it so .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope  yet in its own aloof  unreachable way its so fascinating you wont be able to look away for a second .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist  not to mention gently political  meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
altogether  this is successful as a film  while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
its about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think thats what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
apart is the vision that taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  whos finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
in the directors cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
at just over an hour  home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though  you will likely enjoy this monster .
is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  its about a very human one .
but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine  dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral  pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
despite its shortcomings  girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and it s a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
the stunning  dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for eurofilm pretension .
its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity  the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director s previous popcorn work .
serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
i like this movie a lot  i like that smith  hes not making fun of these people  hes not laughing at them .
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy  kinky fun .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film .
compelling as it is exotic  fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue  treachery and murder .
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times  it s awfully entertaining to watch .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and .
in the director s cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
theres not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm  effortless  pleasurable  featherweight charm .
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
has an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe its all true .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line  what s best about drumline is its energy .
who needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass  satin rouge shows that the idea of womens selfactualization knows few continental divides .
peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
the music makes a nice album  the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be  but it s still quite worth seeing .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva  the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller  until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex  generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso s chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
there is a beautiful  aching sadness to it all  paul cox needed to show it  it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while  before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon  anyway .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
it s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
a lighthearted  feelgood film that embraces the timehonored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds  theres no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
hailed as a clever exercise in neohitchcockianism  this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
its no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults  as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it s going  but if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions .
is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
some may choose to interpret the film s end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
the movies captivating details are all in the performances  from foremans barkingmad taylor to thewliss smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowells hardeyed gangster .
s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
it s an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie werent as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle  though somewhat less hardhitting at the start and finish .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently  but peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
the emperor s club  ruthless in its own placid way  finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
arthouse to the core  read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
the films heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closedoff nationalist reality .
sure  i hated myself in the morning  but then again  i hate myself most mornings  i still like moonlight mile  better judgment be damned .
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grownups from squirming in their seats .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls  and .
real women may have many agendas  but it also will win you over  in a big way .
cuts right through the b  s  giving a big middlefingered  shut up  to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
dog soldiers doesnt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
both flawed and delayed  martin scorceses gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
the bodily function jokes are about what youd expect  but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
s the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgrath s version of  nicholas nickleby  left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
not to like about a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
american musical comedy as we know it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
if youre in a mind set for goofy comedy  the troopers will entertain with their gross outs  bawdy comedy and head games .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting  but few will find the movie .
this is a nervy  risky film  and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
plenty of warmth to go around  with music and laughter and the love of family .
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again  but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
this is one of mr  chabrols subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
you ve already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles  but it s worth yet another visit .
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony  and george ratliffs documentary  hell house  reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film .
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
the culmination of everyones efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form in  last dance .
in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
whats most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedydrama and its relaxed  naturalseeming actors .
fred schepisi s tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
a jawdroppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
while it s nothing we have nt seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet its potentially just as rewarding .
via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
me without you has a bracing truth thats refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
a giggleinducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscarwinners  susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony  but its worth the concentration .
is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
based on dave barry s popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
its not just a feelgood movie  its a feel movie  you feel good  you feel sad  you feel pissed off  but in the end  you feel alive  which is what they did .
perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that  although flawed  is to be commended for its straightahead approach to creepiness .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  theyll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
its the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers dont make often enough .
a lot of the credit for the film s winning tone must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
davis  candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization  marred only by an inexplicable  utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in .
watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
a smart and funny  albeit sometimes superficial  cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
this 90minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thoughtprovoking than i d expected it to be .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might  thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible  its very beavis and butthead  yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive  yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast  as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
theres no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film    or the emotional integrity of the performances .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society    might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pastafagioli comedy .
it s a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure  as long as you do nt try to look too deep into the story .
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
despite its flaws  secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
while dark water isnt a complete wash  no pun intended   watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
red dragon  is entertaining  an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made  how could it not be  but it is entertaining on an inferior level  it is a popcorn film  not a mustown  or even a mustsee .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f  kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue  this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable  their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered   theres something vital about the movie .
its rare to find a film to which the adjective gentle applies  but the word perfectly describes pauline  paulette .
as relationships shift  director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
although i didnt hate this one  its not very good either  it can be safely recommended as a videodvd babysitter .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a mans right to raise his own children .
both lead performances are oscarsize  quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie  and moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun  wasabi is a good place to start .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
as lofi as the special effects are  the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
mark pellington s latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
combines sharp comedy  oldfashioned monster movie atmospherics  and genuine heart to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags  outlandish color schemes  and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artists career .
goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
may take its sweet time to get wherever its going  but if you have the patience for it  you wont feel like its wasted yours .
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept lrb aliens come to earth rrb and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
swimming is above all about a young womans face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that womans doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
rohmer s drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh s book trainspotting .
its not particularly subtle    however  it still manages to build to a terrifying  if obvious  conclusion .
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
its an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated  stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera .
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
much of all about lily chouchou is mesmerizing  some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying  the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio  nor does it offer much in the way of barris motivations  but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i cant wait for the sequel .
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
its hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but its equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once its started .
are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  its a spirited film and a mustsee .
canadian filmmaker gary burns inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
the sundance film festival has become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing  tadpole was one of the films so declared this year  but its really more of the next pretty good thing .
in its understanding  often funny way  it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
with youthful high spirits  tautou remains captivating throughout micheles religious and romantic quests  and she is backed by a likable cast .
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
it s still a comic book  but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes  insecure  uncontrolled  and intense .
it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
gay or straight  kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
some body will take you places you have nt been  and also places you have .
mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world thats often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
although tender and touching  the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
it s pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
for a movie audience  the hours doesnt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kidsandfamilyoriented cable channel .
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones s diary .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
hardly an objective documentary  but its great cinematic polemic    love moore or loathe him  youve got to admire    the intensity with which hes willing to express his convictions .
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context .
its a nicely detailed world of pawns  bishops and kings  of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american hosts and their guests .
whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis  of the power of inertia to arrest development in a deadend existence .
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits .
a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
madeup lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on americas skindeep notions of pulchritude .
stevens vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
it was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
it s not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of nonactors and a gritty  nobudget approach .
an impressive debut for firsttime writerdirector mark romanek  especially considering his background is in music video .
the story is a rather simplistic one  grief drives her  love drives him  and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place  it struck a chord in me .
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
you need nt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes  work .
campanella gets the tone just right  funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
the ring  is pretty much an englishlanguage copy of the film that inspired it  and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
scotland  pa would be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
a sly game of cat and mouse thats intense and thrilling at times  but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
pray doesnt have a passion for the material  he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a thirdact plot development is somewhat melodramatic  its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
a grittily beautiful film that looks  sounds  and feels more like an extended  openended poem than a traditionally structured story .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grants own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
its a testament to the films considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries  theres a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls .
about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do  and the experience is profound  the hours is what movies are supposed to be .
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
this surreal gilliamesque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes  a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challengehungry moviegoers .
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
o último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional  a do drama familiar .
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens  wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the hero s odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
a graceful  contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
but tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented  and based on three short films and two features  heres betting her third feature will be something to behold .
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
the film delivers what it promises  a look at the  wild ride  that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose  ivans xtc  is one of this years very best pictures .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
s a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud    and parmentier .
of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a moving and weighty depiction of one familys attempts to heal after the death of a child .
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
lrb while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
evokes the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamets  house of games  and last falls  heist  so much fun .
it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character  it is now .
as far as mainstream matineestyle entertainment goes  it does a bangup job of pleasing the crowds .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in baran .
there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
a story we havent seen on the big screen before  and its a story that we as americans  and human beings  should know .
nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death .
home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and im all for that .
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
playfully profound  and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
an undeniably gorgeous  terminally smitten document of a troubadour  his acolytes  and the triumph of his band .
cannon s confidence and laidback good spirits are  with the drumming routines  among the film s saving graces .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccanns revolution no  9 .
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
if youre burnt out on its a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie youre looking for  it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
films about loss  grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days  seen in that light  moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody  and to belong to somebody .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average students selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
s telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed  this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
anchored by friel and williamss exceptional performances  the films power lies in its complexity  nothing is black and white .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america s indigenous people  but .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry  but .
a visceral sense of its characters  lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above  what could have been a melodramatic  lifetime channelstyle anthology .
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
it s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
by turns gripping  amusing  tender and heartwrenching  laissezpasser has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things  it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue  accentuating  rather than muting  the plot s saccharine thrust .
disneys liveaction division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam  but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
you wouldnt call the good girl a date movie  an antidate movie is more like it   but when its good  its good and horrid .
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
a real audiencepleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who s ever waited in a doctor s office  emergency room  hospital bed or insurance company office .
has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
it s a treat  a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score .
whats so striking about jolies performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
its definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it doesnt take itself so deadly seriously .
tully is worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
its not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least its better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
its rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the sons room .
about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
pete s screenplay manages to find that real natural  evenflowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
while the humor is recognizably plympton  he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
a    cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best  being teenagers .
the story and structure are wellhoned  fresnadillos dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wont go away .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccann s revolution no 9 .
that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse  the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
is either a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity that that implies .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry thats rare in film today  but be warned  its a slow slog to get there .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey .
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
elegant and eloquent lrb meditation rrb on death and that most elusive of passions  love .
of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
several of steven soderbergh s earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle  inner and outer  thats all too rare in hollywoods hastier productions .
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as looseygoosey  experimental entertainment  still  im not quite sure what the point is… .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
an uncomfortable experience  but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
obligada para impotentes  daneses  camareras italianas  profesores de idiomas  y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss    provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys  direction is clever and insightful .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10course banquet .
puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
theres a lot of tooth in roger dodger  but whats nice is that theres a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
if you can stomach the rough content  its worth checking out for the performances alone .
greengrass  working from don mullans script  forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
its a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn  nothing overly original  mind you  but solidly entertaining .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
there s much tongue in cheek in the film and there s no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
a mustsee for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent  stylish moviemaking .
for all its serious sense of purpose    it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural  swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  s  c   to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  its a lyrical endeavour .
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and a wide supply .
it moves quickly  adroitly  and without fuss  it doesnt give you time to reflect on the inanity  and the cold war datedness  of its premise .
the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes  what time is it there   something the true film buff will enjoy .
if you love reading andor poetry  then by all means check it out  youll probably love it .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
in the pianist  polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions  and he allows nothing to get in the way .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out .
grownup quibbles are beside the point here  the little girls understand  and mccracken knows thats all that matters .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo  broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists  but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road  but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
it s packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message  so it s great for the kids .
like dickens with his passages  mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
at its best  this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
a creepy  intermittently powerful study of a selfdestructive man    about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
nicholas nickleby  is a perfect family film to take everyone to since theres no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year  charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
almodóvar logra un filme entrañable  lleno de compasión  comprensión  amor  amistad  esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable .
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screeneating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best  even hokum goes down easily .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
the casting of raymond j barry as the  assassin  greatly enhances the quality of neil burger s impressive fake documentary .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life s endgame .
s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating characters story .
it wont bust your gut  and its not intended to  its merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
filmmakers dana janklowiczmann and amir mann area headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
still rapturous after all these years  cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
see it now  before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd  intriguing wrinkles .
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
you dont need to be a hiphop fan to appreciate scratch  and thats the mark of a documentary that works .
the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
abderrahmane sissakos heremakono  waiting for happiness  is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
twist open the ouzo  its time to let your hair down – greek style  a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feelgood movies  the cast and director stephen hereks polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody .
by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that doesnt reveal even a hint of artifice .
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
it sounds sick and twisted  but the miracle of shainbergs film is that it truly is romance .
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that hes now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
there s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film  lovely  amazing involves us because it is so incisive  so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
while most films these days are about nothing  this film seems to be about everything thats plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
alain choquarts camera barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects  he just wants them to be part of the action  the wallpaper of his chosen reality  here  thankfully  they are .
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome  if downbeat  missive from a forgotten front .
some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality  humour and pathos .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity  with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
if theres a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs  i think its in projects like the  unfortunately rrated  paid .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
the script s snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but .
i cant say that i liked homeboy  itd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing  bizarre  dogmalike in spots  and quite truthful  in its way .
are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
a breezy  diverting  conventional  wellacted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of catandcat .
aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
a chronicle not only of one mans quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaigns end  an extended publicity department .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the characters lines would suggest  and sarandon  who couldnt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
as a director  mr  ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
you neednt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes work  though haynes style apes films from the period    its message is not rooted in that decade .
over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
armed with a game supporting cast  from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation    just about as chilling and unsettling as manhunter was .
proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
while there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb  much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining  but it doesnt have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story  i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father  french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
ive yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now weve got something pretty damn close .
it s an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph ive ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
what john does is heroic  but we do nt condone it   one of the film s stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture s moral schizophrenia .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you  burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyates reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
in spite of good housekeepings unsavory characters and wwf mentality  this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
has enough wit  energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they re not interested .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
lrb frames rrb profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
laskers canny  meditative script distances sex and love  as byron and luther    realize they cant get no satisfaction without the latter .
on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road    but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women  it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
its    worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
it doesnt make for great cinema  but it is interesting to see where ones imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
whats infuriating about full frontal is that its too close to real life to make sense  whats invigorating about it is that it doesnt give a damn .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think its in danger of going wrong .
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
moretti  is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances  the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
one of the best rock documentaries ever  wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
the kind of sweetandsour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone .
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
13 conversations about one thing  is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian  not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greenes prose  and its there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
moores better at fingering problems than finding solutions  but though he only scratches the surface  at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — its better to give than to receive .
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
the movie s seams may show  but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
it s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
everyone s insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy ca nt compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
it s the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers do nt make often enough .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air .
even though its common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you cant help but get caught up in the thrill of the companys astonishing growth .
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood stylecasting excellent latin actors of all agesa trend long overdue .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
it is scotts convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new directors cut .
whether our actionandpopcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isnt much of a mystery  unfortunately .
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man s right to raise his own children .
a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and it s really well directed .
that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes  wendigo  larry fessendens spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way  while never sure what its purpose was .
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
as gidget  only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
an inventive  absorbing movie that s as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating character s story .
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
its a film thats destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studios animated classics .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
like its two predecessors  1983s koyaanisqatsi and 1988s powaqqatsi  the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navelgazing film ever .
not a film to rival to live  but a fine little amusebouche to keep your appetite whetted .
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
the movie s captivating details are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
a charming  banterfilled comedy  one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing    but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
a finelooking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
as a director  paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
lovely and amazing is holofcener s deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is .
of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made .
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
peralta captures  in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago  the essence of the dogtown experience .
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
oddly  the film is nt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark  but that does nt mean you wo nt like looking at it .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the directors previous popcorn work .
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer  as the prime villain  and nathan lane as vincent crummles  the eccentric theater company manager .
less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
lrb stephen rrb earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
like its new england characters  most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial  the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
the aaa of action  xxx is a blast of adrenalin  rated eee for excitement  and vin diesel is the man .
director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
it s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy  in the end  though  it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufmans approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
shes as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
the film is darkly atmospheric  with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearsts forced avuncular chortles .
cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
a cute and sometimes sidesplittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous  starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry  their sexual and romantic tension  while never really vocalized  is palpable .
all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film doesnt ignore the more problematic aspects of browns life .
mr  spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned  and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of  the isle  youll get a sockyouintheeye flick that is a visual tourdeforce and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay  proficient  but singularly cursory   testud acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
a sports movie with action thats exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength .
he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than firebreathing monsters barbecue with their breath .
the powder blues and sunsplashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movies various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movies most admirable quality .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock s thrillers  most of the scary parts in  signs  occur while waiting for things to happen .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because the leads are such a companionable couple .
broomfield turns his distinctive blundering style into something that could really help clear up the case .
cuaron repeatedly  perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and .
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
a story  an old and scary one  about the monsters we make  and the vengeance they take .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the makers minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
the word that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmers tribute to a courageous scottish lady  is painterly .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome  and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
often hilarious  wellshot and  importantly  entertaining  hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
theres absolutely no reason why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians  if the 70s were your idea of a good time at the movies  this will make you very happy .
that s because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas wounded and wounding uncle ralph  its a great performance and a reminder of dickens grandeur .
even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorseses 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
this film is an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
roman polanski s autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than  shindler s list   it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski s the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity  it makes up for with a great  fiery passion .
one of the pleasures in walters documentary    is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subjects mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
the film is saved from arentkidscute sentimentality by a warmth that isnt faked and a stately sense of composition .
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy  it can easily worm its way into your heart .
its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative  still  as a visual treat  the film is almost unsurpassed .
poetry in motion captured on film  while it can be a bit repetitive  overall its an entertaining and informative documentary .
ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven  others need not necessarily apply .
made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
the very definition of the small movie  but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
instead of a hyperbolic beatcharged urban western  its an unpretentious  sociologically pointed slice of life .
a movie that at its best doesnt just make the most out of its characters flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
thrilling  provocative and darkly funny  this timely scifi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites  it demands repeated viewings .
the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesnt always jell with sean penns monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
raimi and his team couldnt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels  as a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
true tale of courage  and complicity  at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
its like an old warner bros  costumer jived with sex  this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make  though bette davis  cast as joan  would have killed him .
the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the film itself  as well its delightful cast  is so breezy  pretty and gifted  it really won my heart .
like many western action films  this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing  but its heartfelt concern about north koreas recent past and south koreas future adds a much needed moral weight .
vera has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
bows best moments are when hes getting busy on the basketball court because thats when he really scores .
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allens astringent wit .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant  colorful world  its almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story .
it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
though nijinsky s words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media subcultures .
you dont have to know about music to appreciate the films easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
one of the best films i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
its all entertaining enough  but dont look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
mr clooney  mr kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese cultural revolution .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
denis forges out of the theories of class based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
for the most part  it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
cedar takes a very openminded approach to this sensitive material  showing impressive control  both visually and in the writing .
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
could have been crisper and punchier  but its likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
definitely funny stuff  but its more of the laughing at variety than the laughing with .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of whats on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all cant stand .
the movies eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid  in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor .
although the editing might have been tighter  hush  sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
lee s achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor  as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
even when it drags  we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking .
a miraculous movie  im going home is so slight  yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here  but theres a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
between them  de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
not only a comingofage story and cautionary parable  but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession – one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
nohe s documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
while not all that bad of a movie  its nowhere near as good as the original .
an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
it may not be particularly innovative  but the films crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports  this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better films ability to make its subject interesting to those who arent part of its supposed target audience  judging by those standards  scratch is a pretty decent little documentary .
this movie got me grinning  theres a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new director s cut .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshalls intense freight train of a film .
rarely  indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
if youre looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
the films plot may be shallow  but youve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
its an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems  but on the whole  youre gonna like this movie .
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
if you can read the subtitles lrb the opera is sung in italian rrb and you like  masterpiece theatre  type costumes  you ll enjoy this movie .
comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
while not quite  shrek  or monsters  inc    its not too bad  its worth taking the kids to .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of childrens television .
is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
lrb fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall rrb show us the world they love and make .
ice age wo nt drop your jaw  but it will warm your heart  and i m giving it a strong thumbs up .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standup s i m the one that i want .
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was  hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events  the film works  mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us  a major director is emerging in world cinema .
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
a confident  richly acted  emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 s first great film .
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the films nightmare versions of everyday sexinthecity misadventures .
the films snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
even when hes not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement  and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and welllensed gorefest .
as home movie gone haywire  its pretty enjoyable  but as sexual manifesto  id rather listen to old tori amos records .
although what time offers tsai s usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
nothing short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
this marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it  it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  it s waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
while nothing special  is pleasant  diverting and modest  definitely a step in the right direction .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the worlds best cuisine  mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
a  hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning     but  lohmans moist  deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer .
an epic of grandeur and scale thats been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm loves power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
may not have generated many sparks  but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure  hes easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
watching e  t now  in an era dominated by cold  loud specialeffectsladen extravaganzas  one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and .
rock solid family fun out of the gates  extremely imaginative through out  but wanes in the middle .
i ll put it this way  if you re in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
a rarity among recent iranian films  its a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonists plight .
about a mangalike heroine who fights back at her abusers  its energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and theyve told a nice little story in the process .
of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski  made richer by his own experiences  making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
a comingofage tale from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the populations shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
the subtle strength of  elling  is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
the film sometimes flags  but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
notwithstanding my problem with the movies final half hour  im going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize lifes messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
wonder  hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
that at its best does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make  cherish  a very good lrb but not great rrb movie .
it provides the grand  intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
that we believe that that s exactly what these two people need to find each other .
tsai mingliangs witty  wistful new film  what time is it there   is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
montias    pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky  but not stereotyped  street characters .
at its best when the guarded  resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional  even predictable remake  nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
its refreshing to see a girlpower movie that doesnt feel it has to prove anything .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
like kubrick  soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and .
the movie plays up the cartoons more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
whatever complaints i might have  id take its earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperors club any time .
stevens  vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
a competent  unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the afterschool slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately that s what makes it worth a recommendation .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
firsttime writerdirector serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving  effective little film .
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
i wont argue with anyone who calls slackers dumb  insulting  or childish    but i laughed so much that i didnt mind .
the auteur s ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but .
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
dog soldiers does nt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style its virtually its own hollywood remake .
brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
isnt quite the equal of woos best earlier work  but its easily his finest american film    comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soulseye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
for all the dolorous trim  secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel  a little too much dancing  a few too many weeping scenes  but i liked its heart and its spirit .
all right  so its not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny  sometimes hilarious  comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
the wwii drama is well plotted  visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
scherfig has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters lives after the clever credits roll .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899  cinematic poetry showcases the citys oldworld charm before machines change nearly everything .
is a shame that more wo nt get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet  evelyn .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life  a little melodramatic  but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
there s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
with or without the sex  a wonderful tale of love and destiny  told well by a master storyteller .
does nt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof  theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels .
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
where this was lazy but enjoyable  a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare s plays .
that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
hupperts superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice .
bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
auto focus  works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from pauls perspective .
he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
its good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
woos fights have a distinct flair  his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
apart from its own considerable achievement  metropolis confirms tezukas status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  its still a rollicking good time for the most part .
like mike isnt interested in recycling old cliches  it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first  as best i remember   but still a very good time at the cinema .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwas emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
the auteurs ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible  irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
i was impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
there s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
if you like an extreme actionpacked film with a hint of humor  then triple x marks the spot .
her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession  one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones  guns  and the internal combustion engine  but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
of pre9  11 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
a light  yet engrossing piece  lux  now in her eighties  does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they dont really want to know .
tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… the film addresses in a fascinating  intelligent manner the intermingling of race  politics and local commerce .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers  but if you go in knowing that  you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe    the most aggressively nervewracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
despite the long running time  the pace never feels slack  theres no scene that screams  bathroom break .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and cam  ron seal the deal .
the way coppola professes his love for movies  both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art  is giddily entertaining .
when its not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears shell become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
hugely entertaining from start to finish  featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves  it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
is truth stranger than fiction  in screenwriter charlie kaufmans world  truth and fiction are equally strange  and his for the taking .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories  mention  solaris  five years from now and im sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
the performers are so spot on  it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
beyond the cleverness  the weirdness and the pristine camerawork  one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
and there s an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite  but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did  too .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time  and in their cheap  b movie way  they succeed .
is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
its one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads  its quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar  but one that many more people should check out .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyis  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
interacting eyeballtoeyeball and toetotoe  hopkins and norton are a winning combination  but fiennes steals red dragon right from under their noses .
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it s a rocksolid little genre picture .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture  racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and its certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
it will not appeal to the impatient  but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
even if you cant pronounce  gyro  correctly  youll appreciate much of vardalos humor  which transcends ethnic boundaries .
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
waiting for godard can be fruitful  in praise of love is the directors epitaph for himself .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
in addition to hoffman s powerful acting clinic  this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
a perverse little truffle  dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
the mood  look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina .
about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the worlds endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
there s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
a profat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if it s filmed tosca that you want .
90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
for all its problems    the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring    which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
impossible as it may sound  this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies end youll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors  and that they know their roles so well .
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
hardly an objective documentary  but it s great cinematic polemic  love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star  but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
lrb silver s parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around rrb .
writer and director otar iosselianis pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
symbolically  warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop  and .
it s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
one of creepiest  scariest movies to come along in a long  long time  easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity  everett remains a perfect wildean actor  and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
hoffman s quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
while obviously aimed at kids  the country bears  should keep parents amused with its low groantoguffaw ratio .
like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of bball fantasy  fit for filling in during the real nbas offseason .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement  but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
my goodness  queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts  she must have a very strong back .
the experience of watching blobby oldschool cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music  jones calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
theres a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments  and yet  it still works .
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent  exuberant  and moving as monsoon wedding .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
drama of temptation  salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith  love and power .
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film .
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monsters psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection  but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought lighthearted comedy was his forte .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
may leave the theater with more questions than answers  but darned if your toes wo nt still be tapping .
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question  but the risktakers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
stands as one of the year s most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
it takes you somewhere you re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
its absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasemfurnished voice .
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time hell probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
all plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
shyamalan continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but it still manages to get a few punches in .
is this love or is it masochism  binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
oscar wildes masterpiece  the importance of being earnest  may be the best play of the 19th century  its so good that its relentless  polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions  but even oliver parkers movie adaptation .
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
this version moves beyond the originals nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinemas inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
wendigo is  why we go to the cinema  to be fed through the eye  the heart  the mind .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
the evocative imagery and gentle  lapping rhythms of this film are infectious  it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
let s issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
it s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens  especially the a  holes .
on the surface a silly comedy  scotland  pa would be forgettable if it werent such a clever adaptation of the bards tragic play .
there are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
this time out  sade is an unsettlingly familiar figure  in turns loyal and deceitful  responsible and reckless  idealistically selfless and coldly selfinterested .
the format gets used best    to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders  whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bonecrushing screwups .
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitts cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
to others  it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
explain how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
if its unnerving suspense youre after  youll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
a lean  deftly shot  wellacted  weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of 60s and 70s europeanset spy pictures .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it  but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
like its title character  this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously  it is also beautifully acted .
if you grew up on scooby  youll love this movie  matthew lillard is born to play shaggy .
adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
beautifully crafted  engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
a highly spirited  imaginative kids movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because hes afraid of his bestknown creation .
hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
frailty  starts out like a typical bible killer story  but it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
forgettable horror  more gory than psychological  with a highly satisfying quotient of fridaynight excitement and milla power .
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
there s just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
the film is powerful  accessible and funny  you wont miss its messages  but youll be entertained as well .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood may not be exactly divine  but its definitely  defiantly  ya ya  what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
the film is reasonably entertaining  though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
i dont feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if its a dish thats best served cold .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that s hard to resist .
is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission    if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
using an endearing cast  writerdirector dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships  both sexual and kindred .
recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules verne s  20000 leagues under the sea  and the george pal version of hg wells   the time machine .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices  cool visual backmasking   a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
its fairly solidnot to mention well edited so that it certainly doesnt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
like a skillful fisher  the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms  ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welshs book trainspotting .
relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of memento with the hallucinatory drug culture of requiem for a dream .
rich in detail  gorgeously shot and beautifully acted  les destinees is  in its quiet  epic way  daring  inventive and refreshingly unusual .
holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
as averse as i usually am to feelgood  followyourdream hollywood fantasies  this one got to me .
not as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and exceptionally wellacted .
about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness  and we dont avert our eyes for a moment .
its full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa  y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
safe conduct   is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage  viva le resistance .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in   my big fat greek wedding  comes from the heart .
above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes  camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
the heat of the moment prevails  it cooks conduct in a low  smoky and inviting sizzle .
in scope  ambition and accomplishment  children of the century    takes kurys career to a whole new level .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought  better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise  al pacino loathing robin williams .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
while not quite a comedy  the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer  and is never less than engaging .
it could change america  not only because it is full of necessary discussion points  but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
a delightfully unpredictable  hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
s better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
if youre as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then youre at the right film .
that it s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
lrb leigh rrb has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
an utterly compelling who wrote it in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
it might be easier to watch on video at home  but that shouldnt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
contando com uma premissa curiosa  o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense  culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória .
has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and i m all for that .
canadian filmmaker gary burns  inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
culkin  whos in virtually every scene  shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
as any creaturefeature fan knows  when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures  you get a lot of running around  screaming and death  on that score  the film certainly doesnt disappoint .
arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
unlike most teen flicks  swimming takes its time to tell its story  casts mostly littleknown performers in key roles  and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of selfimportance .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanskis the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
this concoction  so bizarre to the adult mind  is actually a charming triumph where its intended under12 audience is concerned .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaines willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that its a rocksolid little genre picture  whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
only an epic documentary could get it all down  and spike lees jim brown  all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
as the movie traces mr  browns athletic exploits  it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
famuyiwas feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful  intelligent manner  rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clichériddled genre can offer .
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
maelstrom is strange and compelling  engrossing and different  a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
i do nt know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise  and the large cast is solid .
depicts this relationship with economical grace  letting his superb actors convey martin s deterioration and barbara s sadness  and  occasionally .
schweiger is talented and terribly charismatic  qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmakers period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
trapped wo nt score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
good movie  good actress  but if you expect light romantic comedy  good gosh  will you be shocked .
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  its the best sequel since the empire strikes back    a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante  como é   mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais .
trapped wont score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
whether writerdirector anne fontaines film is a ghost story  an account of a nervous breakdown  a trip down memory lane  all three or none of the above  it is as seductive as it is haunting .
the audacity to view one of shakespeares better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
the leads are natural and lovely  the pace is serene  the humor wry and sprightly .
the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
like a child with an important message to tell    skins faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca nt totally hide its contrivances  but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrols most intense psychological mysteries .
worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
its something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
there are as many misses as hits  but ultimately  it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior  and its a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
enigma  is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
jones    makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little 1  8 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
this is such a dazzlingly selfassured directorial debut that its hard to know what to praise first .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down  the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one  or shes gonna make you feel like you owe her bigtime .
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
this movie may not have the highest production values youve ever seen  but its the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
khouri manages  with terrific flair  to keep the extremes of screwball farce and bloodcurdling family intensity on one continuum .
is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
belongs to daniel daylewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese  its a memorable performance in a big  brassy  disturbing  unusual and highly successful film .
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a very sneaky butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
and at times  all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch  the tale commands attention .
the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
theres nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity thats packed with just as much intelligence as action .
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
i liked the movie  but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
extreme ops  exceeds expectations  good fun  good action  good acting  good dialogue  good pace  good cinematography .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance  more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
theres much tongue in cheek in the film and theres no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible  he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper  what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
as if it were an extended short  albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance  brought off with considerable wit .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie    without neglecting character development for even one minute .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
george clooney proves hes quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us hes a worldclass actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected  in fact  its quite fun in places .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and .
the films only missteps come from the scripts insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnales antics .
s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here .
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
stephen earnharts homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible .
does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
it might be  easier  to watch on video at home  but that should nt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks .
if you are into splatter movies  then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
theres enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film  and just when you think it cant get any more gay  in pops nathan lane .
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
the movie  despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword  jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
its a treat – a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
maud and rolands search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story  but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession  he makes language sexy .
visually breathtaking  viscerally exciting  and dramatically moving  it s the very definition of epic adventure .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but .
no es la mejor cinta de la serie  ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza  pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites  the rest of the world will enjoy a fastpaced comedy with quirks that might make the awardwinning coen brothers envious .
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
miyazakis nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic  and it is too cute by half  but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
he does this so well you do nt have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
it s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories  and  like a mobius strip  elliptically loops back to where it began .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees  i wanted more .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
as literary desecrations go  this makes for perfectly acceptable  occasionally very enjoyable children s entertainment .
a triumph  a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
the films messages of tolerance and diversity arent particularly original  but one cant help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pgrated  nonthreatening family movies  but it doesnt go too much further .
comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
but this is lohmans film  her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
fans of behans work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
provides the kind of laugh therapy i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending  after seeing analyze that   i feel better already .
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a traditionbound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebraland  hence  more chillingly effective .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest  yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately thats what makes it worth a recommendation .
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters  the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
the performances of the children  untrained in acting  have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
sorvino is delightful in the central role  she nearly glows with enthusiasm  sensuality and a conniving wit .
s a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone .
twenty years after its first release  e  t  remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielbergs misunderstood career .
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast  have made the old boy s characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
leigh is nt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool  this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy    but mostly the humor is of the sweet  gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock s memorable first interrogation of gosling .
tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but    also one of the most curiously depressing .
s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
more a load of enjoyable  conanesque claptrap than the punishing  specialeffects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
smiths approach is never to tease  except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers dont have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness  fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
the film s gamble to occasionally break up the liveaction scenes with animated sequences pays off  as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
mention  solaris  five years from now and i m sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
schüttes dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
anas journey is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as shes already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt  thats why sex and lucia is so alluring .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days .
its not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  id say the film works .
is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away .
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast .
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semistable ground dramatically  this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
the heightened symmetry of this newold cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience  like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan  the adventure is on red alert .
emash wednesdayem is not edward burns best film  but it is a good and ambitious film  and it marks him as one of the most interesting writerdirectors working today .
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
beneath the film s obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece  it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
eyre  a native american raised by white parents  manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
katz uses archival footage  horrifying documents of lynchings  still photographs and charming old reeltoreel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history  but most powerful of all is the song itself .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the worlds reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor .
its heartfelt concern about north korea s recent past and south korea s future adds a much needed moral weight .
as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
cut through the layers of soapopera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
haynes homage to such films as  all that heaven allows  and  imitation of life  transcends them  simply put   far from heaven  is a masterpiece .
it ai nt art  by a long shot  but unlike last year s lame musketeer  this dumas adaptation entertains .
as comedic spotlights go  notorious c  h  o  hits all the verbal marks it should .
welldone supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
the leaping story line  shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions  shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if its filmed tosca that you want  ill stay with the stage versions  however  which bite cleaner  and deeper .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast theres no time to think about them anyway .
at its best  and it does have some very funny sequences  looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans lrb but by no means all rrb will have fun with .
in his u  s  debut  mr  schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
its about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
although frailty fits into a classic genre  in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
moving portrait of an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
tends to pile too many  serious issues  on its plate at times  yet remains fairly light  always entertaining  and smartly written .
an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
you could say that its slow at times  you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldnt  but one thing you couldnt say is that alias betty is predictable .
ryosuke has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if youre in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale  you wo nt be sorry .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of selfexpression .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting is nt  either  and you would nt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
leigh isnt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
the movie is well crafted  and well executed  if youre paying attention  the  big twists  are pretty easy to guess  but that doesnt make the movie any less entertaining .
if youre not totally weirded out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle  quitting hits home with disorienting force .
it has the feel of a summer popcorn movie  nothing too deep or substantial  explosions  jokes  and sexual innuendoes abound .
hits every cliche weve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
despite its hawaiian setting  the sciencefiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick  the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixtiesstyle slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either doesnt notice when his story ends or just cant tear himself away from the characters  but its smooth and professional .
it s hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
hupperts show to steal and she makes a meal of it  channeling kathy bakers creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 womens augustine .
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle  and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
the year 2002 has conjured up more comingofage stories than seem possible  but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
theres something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
some may choose to interpret the films end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
its consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
schaeffer is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here  its a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
the main story    is compelling enough  but its difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
lovely and amazing is holofceners deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is  when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca nt wait to see what the director does next .
the films sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength  but its propelled by the acting .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
4 friends  2 couples  2000 miles  and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink  its the ultimate redneck roadtrip .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies  and its ample charms should win over the most hardhearted cynics .
the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
re content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
doesnt bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies  maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
this goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war s madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hotblooded  and both leads are up to the task .
its probably worth catching solely on its visual merits  if only it had the story to match .
the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities     but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
it s a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
lrb washington s rrb strong hand  keen eye  sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
graham greenes novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caines performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
a bold lrb and lovely rrb experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
writerdirector walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall show us the world they love and make us love it  too .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters  but it s smooth and professional .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve  into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity .
makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
at nearly three hours  the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and youve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
the rock is destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers .
the movies seams may show    but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
the films intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge thats opened between them .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
the modern remake of dumass story is long on narrative and  too  short on action .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
its a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that its implosion rather than explosion you fear .
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy neednt always make us laugh  tim storys not there yet  but barbershop shows hes on his way .
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
watching this film  what we feel isnt mainly suspense or excitement  the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
a freshfaced  bighearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants  its like watching a nightmare made flesh .
not a strike against yangs similarly themed yi yi  but i found what time  to be more engaging on an emotional level  funnier  and on the whole less detached .
using a stock plot  about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
the story may not be new  but australian director john polson  making his american feature debut  jazzes it up adroitly .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable  warm water may well be the years best and most unpredictable comedy .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillats fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
this slight premise    works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
a cleareyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing  its an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gais character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
theirs is a simple and heartwarming story  full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
the paradisos rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the films final  restored  third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic  sometimes shorter is better .
its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
critics need a good laugh  too  and this tooextremefortv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous  sickening  sidesplitting goods in steaming  visceral heaps .
interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary  he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
a distant  even sterile  yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogans heroes star bob crane .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it  anthony  hopkins .
a fanciful drama about napoleons last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
creates a stunning  taxi driveresque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role  and has completely transformed himself from his smooth  goodfellas image .
takes you by the face  strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you  slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
every dance becomes about seduction  where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated  and sex is currency .
ill put it this way  if youre in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
most consumers of lo mein and general tsos chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
the film s intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
this amiable picture talks tough  but it s all bluster  in the end it s as sweet as greenfingers .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
a few artsy flourishes aside  narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernsteins perfectly melodic score  haynes gets just about everything right .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if its far tamer than advertised .
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli    ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls youd expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of antisemitism ever seen on screen .
have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
at its worst the screenplay is callow  but at its best it is a young artists thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
may be far from the best of the series  but its assured  wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
special pov camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
though the story  is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
its like rocky and bullwinkle on speed  but thats neither completely enlightening  nor does it catch the intensity of the movies strangeness .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it hes well worth spending some time with .
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself does nt stand a ghost of a chance .
mr  tsai is a very original artist in his medium  and what time is it there  should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
i stopped thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold  a case in point  doug prays scratch .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with lifes endgame .
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
those who arent put off by the films austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan  the characters move with grace and panache .
the spanieleyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its lowkey way of tackling what seems like donetodeath material .
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that theyre playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though its told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
its the type of film about growing up that we dont see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not sugarcoated in the least .
at the end of the movie  my 6yearold nephew said   i guess i come from a broken family  and my uncles are all aliens  too   congrats disney on a job well done  i enjoyed it just as much .
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
the tone errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
birthday girl doesnt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
the year s greatest adventure  and jackson s limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
s good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower childs desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
human resources was a good  straightforward tale  but time out is better  its haunting  its like a poem .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  it s a work of enthralling drama .
also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all it s a love story as sanguine as its title .
if you have nt seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg s work .
no one goes unindicted here  which is probably for the best  and if youre not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes  youve got ice water in your veins .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
the films 45minute running time stops shy of overkill  though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters  suffering .
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but its not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept  aliens come to earth  and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
it s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
the story  like ravels bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people  seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
whats most memorable about circuit is that its shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large    and small    with considerable aplomb .
a hard look at one mans occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
the bands courage in the face of official repression is inspiring  especially for aging hippies  this one included .
when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
macdowell  whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs    brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
the film s crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone whos fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique directors previous films .
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart .
a sexy  surprising romance    idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair    their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
cuarón has created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
an oldfashioned scary movie  one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed .
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
its another retelling of alexandre dumas classic  why  who knows  but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
welles groupiescholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it  but he s finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
theres an energy to y tu mamá también  much of it comes from the brave  uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
a vivid  thoughtful  unapologetically raw comingofage tale full of sex  drugs and rock n roll .
covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
with this masterful  flawless film  wang emerges in the front ranks of chinas now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
gaunt  silverhaired and leonine  lrb harris rrb brings a tragic dimension and savage fullbodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
taken outside the context of the current political climate  see  terrorists are more evil than ever    the sum of all fears is simply a wellmade and satisfying thriller .
its as close as well ever come to looking through a photographers viewfinder as he works .
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director  it doesnt make for completely empty entertainment .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but it s definitely worth taking a look .
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation  its threehour running time plays closer to two .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence  and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chins film serves up with style and empathy .
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
a sensitive and expertly acted crowdpleaser that isnt above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
the years greatest adventure  and jacksons limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
dont wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you dont have kids borrow some .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not .
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankinds liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
a teasing drama whose relentless gooddeedbaddeed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting  less symmetrical  less obviously crossshaped creation .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte .
i know i shouldnt have laughed  but hey  those farts got to my inner nineyearold .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle  sex with strangers is a success .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved  and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry  but the film conjures the magic of author j  k  rowlings books .
at its best  which occurs often  michael moore s bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the  are we a sick society .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town  with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters  this is a comingofage story with a twist .
be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
the reason to see  sade  lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis  auteil  and emilie  le besco .
the power of shanghai ghetto  a documentary by dana janklowiczmann and amir mann  rests in the voices of men and women  now in their 70s  who lived there in the 1940s .
its mildly entertaining  especially if you find comfort in familiarity  but its hardly a necessary enterprise .
as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
if you open yourself up to mr  reggios theory of this imagery as the movies set    it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
lan yu is at times too restrained  yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
i ll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this hightech age  speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high  even as the strafings blend together .
a superbly acted and funnygritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them  but olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artists work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movies conception of a futureworld holographic librarian  orlando jones  who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the alltoofamiliar saga of the contemporary single woman .
the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms  bullocks best work in some time .
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches  it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel  her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and .
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
is an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
the films appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucereyed  downycheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the films tart  sugarfree wit .
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect  lovehate relationship .
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
ao sair do cinema  eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que  para mim  a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour  though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as youre wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
lrb scherfig rrb has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
grant goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
a sexy  surprising romance  idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
windtalkers blows this way and that  but theres no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass  true to himself .
strip it of all its excess debris  and youd have a 90minute  fourstar movie  as it is  its too long and unfocused .
saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
hatosy  portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory  with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
what one is left with  even after the most awful acts are committed  is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end .
lapaglias ability to convey grief and hope works with weavers sensitive reactions to make this a twoactor master class .
rrb matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though it s one of the most plain white toast comic book films .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream .
victor rosa is leguizamos best movie work so far  a subtle and richly internalized performance .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
stands as one of the years most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
más sarcástica  divertida y demencial que su predecesora  es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss  rejection by ones mother .
is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
the movie is for fans who cant stop loving anime  and the fanatical excess built into it .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
its a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises  read my lips is an original  this is a story of two misfits who dont stand a chance alone  but together they are magnificent .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
if  lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
young everlyn sampi  as the courageous molly craig  simply radiates starpower potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
a  black austin powers   i prefer to think of it as  pootie tang with a budget   sa da tay .
in xxx  diesel is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
whats most striking about this largely celebratory film    is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy  auto focus becomes both gutbustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
a hugely rewarding experience thats every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grants two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget joness diary .
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies that s so bad it starts to become good .
a pretty funny movie  with most of the humor coming  as before  from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
fred schepisis film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen  with a cast of alist brit actors  it is worth searching out .
conceptually brilliant    plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
even though the film doesnt manage to hit all of its marks  its still entertaining to watch the target practice .
clint eastwood s blood work is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly .
emerges as something rare  an issue movie thats so honest and keenly observed that it doesnt feel like one .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite  its far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that didnt sell many records but helped change a nation .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but director dj caruso s grimy visual veneer and kilmer s absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label  proving that one mans ruin may be anothers fortune .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderberghs solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
this may be dover kosashvili s feature directing debut  but it looks an awful lot like life  gritty  awkward and ironic .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and you ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
this ecologically minded  wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks  and the color palette  with lots of somber blues and pinks  is dreamy and evocative .
usurp the preaching message so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
a mix of gritty realism  crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
katzs documentary doesnt have much panache  but with material this rich it doesnt need it .
in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
a soulstirring documentary about the israelipalestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
one of the most original american productions this year  youll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
thanks to the châteaus balance of whimsicality  narrative discipline and serious improvisation  almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was  but heck – few filmmakers will  but based on cq  ill certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
passable entertainment  but its the kind of motion picture that wont make much of a splash when its released  and will not be remembered long afterwards .
dogtown and zboys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become  the punk kids revolution .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
a bigbudgetallstar movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity  and an event .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancys holes  and the scripters dont deserve any oscars  but the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
the film is an enjoyable family film  pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start  and  refreshingly  stays that way .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that it s based on true events .
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular  its an eyeopener .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that dont really care for the candidate theyre forced to follow .
though it is by no means his best work  laissezpasser is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bonafide master  a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
while there are times when the film s reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it does nt .
the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissingers record into question and explain how the diplomats tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
once the true impact of the day unfolds  the power of this movie is undeniable .
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
though the film never veers from its comic course  its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the films present with the playful paranoia of the films past .
rain is a small treasure  enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
further proof that the epicenter of cool  beautiful  thoughtprovoking foreign cinema is smackdab in the middle of dubyas axis of evil .
though frodos quest remains unfulfilled  a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
though the controversial korean filmmakers latest effort is not for all tastes  it offers gorgeous imagery  effective performances  and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
australia  land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
youd have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
thanks to scotts charismatic roger and eisenbergs sweet nephew  roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
lrb taymor rrb utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and selfdelusion of this most american of businesses .
dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
light the candles  bring out the cake and do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl  it s simply  and surprisingly  a nice  light treat .
its a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzels closely watched trains and danis tanovics no mans land .
like its predecessor  its no classic  but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
it is nt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedman s similarly updated 1970 british production .
the appearance of treebeard and gollums expanded role will either have you loving what youre seeing  or rolling your eyes  i loved it  gollums performance is incredible .
it is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm    the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
those of you who dont believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original  well  this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
creates a film of nearhypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heartbreakingly extensive annals of whiteonblack racism .
it s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
its got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational  and .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and then  without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
a sensitive  modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
an interesting story with a pertinent  cinematically unique  message  told fairly well and scored to perfection  i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive  missing thing .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonna s cameo does nt suck .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmers economical antidote to the bloated costume drama .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us  this is not a classical dramatic animated feature  nor a hip  contemporary  injokey one  its sort of inbetween  and it works .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage  then esthers story is a compelling quest for truth .
viewers of  the ring  are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
a firstclass  thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire  beloved genres  the prison flick and the fight film .
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
its maker  steven spielberg  hasnt had so much fun in two decades  since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
it s an interesting effort lrb particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts rrb  and barry s coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
nakata s technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows  but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances  no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
this is a very funny  heartwarming film  it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
its both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
the lady and the duke is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats perspective .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
feature debuter d  j  caruso directs a crack ensemble cast  bringing screenwriter tony gaytons narcotics noir to life .
mixes likeable personalities  inventive photography and cutting  and walltowall toetapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating  silly  perverse  hopeful and always fun .
of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
moves beyond the original s nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema s inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again  who says he has to .
si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama  tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales .
there s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it werent .
the film is saved from are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom .
from blushing to gushing  imamura squirts the screen in  warm water under a red bridge .
by and large this is mr kilmer s movie  and it s his strongest performance since the doors .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinskys diaries .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences    and its all the stronger because of it .
sum  is jack ryans  doover   give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works  especially give credit to affleck .
from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
s something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but  with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking  the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker  unique in its deceptive grimness  compelling in its fatalist worldview .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught  theres much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls cant swim .
henry beans thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it he s well worth spending some time with .
bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
its a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
whereas oliver stone s conspiracy thriller jfk was long  intricate  starstudded and visually flashy  interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
despite the predictable parent vs child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
this is such a highenergy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent  who cares if the storys a little weak .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic  this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
adaptations success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters  striving solipsism .
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
a firstclass road movie that proves you can run away from home  but your ego .
is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man lost in its midst .
the creative animation work may not look as fully rendered as pixars industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words do nt really do the era justice .
that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
a charming  banterfilled comedy    one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
taymor utilizes the idea of making kahlos art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work  this isnt a new idea  its been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
stephen rea  aidan quinn  and alan bates play desmonds legal eagles  and when joined by brosnan  the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing  tis .
in the new release of cinema paradiso  the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness  but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining  selfaggrandizing  politically motivated documentarymaking  and hes got as potent a topic as ever here .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
many a parent and their teen lrb or preteen rrb kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
ana is a vivid  vibrant individual and the movies focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
a meatier deeper beginning andor ending would have easily tipped this film into the  a  range  as is  its a very very strong  b   i love the robust middle of this picture .
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable  even at its worst  its not halfbad .
this is an exercise in chilling style  and twohy films the sub  inside and out  with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
brian tufanos handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowskys excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
the story  like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness  with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love  history  memory  resistance and artistic transcendence .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore  youll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
but a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
i have a confession to make  i didnt particularly like e  t  the first time i saw it as a young boy  that is because  damn it   i also wanted a little alien as a friend .
s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
post 911 the philosophical message of  personal freedom first  might not be as palatable as intended .
spielbergs picture is smarter and subtler than total recall and blade runner  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the film s appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
juliette binoche s sand is vivacious  but it s hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
it s a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but its a heck of a ride  samuel l  jackson is one of the best actors there is .
improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
though everything might be literate and smart  it never took off and always seemed static .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorsese s 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
et remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
what s surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness  a state experienced by millions around the globe .
takes care with the characters  who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
the movie is  very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
a brutal and funny work  nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy doesnt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
he s one of the few  cool  actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film s problems .
i just saw this movie    well  its probably not accurate to call it a movie .
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
ongs promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrants experiences in new york city .
this insightful  oscarnominated documentary  in which children on both sides of the everescalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes  gives peace yet another chance .
genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical  bedknobs and broomsticks   which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
two hours fly by  operas a pleasure when you dont have to endure intermissions  and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
nonjudgmentally as wiseman s previous studies of innercity high schools  hospitals  courts and welfare centers .
conrad l hall s cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  there s something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise  it does give you a peek  the main problem being that its only a peek .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
ferrera has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
much of the movie s charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the films action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
it s not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least it s better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
a heady  biting  bebop ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which hell go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
think you ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
it excels because  unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk  it offers hope .
he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
for those of an indulgent  slightly sunbaked and summery mind  sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood .
walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs .
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
it s not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  i d say the film works .
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection  scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material .
is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall  also a producer  peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all  nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
lrb danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which peoples lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
do nt wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers .
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales  villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker .
be patient with the lovely hush  and your reward will be a thoughtful  emotional movie experience .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the alltime great apocalypse movies .
its a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it isnt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
remains a solid  if somewhat heavyhanded  account of the neardisaster    done up by howard with a steady  if not very imaginative  hand .
now here s a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism  heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
a liveaction cartoon  a fastmoving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people  the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk  with little to show for their labor  living harmoniously  joined in song .
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film  but his words and images dont have to add up to mesmerize you .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
de niro    is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920s    the films ending has a  what was it all for   feeling to it  but like the 1920s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  its a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it s like on the other side of the bra .
freundlich s world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
it s a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
davis candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
for the first time in several years  mr  allen has surpassed himself with the magic hes spun with the hollywood empress of ms  leonis ellie .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and its really well directed .
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers  one the public rarely sees .
in the end  the film is less the cheap thriller youd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
the best movie of its kind since brazil   lucas  take notes  this is how you use special effects .
working from elliotts memoir  rohmer fashions the sort of delicate  articulate character and relationship study hes favored for decades .
is duly impressive in imax dimensions  as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that its as if it all happened only yesterday .
feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
arliss howard s ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor  bittersweet pathos  and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
narc is a nobull throwback to 1970s action films  it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
in his latest effort  storytelling  solondz has finally made a movie that isnt just offensive  it also happens to be good .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
the level of maturity displayed by this 33yearold firsttime feature director is astonishing  considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think its a tougher picture than it is .
eileen walsh  an engaging  wideeyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth  infuses the movie with much of its slender  glinting charm .
i walked away from this new version of e  t  just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
by the time we learn that andrews turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardts coven  we can enjoy it anyway .
also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
it treats anas journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
sweet home alabama isnt going to win any academy awards  but this datenight diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor  and when it does elect to head off in its own direction  it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
lrb haneke rrb steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
together  tok and o orchestrate a buoyant  darkly funny dance of death  in the process  they demonstrate that theres still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback  but unlike many revenge fantasies  it ultimately delivers .
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
ratliff s two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations .
that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen  unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community  the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china s sixth generation of film makers .
mr  deeds  is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across americas winter movie screens its a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
but mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrences latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2  500 screens while something of bubba hoteps clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
over the years  hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening  and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10  the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
s enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral  schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself  namely  an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
by the time its done with us  mira nairs new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery  of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory  and in spite of numerous minor flaws  scorseses best in more than a decade .
a splendid entertainment  young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
s no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time  the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
an intelligent  earnest  intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure youre getting its metaphysical point .
they presume their audience wo nt sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so .
impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
it s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman and a onenight swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships  food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
the whole is quite entertaining  but despite its virtues  there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception  it marks the outstanding feature debut of writerdirector eric byler  who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
maggie smith as the yaya member with the o2tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass  then gasp for gas  verbal deportment .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
it s hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina s could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper  and better  than pink floyd tickets .
the pianist is a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of wars madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life  here is a divine monument to a single mans struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
there is no substitute for onscreen chemistry  and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia  the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
while i cant say its on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year  if youre not deeply touched by this movie  check your pulse .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
marshall keeps the energy humming  and his edits  unlike those in moulin rouge  are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
at a time when half the socalled real movies are little more than liveaction cartoons  its refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is  and knows the forms history .
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
the film is beautifully mounted  but  more to the point  the issues are subtly presented  managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joans madness .
smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
the rare movie that s as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it s based .
wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  it s about a very human one .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group    and never fails to entertain .
have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but it is a respectable sequel .
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for  though lovers of the book may wonder why its necessary .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy .
this oftenhilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its highminded appeal .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca  roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi  and ruggero as the villainous  lecherous police chief scarpia  all sing beautifully and act adequately .
a fascinating  dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
it s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
theyre just a couple of cops in copmovieland  these two  but in narc  they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clearcut hero and no allout villain .
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
rapidly develops into a gutwrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make  and the trios absorbing narrative is a heartwrenching showcase indeed .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms    is a nonstop hoot .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care  but .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are  generally speaking  adored by the moviegoing public  khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
a movie that will surely be profane  politically charged music to the ears of cho s fans .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors  this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
it s bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character  an almost reallive girl complete with trouble and hope .
like the films almost anthropologically detailed realization of early80s suburbia  its significant without being overstated .
neil burger here succeeded in  making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated  depending upon where you live   ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
the films highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
mr  polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage  the kind of intimate and characterdriven film that bille august does best .
narc may not get an a for originality  but it wears its bmovie heritage like a badge of honor .
in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
the fourth  pokemon  is a diverting  if predictable  adventure suitable for a matinee  with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world s delicate ecological balance .
the emperors new clothes  begins with a simple plan     well  at least thats the plan .
standing by yourself is haunting    its what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america s winter movie screens it s a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
by not averting his eyes  solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable  the unacceptable  the unmentionable .
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
it s nice to see piscopo again after all these years  and chaykin and headly are priceless .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
legendary irish writer brendan behans memoir  borstal boy  has been given a loving screen transferral .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but its pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
so beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world  gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share  surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling weve shared a great adventure .
lrb ferrera rrb has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
in the long  dishonorable history of quickie teenpop exploitation  like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
the movie is    very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem  there s a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
there are nt many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama  suspense  revenge  and romance .
ong s promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrant s experiences in new york city .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society  might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character  is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
wonders  enhancing the cultural and economic subtext  bringing richer meaning to the story s morals .
white oleander   the movie  is akin to a readers digest condensed version of the source material .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopez s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms bullock s best work in some time .
if mr  zhangs subject matter is  to some degree at least  quintessentially american  his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
despite its oldhat setup and predictable plot  empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasach  ke burstein and his family .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching  gives a human face to what s often discussed in purely abstract terms .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
others  more attuned to the anarchist maxim that the urge to destroy is also a creative urge  or more willing to see with their own eyes  will find morrisons iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie  tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa s emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
the tale of her passionate  tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand s masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
it helps that lil bow wow    tones down his pintsized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
while we no longer possess the lackofattention span that we did at seventeen  we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities  certainly raises the film above anything sandler s been attached to before .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies .
weve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the worlds greatest teacher .
karmen moves like rhythm itself  her lips chanting to the beat  her long  braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
despite its many infuriating flaws  not the least of which is amys selfabsorbed personality  amys os honesty will win you over .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them .
form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
it s about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
the strippeddown dramatic constructs  austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics  obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
lrb reno rrb delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
its bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past  really is nt .
the movie itself is far from disappointing  offering an original take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
jaeeun jeong s take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
the one thing this wild film has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
if lrb jaglom s rrb latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
a playful iranian parable about openness  particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
each punch seen through prison bars  the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs  man as brotherman vs  the man .
if the films vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying  its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema  another great ‘what you dont see is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller  coupled with some arresting effects  incandescent tones and stupendous performances .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise .
martin and barbara are complex characters  sometimes tender  sometimes angry  and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
a thriller whose style  structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story  you cannot separate them .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  it s informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
i liked about schmidt a lot  but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
starts slowly  but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the films conclusion powerful and satisfying .
as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
the message of such reflectionsintentional or notis that while no art grows from a vacuum  many artists exist in one .
this sensitive  smart  savvy  compelling comingofage drama delves into the passiveaggressive psychology of codependence and the struggle for selfesteem .
is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i .
even if you do nt know the band or the album s songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and .
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
opening with some contrived banter  cliches and some loose ends  the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
it s not going to be everyone s bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
the weight of the piece  the unerring professionalism of the chilly production  and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
s a gag that s worn a bit thin over the years  though do nt ask still finds a few chuckles .
manages to please its intended audience  children  without placing their parents in a comalike state .
dogtown  zboys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
ash wednesday is not edward burns  best film  but it is a good and ambitious film .
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
dazzling in its complexity  disturbing for its extraordinary themes  the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation  it haunts  horrifies  startles and fascinates  it is impossible to look away  ah yes  and then theres the music .
may not be as cutting  as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when youre a struggling nobody .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i ve seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
a tone of rueful compassion    reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
divertida  enternecedora  universal y profundamente sincera  es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo  una verdadera delicia .
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but it is .
as expected  sayles smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever  though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely  but with restraint  is a treat .
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study thats short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
though the film is static  its writerdirectors heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
overthetop and a bit ostentatious  this is a movie thats got oodles of style and substance .
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
a powerful  inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith  and about hatred that offers no easy  comfortable resolution .
the unexpected thing is that its dying  in this shower of blackandwhite psychedelia  is quite beautiful .
that storytelling has value cannot be denied  not even solondzs thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
et works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr  deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less thanlikely new york celebrities    certainly raises the film above anything sandlers been attached to before .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm  and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape  a james bond series for kids .
it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
though it never rises to its full potential as a film  still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
an offbeat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
the actors are fantastic  they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
a mature  deeply felt fantasy of a director s travel through 300 years of russian history .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made  but .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in mortons everwatchful gaze  and its a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
the byplay and bickering between the now spysavvy siblings  carmen  vega  and juni  sabara  cortez  anchor the film in a very real and amusing giveandtake .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro  could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny  the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story  and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
lrb it s rrb a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
it s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrook s foundation and dalrymple s film earn their uplift .
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material  and he cant help throwing in a few of his own touches .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
even though it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
death to smoochy is often very funny  but whats even more remarkable is the integrity of devitos misanthropic vision .
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally  one so unconventional  gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
young hanks and fisk  who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents  bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
some actors have so much charisma that youd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book  hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
enjoyably dumb  sweet  and intermittently hilarious  if youve a taste for the quirky  steal a glimpse .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
best seen as speculative history  as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but .
its hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when youve seen the remake first  many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity  yet are worthwhile .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his sons home after decades away .
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
its enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japans wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
from the opening strains of the average white bands  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of ones actions .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greene s prose .
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
the modernday royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals  its only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
there arent many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs  the big guys .
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the eras creme de la celluloid .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man .
its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
farrell    thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to williss worldweary colonel .
there s no way you wo nt be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
that it s almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
moonlight mile does nt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books  they ca nt go wrong .
p  t  anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
exploits headbanger stereotypes in good fun  while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
inside the films conflictpowered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out  but its not that  its the tension that keeps you in your seat  affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
this story of a determined womans courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
on its own cinematic terms  it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a bad police shooting .
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
at once subtle and visceral  the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
a rare movie that makes us reassess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
efteriades gives the neighborhood  scenery  vibe and all  the cinematic equivalent of a big  tender hug .
even though we know the outcome  the seesawing of the generals fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
more than anything else  kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre  which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
if youre in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  theres a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
time out is as serious as a pink slip  and more than that  its an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a worldclass fencer and the champion thats made a difference to nyc innercity youth .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one  but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen  just for them .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that its also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
its a cool event for the whole family  maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
the delicious trimmings  arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
ultimate x is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
chouraqui brings documentarylike credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of  ethnic cleansing .
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
once again he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kongs versatile stanley kwan .
mostly works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
nohes documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he isnt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
a special kind of movie  this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento .
directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films  the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
some people march to the beat of a different drum  and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in  this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
a gorgeously strange movie  heaven is deeply concerned with morality  but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
offers much to enjoy    and a lot to mull over in terms of love  loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
…an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
pan nalin s exposition is beautiful and mysterious  and the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye .
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
miyazaki s nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadnt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens  but its still pretty tasty .
ive never seen or heard anything quite like this film  and i recommend it for its originality alone .
s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
building slowly and subtly  the film  sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations  develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
with dirty deeds  david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph  as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmer s tribute to a courageous scottish lady .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nair s film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
if the first men in black was money  the second is small change  but it still jingles in the pocket  its fun lite .
proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping  questing look at a person so racked with selfloathing  he becomes an enemy to his own race .
is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
led by griffins smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm  the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood s comicbook adaptations .
captures the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and films had the ability to mesmerize  astonish and entertain .
a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
mesmerizing  an eyeopening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion  retreat into oblivion and return .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
workmanlike  maybe  but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great  scary times at the movies .
to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
see scratch for the music  see scratch for a lesson in scratching  but  most of all  see it for the passion .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale  and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
on guard   wont be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the worlds best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
cuts against this natural grain  producing a work that s more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get .
in death to smoochy  we dont get williams usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now we ve got something pretty damn close .
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
harris commands the screen  using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
youll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness  but the point is  youll laugh .
despite an overwrought ending  the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
he allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the regions recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
nair s attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
a thoughtful  reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
s about individual moments of mood  and an aimlessness that s actually sort of amazing .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
even if you dont know the band or the albums songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
even if you do nt understand what on earth is going on  this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
a generation x artifact  capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face thats simultaneously painful and refreshing .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
the piano teacher is not an easy film  it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
japanese director shohei imamuras latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
dong makes a valiant effort to understand everyones point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
comedian  like its subjects  delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun  nofrills ride .
a bit of a downer and a little overdramatic at times  but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
tells  the story  with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plots persnickety problems is simply a matter of  being  in a shrugging mood .
honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
the dramatic crisis doesnt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but hupperts volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
imperfect  yes  but also intriguing and honorable  a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
its mostly a pleasure to watch  and the reason for that is a selfaware  often selfmocking  intelligence .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  were never sure how things will work out .
seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
provides the kind of  laugh therapy  i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending .
a densely constructed  highly referential film  and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jeanluc godards finest work .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb  has succeeded beyond all expectation .
is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
the ingenious construction lrb adapted by david hare from michael cunningham s novel rrb constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb .
s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate they re forced to follow .
overall  its a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
writerdirector juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from .
is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of  home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
if you think it s a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman s clothes  then you ll enjoy the hot chick .
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know theres something there  its that good .
has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
you ll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
the storytelling may be ordinary  but the cast is one of those allstar reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
affirms the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
jones  makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
a difficult  absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
there are moments it can be heartrending in an honest and unaffected  and gentle  way .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
even when foreign directors    borrow stuff from hollywood  they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue .
its dark but has wonderfully funny moments  you care about the characters  and the action and special effects are firstrate .
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format .
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
shyamalan turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film  but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex  this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan s architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  it s a lyrical endeavour .
this isnt a narrative film  i dont know if its possible to make a narrative film about september 11th  though im sure some will try  but its as close as anyone has dared to come .
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
the two leads  nearly perfect in their roles  bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
as shaky as the plot is  kaufmans script is still memorable for some great oneliners .
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and  via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and roundrobin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford parks .
it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried  lowkey film that is so offhollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a masters steady stroke .
insomnia is one of the year s best films and pacino gives one of his most daring  and complicated  performances .
mostly martha could have used a little trimming  10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice  but its a pleasurable trifle  the only pain youll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
you just know something terrible is going to happen  but when it does  youre entirely unprepared .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
the years happiest surprise  a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
nakatas technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
boasts some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities .
shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
from the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when youre ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character  something happens to send you off in different direction .
i know that ill never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
the film does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course    director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him .
you dont need to know your icets from your cooljs to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
fans of critics  darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
if you re in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
katz s documentary does nt have much panache  but with material this rich it does nt need it .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances  caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose  its a sight to behold .
that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images .
like an episode of mtvs undressed  with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance    indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
special p  o  v  camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but its certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined gradegrubbers to shame .
if youre looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
theres really only one good idea in this movie  but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
dazzles with its fullywritten characters  its determined stylishness  which always relates to characters and story  and johnny dankworths best soundtrack in years .
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
what makes this film special is serrys ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year    a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that isnt afraid to admit it doesnt have all the answers .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that s so prevalent on the rock .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman .
personal velocity has a nofrills docudogma plainness  yet miller lingers on invisible  nearly psychic nuances  leaping into digressions of memory and desire  she boxes these womens souls right open for us .
japanese director shohei imamura s latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son s home after decades away .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo nt be disappointed .
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
like smoke signals  the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart  it really is a shame that more wont get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet evelyn .
it will grip even viewers who arent interested in rap  as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline that i have nt encountered since at least pete s dragon .
a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him .
mr deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam  it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
while mcfarlanes animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other comingofage films    its also so jarring that its hard to get back into the boys story .
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplays sappier elements    and sustains off the hooks buildup with remarkable assuredness for a firsttimer .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world wed live in if argentos hollywood counterparts    had this much imagination and nerve .
but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
but believe it or not  it s one of the most beautiful  evocative works i ve seen .
for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
an important movie  a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus  if the lines work  the humor has point and .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
maggie g makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
lead actress gaï  she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile  is a towering siren .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles  but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
if no one singles out any of these performances as awardworthy  its only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
for all its failed connections  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood is nurturing  in a gauzy  dithering way .
if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
directed with purpose and finesse by englands roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson  gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances  as schmidt  nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but at the very least  his secret life will leave you thinking .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away survives intact in bv s revoiced version .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of  the lord of the rings  trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
lrb  take care of my cat  rrb is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
if there s no art here  it s still a good yarn  which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
you could love safe conduct  laissez passer  for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long  you could hate it for the same reason .
there is nothing outstanding about this film  but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly  neurotic  and selfabsorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
we root for clara and paul  even like them  though perhaps its an emotion closer to pity .
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderbergh s solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
even if you have no interest in the ganginfested  eastvs  west coast rap wars  this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and .
theres something auspicious  and daring  too  about the artistic instinct that pushes a majorityoriented director like steven spielberg to follow a  i  with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man  the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring  inventive and impressive .
are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
although its a bit smug and repetitive  this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
depending upon your reaction to this movie  you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was    hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed  joyous romp of a film .
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
the performances are amiable and committed  and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
if you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set  it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo nt be disappointed .
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
although what time offers tsais usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
this is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
fairytale formula  serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions  its touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor  like blended shades of lipstick  these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
as exmarine walter  who may or may not have shot kennedy  actor raymond j  barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
moody  heartbreaking  and filmed in a natural  unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that doesnt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century  and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets  its alarmingly current .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
lawrence bounces all over the stage  dancing  running  sweating  mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
its an example of sophisticated  challenging filmmaking that stands  despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft  in welcome contrast to the indulgent deadend experimentation of the directors previous full frontal .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art thats there to scare while we delight in the images .
writerdirector burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words dont really do the era justice  you have to see it .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek  as well as a serious debt to the road warrior   but it feels like unrealized potential .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
there s a lot of good material here  but there s also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments   frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that it s forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
come from the script s insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale s antics .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored .
try as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson  this movie will worm its way there .
shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and its also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment im likely to see all year .
lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america s skindeep notions of pulchritude .
its a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency  the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
with one exception  every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like its a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
must for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
its a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver  é então que sinais realmente desaponta .
russell makes good b movies  the mask  the blob   and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what evans had  lost  and got back .
pratfalls aside  barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
drug abuse  infidelity and death are nt usually comedy fare  but turpin s film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
kinnear doesnt aim for our sympathy  but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film  not everyone will play the dark  challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
chronicle not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
a savage john waterslike humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcocks thrillers  most of the scary parts in signs occur while waiting for things to happen .
holofcener s film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
its like a  big chill  reunion of the baadermeinhof gang  only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
me no lika da accents so good  but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story  scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
some people want the ol ballandchain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain .
to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the worlds remarkably varying human population and mindset  and its capacity to heal using creative  natural and ancient antidotes .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
its a good film  but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true epic .
which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh  not as good as the original  but what is .
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies    but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
a movie thats just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guiltypleasure  sobaditsfunny level .
shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
so unassuming and pure of heart  you cant help but warmly extend your arms and yell safe .
affectionately reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
it must be the end of the world  the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
claude chabrol s camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming    just a simple fable done in an artless sytle  but its tremendously moving .
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and .
it s soulful and unslick  and that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
long after you leave justine  youll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best  whatever that might mean .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  its a work of enthralling drama .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved  this makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
its a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness  while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but .
the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
plan to make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltowns seasoned veterans of gossip  wealth  paranoia  and celebrityhood .
her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera  this oscarnominated documentary takes you there .
rises  above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
i have a new favorite musical  and i m not even a fan of the genre .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made  its a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing cant possibly be enough .
baran isnt the most transporting or gripping film from iran  or  indeed  by its director  but its a worthy companion to the many fine  focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
celebrated at sundance  this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy  glib charm thats hard to beat .
heres yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise .
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict  adolescent yearning  the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society .
birthday girl does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isnt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
smart  funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
what makes this film special is serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  they ll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated  discerning taste  this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their    off for an hourandahalf .
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
lrb breheny s rrb lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
the cast  keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no  1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
astonishingly skillful and moving  it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of children s entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
this slight premise  works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
it is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her  trying to understand her and wondering if shell crack .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain  but his smart  edgy voice and waddling profile  emphasized here  accent the humor of wilsons plight  and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
the film delivers not just the full assault of renos immense wit and insight  but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
the films considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wont care .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
poignant and moving  a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding  with better characters  some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style  the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne .
moores complex and important film is also  believe it or not  immensely entertaining  a david and goliath story thats still very much playing itself out .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma  and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
an actionthriller of the finest kind  evoking memories of day of the jackal  the french connection  and heat .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
that rare film whose reallife basis is  in fact  so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons .
if you re willing to have fun with it  you wo nt feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
it s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but .
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
it s got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
streamlined to a tight  brisk 85minute screwball thriller   big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
i like it  there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude  this fastpaced and this insane .
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes  and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame  its a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
bravo for history rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
heres a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility  yet just as determined to entertain you .
an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
director peter jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkiens writing that every frame produces new joys  whether youre a fan of the books or not .
gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal selfdiscovery and a picaresque view of a littleremembered world .
theres nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie  without neglecting character development for even one minute .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
there is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
the plot of the comeback curlers is nt very interesting actually  but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what s unique and quirky about canadians .
s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange  stark beauty of the mideast desert  so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
lrb  safe conduct  rrb is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage .
without ever becoming didactic  director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
raimi and his team could nt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of childrens entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
may be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
its riccis best work yet  this girlwoman who sincerely believes she can thwart the worlds misery with blind good will .
as they used to say in the 1950s scifi movies  signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
s been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
stuffed to the brim with ideas  american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a blackowned record label with a whiteempowered police force .
despite the predictable parent vs  child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
what does nt this film have that an impressionable kid could nt stand to hear .
a real movie  about real people  that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us dont know .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  it s a spirited film and a mustsee .
beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
the rich performances by friel  and especially williams  an american actress who becomes fully english  round out the square edges .
there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler  liberated from the constraints of formula  reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean s themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
there s nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches  the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
whether youre moved and love it  or bored or frustrated by the film  youll still feel something .
s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  youre on the edge of your seat .
ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
may be spoofing an easy target  those old 50s giant creature features  but    it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
as an introduction to the man s theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
pacino is brilliant as the sleepdeprived dormer  his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to antisemitism and neofascism .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained .
mr polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller  it s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course  director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies  and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life s messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
meyjes  has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
it would be interesting to hear from the other side  but in talk to her  the women are down for the count .
the determination of pinochet s victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
if youre content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous directors life  eisenstein delivers .
packed to bursting with incident  and with scores of characters  some fictional  some from history .
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
those who dont entirely get godards distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the films verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinsteins bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmarks dogma movement .
in between all the emotional seesawing  its hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived  but they fascinate in their recklessness .
invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness  but seldahl and wollters sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
director benoit jacquot  making his first operatofilm translation with tosca  conveys the heaving passion of puccinis famous lovejealousy murdersuicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
some of the most ravaging  gutwrenching  frightening war scenes since  saving private ryan  have been recreated by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
if jagloms latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
though nijinskys words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
ms hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and .
oh  james  your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonnas cameo doesnt suck .
robert harmon s lessismore approach delivers real bumpin  thenight chills  his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film s thick shadows .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed  the french lieutenant s woman .
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb  ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
steven soderberghs digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
like mike isnt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience  young bow wow fans   with nothing but net .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches    gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
the film  while not exactly assured in its execution  is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
if you ve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart .
a wellrounded tribute to a man whose achievements  and complexities  reached far beyond the end zone .
vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion  but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hitman in this dark tale of revenge .
shows why  of all the period s volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
a thoughtprovoking look at how western foreign policy  however well intentioned  can wreak havoc in other cultures .
a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
for all its problems  the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hiphop documentary should give  scratch  a second look .
short and sweet  but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
by the end of the movie  you re definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
ca nt quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
return to never land is reliable  standard disney animated fare  with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
that it ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
though it s equally solipsistic in tone  the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot  putting together familiar themes of family  forgiveness and love in a new way  lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
it s excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielbergs schindlers list  but mr  polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr  spielbergs 1993 classic .
its the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
its still adam sandler  and its not little nicky  and for many of us  thats good enough .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy   but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
most impressive  though  is the films openended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters emotional wounds .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes hes been making for the last several years .
the wanton slipperiness of  corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattans architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
a crisp psychological drama lrb and rrb a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didnt try to .
involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
a lovely film    elegant  witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic    hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its sources complexity .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park  as well as one  ms  mirren  who did   has succeeded beyond all expectation .
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
while i ca nt say it s on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  its informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
what saves it    and makes it one of the better videogamebased flicks  is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old  like being able to hit on a 15year old when youre over 100 .
fontaines direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
it s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
zhang    has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when its approached with imagination and flair .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet it s potentially just as rewarding .
is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro    couldnt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
lrb has rrb an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
s a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
directed by kevin bray  whose crisp framing  edgy camera work  and wholesale ineptitude with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently    but peter matteis love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive  if tragic  note .
has far more energy  wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
all in all  the count of monte cristo is okay  but it is surely no classic  like the novel upon which it is based .
this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
i d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
merges his collaborators  symbolic images with his words  insinuating  for example  that in hollywood  only god speaks to the press .
its an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
impossible as it may sound  this films heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
its a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock  garry shandling and colin quinn .
expect no major discoveries  nor any stylish sizzle  but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
could have been crisper and punchier  but it s likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
writerdirector alexander payne lrb election rrb and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
it s refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy  diesel  with his brawny frame and cool  composed delivery  fits the bill perfectly .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
hands down the years most thoughtprovoking film  but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
it dares to be a little different  and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
beautiful  angry and sad  with a curious sick poetry  as if the marquis de sade .
hatosy    portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
its a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocions attentions .
felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
for more than two decades mr  nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do nt .
a highspirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinema s capability for recording truth .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection  so we believe these characters love each other .
find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the operas drama and lyricism .
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make cherish a very good  but not great  movie .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out  but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but it s pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
terrific as nadia  a russian mailorder bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english  its kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
anyone with a passion for cinema  and indeed sex  should see it as soon as possible .
that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
the courage to go over the top and movies that do nt care about being stupid .
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
by turns touching  raucously amusing  uncomfortable  and  yes  even sexy  never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers ive seen in quite a long time .
it is a kickass  dense scifi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some  i havent seen one in so long  no wonder i didnt recognize it at first .
s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
a thunderous ride at first  quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like youve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one .
take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
i have a new favorite musical  and im not even a fan of the genre .
nicole holofceners lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of womens films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators  scratch is great fun  full of the kind of energy it s documenting .
whatever one makes of its political edge  this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema s master craftsmen .
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
bleakly funny  its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the scripts bad ideas and awkwardness .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions .
fessenden s narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
like kissing jessica stein  amy s orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
astonishingly skillful and moving    it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
its often infuriatingly glib and posturing  and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we re seeing something purer than the real thing .
that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  it s a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky  spirited fashion .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances  keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
defies logic  the laws of physics and almost anyones willingness to believe in it  but darned if it doesnt also keep us riveted to our seats .
slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
an incredibly lowrent danish film  it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way  if a little convenient .
the ingenious construction  adapted by david hare from michael cunninghams novel  constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm  the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that shouldnt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual .
unlike most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes  metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right .
is it a total success  no  is it something any true film addict will want to check out  you bet .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of comingofage cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but it lacks a strong narrative .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
lees achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a cleareyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble  there isnt a weak or careless performance amongst them .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melvilles plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast    have made the old boys characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs .
s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca nt be dismissed as mindless .
a fine effort  an interesting topic  some intriguing characters and a sad ending  certainly the big finish wasnt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for    but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
with a large cast representing a broad crosssection  taverniers film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
macdowell  gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
it is intensely personal and yet  unlike quills  deftly shows us the temper of the times .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
one of recent memorys most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it s hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or .
is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
passions  obsessions  and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits  lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light lrb yet unsentimental rrb touch .
earns its laughs from stock redneck types and from the many  many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose  the play behind the thing .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
lrb there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
it s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
what enlivens this film  beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors  is a note of defiance over social dictates .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling  murder by numbers  delivers a magnetic performance .
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion  it risks seeming slow and pretentious  because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
cho s face is rrb an amazing slapstick instrument  creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
cockettes has the glorious  gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days  featuring all manner of drag queen  bearded lady and lactating hippie .
whether seen on a 10inch television screen or at your local multiplex  the edgeofyourseat  educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
all in all  brown sugar is a satisfying wellmade romantic comedy thats both charming and well acted  it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
a fun family movie that s suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh .
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
there s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  you re on the edge of your seat .
it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13yearold girls life .
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
vividly conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any arthouse moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planets skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
even with all its botches  enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and wellmade entertainment .
its not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
ou ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a tightly directed  highly professional film that s oldfashioned in all the best possible ways .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen .
after watching it  you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
while undisputed isnt exactly a high  it is a gripping  tidy little movie that takes mr  hill higher than hes been in a while .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but theres nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but .
is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
to those who have not read the book  the film is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
doug liman  the director of bourne  directs the traffic well  gets a nice wintry look from his locations  absorbs us with the movies spycraft and uses damons ability to be focused and sincere .
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical  the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity  mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
do nt judge this one too soon  it s a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  its very much like life itself .
there s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney s 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
its an old story  but a lively script  sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one mans tortured soul .
reno delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments    but its such a warm and charming package that youll feel too happy to argue much .
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
in all  this is a watchable movie thats not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
brims with passion  for words  for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy  what time is it there  may prove to be tsais masterpiece .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
it s too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling  but as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but .
around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcueras attention to detail .
are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
does what a fine documentary does best  it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world  then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys .
ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
is nt a retooled genre piece  the tale of a guy and his gun  but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the seas interpersonal drama  it aint halfbad .
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
the story    is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is  it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that its based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
an exhilarating futuristic thrillernoir  minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story  delivering a riveting  pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order .
s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
a coda in every sense  the pinochet case splits time between a minutebyminute account of the british courts extradition chess game and the regimes talkinghead survivors .
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the films city beginnings into its country conclusion .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral  and  hence  more chillingly effective .
if a horror movie s primary goal is to frighten and disturb  then they works spectacularly well  a shiverinducing  nerverattling ride .
gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters suffering .
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
adaptation s success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if were seeing something purer than the real thing .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle  the first half of gangster no  1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb  the movie is powerful and provocative .
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
us  is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but .
to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
as wellacted and wellintentioned as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
writerdirector david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
a movie that both thrills the eye and  in its overthetop way  touches the heart .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
weve seen the hippieturnedyuppie plot before  but theres an enthusiastic charm in i  fire that makes the formula fresh again .
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system .
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
really have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
although olivier assayas elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation    its threehour running time plays closer to two .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
spielbergs realization of a nearfuture america is masterful  this makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
if you re looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining  you re in luck .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we re touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but it is nevertheless compelling .
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
tov to a film about a family s joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
while not for every taste  this often very funny collegiate grossout comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isnt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white  but tobacks deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
it confirms finchers status as a film maker who artfully bends technical knowhow to the service of psychological insight .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character  but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
lrb rises rrb above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
disney has always been hitormiss when bringing beloved kids books to the screen    tuck everlasting is a little of both .
as quiet  patient and tenacious as mr  lopez himself  who approaches his difficult  endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
an offbeat  sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
it s touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
is in its examination of america s culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
family portrait of need  neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
franco is an excellent choice for the walledoff but combustible hustler  but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
is our story as much as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild .
if sm seems like a strange route to true love  maybe it is  but its to this films  and its makers  credit that we believe that thats exactly what these two people need to find each other  and themselves .
still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport .
one of recent memory s most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv .
by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers .
worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious  but restrained and subtle storytelling .
d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams  however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
now as a former gong show addict  ill admit it  my only complaint is that we didnt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
based on dave barrys popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters moves and overlapping story .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae its like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say  entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp  overmanipulative hollywood practices .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and were touched by the films conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
its the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
me without you  is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
it s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
mr  clooney  mr  kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
hardly a masterpiece  but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
between the drama of cube  s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture  iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story  with charming results .
it uses an oldtime formula  its not terribly original and its rather messy  but you just have to love the big  dumb  happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte could want .
there arent too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming  without a thick shmear of the goo  at least   but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the years most enjoyable releases .
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
complex  affecting and uniquely almodóvar  the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes  it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way    that feels very human and very true to life .
this is a gorgeous film  vivid with color  music and life  delight your senses and crash this wedding .
if youre a fan of the series youll love it and probably want to see it twice  i will be .
to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca nt overcome  but it s a nice girlbuddy movie once it gets rocknrolling .
with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
beneath the films obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film does nt ignore the more problematic aspects of brown s life .
though writerdirector bart freundlich s film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parentchild relationship  it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup s anchoring performance .
hits one out of the park for the they dont make em like that anymore department .
hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue  if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres  mores the pity .
ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
the flyonthewall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the documakers being a visible part of their work .
haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
visits spymovie territory like a novel you cant put down  examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen  and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions  walt becker s film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
while there are times when the films reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it doesnt .
triple x is a double agent  and hes one bad dude  when youve got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation  it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
into a tragic comingofage saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane s superhero dystopia .
going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
what bubbles up out of john c  walshs pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
the enjoyable undercover brother  a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild  dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype  the celebrity  the high life  the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men  promising  talented  charismatic and tragically doomed .
has too many spots where it s on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being  the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
the largeframe imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic  still  not every lowbudget movie must be quirky or bleak  and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
the story  is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
savvy director robert j siegel and his cowriters keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
what really happened   is a question for philosophers  not filmmakers  all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
director paul coxs unorthodox  abstract approach to visualizing nijinskys diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee  and it still is .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills  the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and .
its better to go in knowing full well whats going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists  cynics need not apply .
spiderman is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff  if youre a comic fan  you cant miss it  if youre not  youll still have a good time .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
a celebration of quirkiness  eccentricity  and certain individuals tendency to let it all hang out  and damn the consequences .
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had todays moodaltering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
it s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and goodhearted professionalism .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but .
with notorious c  h  o  cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
probes in a lighthearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
a fun family movie thats suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh  cry and realize  its never too late to believe in your dreams .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldlywise and very funny script .
despite lagging near the finish line  the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew  and its directed by    neil labute  hmm .
so beautifully acted and directed  its clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
nair doesnt treat the issues lightly  she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers  its a taunt a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film  but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney s darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and .
its not a great monster movie  but if youve paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn  theres guilty fun to be had here  chomp chomp .
with amazing finesse  the film shadows heidi s trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother  mai thi kim  still lives .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater .
does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
that this film was nt as bad as i thought it was going to be .
in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
it s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and  more specifically  behind the camera .
barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinemas capability for recording truth .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company s previous video work .
turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
its got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it didnt entirely grab me  but theres stuff here to like .
thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
sure  its contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though its never as solid as you want it to be .
that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you cant fake .
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy  the movie  is  also  frequently hilarious .
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you dont want to be .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy  and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
not for the prurient or squeamish  its a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture  selfloathing and sexual politics .
denis and cowriter michele petins impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing  lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances .
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
theres none of the happilyever after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and thats part of what makes dover kosashvilis outstanding feature debut so potent .
the yayas have many secrets and one is  the books are better  translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
here is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
a fascinating case study of flowerpower liberation  and the price that was paid for it .
it s far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
in its own aloof  unreachable way it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
an incredibly thoughtful  deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
mostly  goldbacher just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
like kissing jessica stein  amys orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
the bourne identity should nt be half as entertaining as it is  but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
graphic sex may be whats attracting audiences to unfaithful  but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the funloving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative  handbagclutching sarandon .
of sense of humor that derives from a workman s grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant .
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
though its not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone .
a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of lifes harshness .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love  racial tension  and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwers refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source s complexity .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle  and by the end  we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
if the film has a problem  its shortness disappoints  you want the story to go on and on .
still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
y tu mamá también is hilariously  gloriously alive  and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
it s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
fridas artistic brilliance is undeniable  its among the most breathtakingly designed films ive ever seen .
then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
despite a quieter middle section  involving aragorns dreams of arwen  this is even better than the fellowship  there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
an oddity  to be sure  but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
without resorting to hyperbole  i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best samesex romance i have seen .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
there s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but  also one of the most curiously depressing .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
intriguing and beautiful film  but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
like most bond outings in recent years  some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike  a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions  its just too bad it doesnt have more flashes of insight .
the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
its incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated  just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and it s all the stronger because of it .
with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know its going to be a trip  igby goes down is one of those movies .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things  unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
the performances are strong  though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
by the end of no such thing the audience  like beatrice  has a watchful affection for the monster .
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
and more than that  it s an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
in auteil s less dramatic but equally incisive performance  he s a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
the films best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca nt help but engage an audience .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families  but it s not halfbad .
13 conversations  holds its goodwill close  but is relatively slow to come to the point .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  its an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but its worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience  but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
for the most part  director annesophie birots first feature is a sensitive  extraordinarily wellacted drama .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if theyre ghosts imagining themselves as alive  its a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke  made creepy by its  men in a sardine can  warped logic .
duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley  paxton  making his directorial feature debut  does strong  measured work .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that its forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
a quietly introspective portrait of the selfesteem of employment and the shame of losing a job .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intactos  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote  and cannier doppelganger  to diesels xxx flexathon .
austin powers in goldmember  has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
a distinguished and thoughtful film  marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
it will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form  youll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks face than his wife is .
is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated  not to mention absolutely refreshed .
with dickens words and writerdirector douglas mcgraths eventoned direction  a ripping good yarn is told .
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizensespecially the a   holes .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
its sweet  its funny  it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt  and  thanks to the presence of the king   it also rocks .
it s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
too often  son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
the film is moody  oozing  chilling and heartwarming all at once  a twisting  unpredictable  catandmouse thriller .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb .
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr  wongs in the mood for love  very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
candid and comfortable  a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
returning director rob minkoff  and screenwriter bruce joel rubin  have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world we d live in if argento s hollywood counterparts  had this much imagination and nerve .
nervy and sensitive  it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement  and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .
a funny and wellcontructed black comedy where the old adage  be careful what you wish for  is given a full workout .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels  so  too  is this comedy about mild culture clashing in todays new delhi .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
the pictures fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions  ill settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
argento  at only 26  brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
the acting  costumes  music  cinematography and sound are all astounding given the productions austere locales .
to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
as allens execution date closes in  the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
though the film is static  its writerdirector s heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
berry s saucy  fullbodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
this is wild surreal stuff  but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like youre going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that should nt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
director nancy savocas nofrills record of a show forged in stillraw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 911 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
s also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys direction is clever and insightful .
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
if it tried to do anything more  it would fail and perhaps explode  but at this level of manic whimsy  it is just about right .
the movie enters a realm where few nonporn films venture  and comes across as darkly funny  energetic  and surprisingly gentle .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered  but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and .
lovely and poignant  puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
the film is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe  but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible  that  in itself  is extraordinary .
director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but it feels like unrealized potential .
allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
you really have to salute writerdirector haneke  he adapted elfriede jelineks novel  for making a film that isnt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare  its also  clearly  great fun .
makes one thing abundantly clear  american musical comedy as we know it wouldnt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfunssake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and .
feeling to it  but like the 1920 s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way  last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
the ring is worth a look  if you dont demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds  it doesnt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
a rich tale of our times  very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
openended and composed of layer upon layer  talk to her is a cinephiles feast  an invitation to countless interpretations .
it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
with tightly organized efficiency  numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension  millers film is one of 2002s involvingly adult surprises .
firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
often overwrought and at times positively irritating  the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
unfolds in a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
its a great deal of sizzle and very little steak  but what spectacular sizzle it is     in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
of color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
moonlight mile doesnt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
lrb the cockettes rrb provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side  thats because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope  there s something creepy about this movie .
alis graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an overamorous terrier .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the maker s minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought  and is best watched that way .
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms its inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace s maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmakers extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
for the first twothirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful  always fast and furious tale  kids will go happily along for the ride .
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
in questioning the election process  payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
although melodramatic and predictable  this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration  but ive got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .
nicole holofcener s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
i know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
much of the movies charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo  their computeranimated faces are very expressive .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
like a tarantino movie with heart  alias betty is richly detailed  deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
it isnt that the picture is unfamiliar  but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers do nt have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
mostly  lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
prays film works well and will appeal even to those who arent too familiar with turntablism .
burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate s reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
definitely funny stuff  but it s more of the  laughing at  variety than the  laughing with .
human experience  drama  conflict  tears and surprise  that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mind  maybe too much .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth cant help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
while the now 72yearold robert evans been slowed down by a stroke  he has at least one more story to tell  his own .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kidsinperil theatrics  but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and .
perhaps its cliche to call the film refreshing   but it is  drumline shows a level of young  black manhood that is funny  touching  smart and complicated .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
the magic  and original running time  of ace japanimator hayao miyazakis spirited away survives intact in bvs revoiced version .
is an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and the decidedly foul stylings of their postmodern contemporaries  the farrelly brothers .
today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wildes classic satire .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
the structure is simple  but in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about .
if you can read the subtitles  the opera is sung in italian  and you like masterpiece theatre type costumes  youll enjoy this movie .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dasss latest book aimed at the boomer demographic  but mostly its a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
got a david lynch jones  then youd do well to check this one out because its straight up twin peaks action .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the films length becomes a part of its fun .
s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra  it finds a nice rhythm .
what a concept  what an idea  what a thrill ride  this is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
allen se atreve a atacar  a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración .
if you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie you re looking for .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by reallife events  those seeking a definitive account of eisensteins life would do better elsewhere .
if  lilo  stitch  isnt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film  whats left is a rich stew of longing .
