pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free  theres no good answer to that one .
the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
it s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhangs forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
like shrek  spirit s visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenbergs the prince of egypt from 1998 .
as a featurelength film  it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap  it would have benefitted the dialogue .
theres a heavy stench of been there  done that hanging over the film  its everything youd expect  but nothing more .
was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
i dont think ive been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamotos iron man .
nicolas cage isnt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and this movie wont create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters  the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor  ethnic slurs .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audiences spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
could as easily have been called  under siege 3  in alcatraz   a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
if you recognize zeus  the dog from snatch  it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs – sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i do nt know what she s doing in here .
one long  numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
egoyans work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then .
the quiet american isnt a bad film  its just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
a darkaspitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality  probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu .
not only is it hokey  manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
all the wellmeaningness in the world cant erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12step program for the jewish nazi .
alice s adventure through the looking glass and into zombieland  is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
for a film about two mismatched buddies  crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is  he fails .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event thats far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
spielbergs first real masterpiece  it deserved all the hearts it won  and wins still  20 years later .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know there s something there .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what s wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
i think it was plato who said   i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
it understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
manages to be somewhat wellacted  not badly artdirected and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling  touching or  yikes  uproarious .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago    has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
flavorful and romantic  you could call this how martha got her groove back  assuming  that is  she ever had one to begin with .
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
from mtv schmucks who do nt know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless specialeffects excess .
a fine film  but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention  but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies  as hannibal would say  yes  its like having an old friend for dinner .
it s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo nt seem like such a bore .
ninety minutes of viva castro  can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
lrb f rrb rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life  his fictional yvans neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
it s so badly made on every level that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
at the films centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone  but it holds you with its outrageousness .
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play  even at its best  it will never hold a candle to the original .
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
the three leads produce adequate performances  but whats missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writerdirector kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
if you saw it on tv  you d probably turn it off  convinced that you had already seen that movie .
is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
screenwriter pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages  spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that is nt afraid to admit it .
are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there  for everybody who wants to be a kid again  or show it to their own kids .
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
she s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
suspend your disbelief here and now  or you ll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
charles entertaining film chronicles seinfelds return to standup comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom  alongside wannabe comic adams attempts to get his shot at the big time .
it s an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom  bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laserbeam eyes  which unfortunately dont enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
that frenetic spectacle lrb on the tv show rrb has usually been leavened by a charm that s conspicuously missing from the girls  bigscreen blowout .
s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure .
the film doesnt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
its no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
for decades weve marveled at disneys rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world  prepare to marvel again .
here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
though jackson does nt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape .
when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
analyze that  is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
shamelessly resorting to peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myers energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
lisa rinzlers cinematography may be lovely  but love lizas tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
in exactly 89 minutes  most of which passed as slowly as if id been sitting naked on an igloo  formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
i do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
its pushthelimits teen comedy  the type written by people who cant come up with legitimate funny  and its used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters    margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
though the story    is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality its one tough rock .
these people wouldnt know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
methodical  measured  and gently tedious in its comedy  secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why its so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
pottymouthed enough for pg13  yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
one would be hardpressed to find a movie with a bigger  fatter heart than barbershop .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where youve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wont see the next six .
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile  its petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but huppert s volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
it s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
an animation landmark as monumental as disneys 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture  but .
its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
it s hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious cho still feels like a promising workinprogress .
gets the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent  but as is  personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
is nt it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout  even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
a comprehensive and provocative film  one that pushes the boundaries of biography  and challenges its audience .
with the films striking ending  one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
dialogueheavy and too cerebral for its own good  or  at any rate  too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
unlike his directorial efforts  la femme nikita and the professional  the transporter lacks bessons perspective as a storyteller .
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
discards the potential for pathological study  exhuming instead  the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
the lowkey direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense  claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety  it dives into soapy bathos .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
youll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and  perhaps  give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
its sobering  particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily  or soon .
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness  making them meaningful for both kids and churchwary adults .
look at morality  family  and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who havent read the book .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we ve long associated with washington the actor .
s an unusual  thoughtful biodrama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
whats missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens deviant behaviour  being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting  but theyll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
in trying to be daring and original  it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
a fanciful drama about napoleon s last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwoods loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
cassavetes thinks hes making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all hes done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging  suffering and the prospect of death .
its excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best old neighborhood project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
scherfig  the writerdirector  has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar  yes  soar .
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry bmovie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie  roses film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes  like a marathon runner trying to finish a race  you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank .
even on its own ludicrous terms  the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum  and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
to better understand why this didnt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wont be sitting through this one again    that in itself is commentary enough .
the romance between the leads is nt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
those prone to indignation need not apply  those susceptible to blue hilarity  step right up .
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movies darker turns .
throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the minimodmadness of 60s spy movies .
this englishlanguage version    does full honor to miyazakis teeming and often unsettling landscape  and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform  and the visuals  even erotically frank ones  become dullingly repetitive .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting  chops  and they take full advantage .
when it s not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
the film    presents classic moralcondundrum drama  what would you have done to survive  the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
a little uneven to be the cat s meow  but it s good enough to be the purr .
hey  happy  is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all its a love story as sanguine as its title .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet .
runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
its a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movies end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
while its nothing we havent seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that its more than a worthwhile effort .
supposedly based upon real  or at least soberly reported incidents  the film ends with a large human tragedy  alas  getting there is not even half the interest .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored  audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity  profanity and violence  labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
from the opening strains of the average white band s  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
its grossout gags and colorful set pieces    are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half  still  it gets the job done  a sleepy afternoon rental .
its tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series .
vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
what s most memorable about circuit is that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeares plays .
a  home alone  film that is staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans  but by no means all  will have fun with .
directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
its crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad it .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
late marriage is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
mandel holland s direction is uninspired  and his scripting unsurprising  but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning .
it s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen  loud  violent and mindless .
oddly  the film isnt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone thats alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery  murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great    im not  and then i realized that i just didnt care .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
the film is a blunt indictment  part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts    but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama  but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the movie isnt always easy to look at  but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life  than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
ultimately  the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts lifes stasis .
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that lifes ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced  its affecting  amusing  sad and reflective .
originality aint on the menu  but theres never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray .
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its notsostock characters .
in theory  a middleaged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising  but in practice its something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
theres real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
pc stability notwithstanding  the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat  fairytale conclusion .
the film s centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free .
nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
apparently writerdirector attal thought he need only cast himself and his moviestar wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb delivers a magnetic performance .
despite bearing the paramount imprint  its a bargainbasement european pickup  whats hard to understand is why anybody picked it up  wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there .
too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
while the film is not entirely successful  it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but it s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
there s not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
an appalling ace ventura ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton  if any of them list this credit on their resumes in the future  thatll be much funnier than anything in the film .
if were to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because shes french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because theyre clueless and inept .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the worlds most generic rock star .
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but there s only one problem .
son of the bride may be a good halfhour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction  its flamelike  roiling blackandwhite inspires trembling and gratitude .
in a 102minute film  aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time     most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
while broomfields film doesnt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role  she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
if you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
in the end  punchdrunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did  sometimes  thats enough .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story  the films more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre  but what about the countless other people whod merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and .
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954  shelved for 48 years  and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who  having survived  suffered most .
is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end    you almost dont notice the 129minute running time .
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
a film that presents an interesting  even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
its not too fast and not too slow  its not too racy and its not too offensive  its not too much of anything .
yes  4ever is harmless in the extreme and itll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes  but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away .
of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
birot creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenberg s the prince of egypt from 1998 .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a childrens party clown gets violently gangraped  i didnt think so .
are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
like a fish that s lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral  its a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
it s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that he s the best brush in the business .
newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
there s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
its the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesnt think about percentages all day long .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot  lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macys thanksgiving day parade balloon  extra heavyduty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
…it wasnt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film…it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something   ending .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and it s certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  its really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
cqs reflection of artists and the love of cinemaandself suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and .
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
hits every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
its good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative  the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devitos early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
im not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxvilles stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
it s crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
a very wellmeaning movie  and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
spectacular in every sense of the word  even if you don  t know an orc from a urukhai .
it wo nt hold up over the long haul  but in the moment  finch s tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
cute  funny  heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids  lots of injokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy  its sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story doesnt have a single surprise up its sleeve  but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining .
to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life .
ambition is in short supply in the cinema  and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters crises with seriousness and compassion .
doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer s previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
whereas last years exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie  this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
paid in full is so stale  in fact  that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palmas scarface  thats a cheat .
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
what the director can8217  t do is make either of val kilmer8217  s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
does nt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
its unnerving to see recoings bizzarre reaction to his unemployment  good film  but very glum .
uses quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
the film is painfully authentic  and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
just consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
does little more than play an innocuous game of fillin theblanks with a tragic past .
can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
the good is very  very good    the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
less the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters  but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
a gushy episode of  m  a  s  h  only this time from an asian perspective .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did  with a serious minded patience  respect and affection .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed  issues  like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
a sweet  tender sermon about a 12yearold welsh boy more curious about god than girls  who learns that believing in something does matter .
holland lets things peter out midway  but it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity thats perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand .
the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
this kiddieoriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
a spunky  original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
its plotless  shapeless  and yet  it must be admitted  not entirely humorless  indeed  the more outrageous bits achieve a shockyouintolaughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
kung pow is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way .
s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
nelsons movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised  unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
it s easy to love robin tunney  she s pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
though jackson doesnt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape  it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces do nt quite fit together .
the film s images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochets crimes a political context  his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
is rrb one of the few reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
at one man s occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
smiths point is simple and obvious  peoples homes are extensions of themselves  and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces  but his subjects are charmers .
measured against practically any likethemed film other than its oscarsweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs  red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
lrb seems rrb even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly moneygrubbing than most thirdrate horror sequels .
i can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
like the hanks character  he s a slow study  the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages .
its a demented kitsch mess  although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative   but its savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
tavernier s film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and .
a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness  but what is missing from it all is a moral  what is the filmmakers point  why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery .
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure  and this is a better film than his earlier englishlanguage movie  the overpraised elizabeth .
while it s all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch  so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
nairs cast is so large its altmanesque  but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
fifty years after the fact  the world s political situation seems little different  and lrb director phillip rrb noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
juliette binoches sand is vivacious  but its hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock s fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
this is not a jackie chan movie  its just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it  and that makes all the difference .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck  wait till you see maid in manhattan .
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
the series  message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent  as do the girls  amusing personalities .
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
more than their unique residences  home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers .
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
off with an inauspicious premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button  just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  hes taken one of the worlds most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
the film doesnt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
fresh and raw like a blownout vein  narc takes a walkingdead  copflick subgenre and beats new life into it .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  were wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
the problem is not that its all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes  the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
as an introduction to the mans theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  its invaluable .
he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and .
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic  parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
like many such biographical melodramas  it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
no amount of nostalgia for carveys glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carveys considerable talents are wasted in it .
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
brian tufano s handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky s excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow  enter the fist .
leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
the whole affair  true story or not  feels incredibly hokey  lrb it rrb comes off like a hallmark commercial .
the re enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject  you experience it as you watch .
it s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you dont care who fires the winning shot .
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
jacquot s strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene  and then it caved in .
doesnt come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
slack and uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that youre left with a sour taste in your mouth .
for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
exciting and direct  with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit  it would fit chan like a 99 bargainbasement special .
waiting for godard can be fruitful   in praise of love  is the director s epitaph for himself .
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
martin scorcese s gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
despite its dry wit and compassion  the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year .
a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
bean drops the ball too many times  hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
plays up the cartoon s more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
is that its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
it s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
in this case one man s treasure could prove to be another man s garbage .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
the movies plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
a drawling  slobbering  lovable runon sentence of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
i loved looking at this movie  i just didnt care as much for the story .
lrb ramsay rrb visually transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
finally coming down off of miramaxs deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than id care to count .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes .
there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning .
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever  he has a great cast and a great idea  but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
if i spy were funny  enough  or exciting  enough  then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion its trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
this is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
when science fiction takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasnt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
my reaction in a word  disappointment  his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images  but his latest has nothing going for it .
now as a former gong show addict  i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
ken russell would love this  in one scene  we get a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantinos climactic shootout — and meat loaf explodes .
than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame .
pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but they re treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum  her tough  funny  rather chaotic show isnt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film s conclusion powerful and satisfying .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that its difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller  the film gets great laughs  but never at the expense of its characters .
it all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow  the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
compleja e intelectualmente retadora  el ladrón de orquídeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
a hip ride into hypertime  clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
its all very cute  though not terribly funny if youre more than six years old .
s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming  but most of the movie is the same teenage american roadtrip drek weve seen before  only this time you have to read the fart jokes .
wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fastpaced contemporary society .
of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal .
you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
the 3d vistas from orbit  with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe  are stanzas of breathtaking  aweinspiring visual poetry .
tartakovsky s team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
britney spears  phoniness is nothing compared to the movie s contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art they re struggling to create .
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
if you re really renting this you re not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices .
ca nt remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise  then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
this directors cut  which adds 51 minutes  takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and  some plot blips aside  stays there for the duration .
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
highly uneven and inconsistent  margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
as we have come to learn  as many times as we have fingers to count on  jason is a killer who doesnt know the meaning of the word quit   the filmmakers might want to look it up .
when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
for once  a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
the characters are complex and quirky  but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
kwan is a master of shadow  quietude  and room noise  and lan yu is a disarmingly livedin movie .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
a nonbritney person might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
the overall effect is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where its supposed to feel funny and light .
putting the primitive murderer inside a hightech space station unleashes a pandoras box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you ve actually spent time living in another community .
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadiumseat megaplex .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  it s very much like life itself .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
drug abuse  infidelity and death arent usually comedy fare  but turpins film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
schaefer s  determination to inject farcical raunch  drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
this story still seems timely and important  and theres an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greenes story ends .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
an inspiring and heartaffecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u  s  relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy  hope and despair  about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role .
mr  deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
is rather the way it introduces you to new  fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
hugh grant  who has a good line in charm  has never been more charming than in about a boy .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully  this remains a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions  but this kind of material is more effective on stage  its not a motion picture  its an utterly static picture .
this is dicaprios best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
a boldly stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
a smart  provocative drama that does the nearly impossible  it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms it s inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
lrb n rrb o matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
now trimmed by about 20 minutes  this lavish threeyearold production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grownup escapism .
its almost impossible not to be moved by the movies depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in postsoviet russia .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
if this story must be told and retold  and indeed it must  then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
may be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
theres enough science to make it count as educational  and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey  featuring a pathetic  endearing hero who is all too human .
by applying definition to both sides of the man  the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
the main story  is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite  friends will be friends through thick and thin .
as much as it is for angelique  the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
as a girlmeetsgirl romantic comedy  kissing jessica steinis quirky  charming and often hilarious  yet its not quite the genrebusting film its been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear  but one things for sure  it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink .
rogerss mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable    and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
children of the century  though well dressed and well made  ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
the story of trouble every day    is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and the movies fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
the directors many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship thats low on both suspense and payoff .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing  which is not to be confused with suspecting  until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
there s real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland  sinister  though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie  machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
doesnt offer much besides glib soullessness  raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces    that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
the cockettes provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
lrb swimfan rrb falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie longs firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my longsuffering eyeballs .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film    its not even a tv special youd bother watching past the second commercial break .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film  but the story and theme make up for it .
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
this peptalk for faith  hope and charity does little to offend  but if saccharine earnestness were a crime  the films producers would be in the clink for life .
as with so many merchandisedtothemax movies of this type  more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
like most sequels  it takes what worked last time  repeats it and adds more characters  more stunts  more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
blisteringly rude  scarily funny  sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys  the film has in kieran culkin a pitchperfect holden .
it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and .
if youve got a house full of tots  dont worry  this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie    tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
i d be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
ive always dreamed of attending cannes  but after seeing this film  its not that big a deal .
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7  the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
yakusho  as always  is wonderful as the longfaced sad sack    and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon  which  at last count  numbered 52 different versions .
this beguiling belgian fable  very much its own droll and delicate little film  has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
jacquots strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances    while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
this movie is maddening  it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
the genius of the work speaks volumes  offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
its worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom  and at times  the startling optimism  of the children .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs  slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
the quiet american is nt a bad film  it s just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
eight legged freaks wont join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
shortstory quaint  touchingly mending a childs pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac .
in the end  we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love  chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
the movie is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
feel bad for king  whos honestly trying  and schwartzman  whos shot himself in the foot .
hell is looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isnt even halfway through .
if youve ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like  here it is .
has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
its great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon  but showtime s uninspired sendup of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
if youve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart  this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film  the result is a powerful  naturally dramatic piece of lowbudget filmmaking .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism  but its really nothing more than warmedover cold war paranoia .
the question hanging over the time machine is not  as the main character suggests  what if   but rather  how can you charge money for this .
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
a passable romantic comedy  in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
at its best  its black hawk down with more heart  at its worst  its rambo meetsjohn ford .
butterfingered  is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
a minor work yet theres no denying the potency of millers strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another  narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse  and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld lrb who is also one of the film s producers rrb do everything he can to look like a good guy .
ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
lrb the film s rrb taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
ultimately  sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
a movie that ca nt get sufficient distance from leroy s delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become selfmade celebrity athletes  a lowdown version of the american dream .
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
steven soderbergh s digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast  it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing  in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick  but none of the sheer lust .
have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
the way the roundelay of partners functions  and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gatorbashing are consistently delightful .
that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle youd expect to see on showtimes red shoe diaries .
works because  for the most part  it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
s a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payamis boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot    a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
any film that doesnt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
earnest but earthbound    a slow  soggy  soporific  visually dank crime melodramacharacter study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
its as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors  and the costumes and sets are grand .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  it s the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
anyone not into hightech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally  and log on to something more userfriendly .
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people    manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
ill go out on a limb  it isnt quite one of the worst movies of the year  its just merely very bad .
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
i do nt blame eddie murphy but should nt owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script .
unfortunately  the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it werent true  this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
a faster paced family flick  upper teens may get cynical  smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trashcinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
while bollywoodhollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals  it also has plenty for those lrb like me rrb who are nt .
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve  the cockettes werent as much about gender  sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel  connect and create .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  its insanely violent and very graphic .
the casting of raymond j  barry as the assassin greatly enhances the quality of neil burgers impressive fake documentary .
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
to the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
every time you look  sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
a closetosolid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
it s a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it is nt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
with wit and empathy to spare  waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters striving solipsism .
nairs attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan .
their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
reallife strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
imagine  if possible  a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor  and you have some idea of the glum  numb experience of watching o fantasma .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongueincheek weirdness  those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
call it magic realism or surrealism  but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thoughtprovoking as it .
suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
a lifesize reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances  it has considerable charm .
with  bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
charlize chases kevin with a gun  courtney chases stuart with a cell phone  the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
i admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  you re going to feel like you were nt invited to the party .
it briefly flirts with player masochism  but the point of real interest   audience sadism  is evaded completely .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed issues like whether compromise is the death of self… this orgasm wont be an exceedingly memorable one for most people .
in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john .
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
the strippeddown approach does give the film a certain timeless quality  but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and hos .
i dont know precisely what to make of steven soderberghs full frontal  though that didnt stop me from enjoying much of it .
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an .
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
no cute factor here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boats malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest  the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization  humor or plain old popcorn fun .
what s so striking about jolie s performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with .
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
based on a david leavitt story  the film shares that writers usual blend of observant cleverness  toofacile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
this kind of handson storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
fails as a dystopian movie  as a retooling of fahrenheit 451  and even as a ripoff of the matrix .
the most opaque  selfindulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
it s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
a full experience  a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
the parts are better than the whole  bizarre  funny  tragic  like love in new york .
shot perhaps artistically with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin bacaasay  the lowbudget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not  strictly speaking  qualify as revolutionary  but its defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
for anyone who grew up on disneys 1950 treasure island  or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic  this one feels like an impostor .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas andersons magnolia and david lynchs mulholland dr .
the concert footage is stirring  the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity  this quality band may pick up new admirers .
part comedy  part drama  the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full  and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas  but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
at a time when we ve learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is  collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
a biopic about cranes life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail  baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch  a haunting ode to humanity .
then you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couples bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue  all credibility flies out the window .
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
spreads itself too thin  leaving these actors  as well as the members of the commune .
at once emotional and richly analytical  the cosbyseinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose  larky documentary .
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format  in a word  no .
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called the gift of tears .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
im not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  its waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
the script falls back on too many triedandtrue shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
one ca nt shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hourandahalflong commercial for britney s latest album .
the projects filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
parker holds true to wildes own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning  and no desire to be anything but a polished  sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
its a humble effort  but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos  especially between morgan and redgrave .
it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
what could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
once the downward spiral comes to pass  auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera .
offers copious hints along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had  godfrey reggios career shines like a lonely beacon .
judds characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting chops and they take full advantage .
based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
zhang yimou delivers warm  genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty  but because they genuinely believe its the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking mans monster movie .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic  but its too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge  a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as theres a little girlongirl action .
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
while easier to sit through than most of jagloms selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  its still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
like a badly edited  91minute trailer lrb and rrb the director ca nt seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon    is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
lrb p rrb artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of  emotional recovery .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie s lack of ideas .
road to perdition does display greatness  and its worth seeing  but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows its won .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter  silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
remove spiderman the movie from its red herring surroundings and it s apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light  yet unsentimental  touch .
put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies  and  theres no way you wont be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking  not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
the movie is so contrived  nonsensical and formulaic that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
that dogged good will of the parents and vain jias defoliation of ego  make the film touching despite some doldrums .
susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
an appalling  ace ventura  ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze .
its up to you to decide whether to admire these peoples dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
like shave ice without the topping  this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
i dont think i laughed out loud once  and when youre talking about a slapstick comedy  thats a pretty big problem .
a dull  somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
what begins as a seemingly brainless  bubbly romantic comedy becomes a clichedrenched melodrama by midfilm and  by films end  a feminist action fantasy .
the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of  panic room  is a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
shunji iwai s all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
im not suggesting that you actually see it  unless youre the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the 70s .
lrb screenwriter rrb pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standups im the one that i want .
jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise  only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
dont judge this one too soon  its a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins thats hard to resist .
its compelling mix of trial movie  escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused  excruciatingly tedious cinema that  half an hour in  starts making water torture seem appealing .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri  i had to look away  this was god awful .
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises .
caruso sometimes descends into subtarantino cuteness  but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
more concerned with sades ideas than with his actions  the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as    quills did by showing them .
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time lrb including mine rrb on something very inconsequential .
provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
a witty  trenchant  wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
works because we re never sure if ohlinger s on the level or merely a dying  delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myer s energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
s dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap .
it throws quirky characters  odd situations  and offkilter dialogue at us  all as if to say   look at this  this is an interesting movie   but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
campanellas competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafaels evolution .
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh s best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  ocean s eleven .
like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
the result is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
a movie version of a paintbynumbers picture  we can tell what it is supposed to be  but cant really call it a work of art .
sometimes charming  sometimes infuriating  this argentinean  dramedy  succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workmans grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity  presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular  anciently demanding métier .
strained caper movies that s hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s  despite a few whopping shootouts .
comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery .
a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
until  the  superfluous    epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
its easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrooks foundation and dalrymples film earn their uplift .
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess  whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit  some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
gives us a lot to chew on  but not all of it has been properly digested .
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard  particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
this horrorcomedy doesnt go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheaplooking monsters  unless you count elviras hooters .
for anyone who remembers the 60s or is interested in one mans response to stroke  ram dass  fierce grace is worth seeking out .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but .
both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
combining quickcut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time  beck seems to be under the illusion that hes shooting the latest system of a down video .
unfortunately  one hour photo lives down to its title  thanks largely to williams  all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes  the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
it cannot be enjoyed  even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick  primarily because it is dull  yes  dull .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
the sociohistopolitical treatise is told in earnest strides    and personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel .
an endlessly fascinating  landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
a combination of standard  stiff tvstyle animation and snazzylooking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound  the way we like our 20yearold superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal s overweight and out of shape .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller .
in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
the films real appeal wont be to clooney fans or adventure buffs  but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk     actually pretty good  of course  by more objective measurements its still quite bad .
s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
sit through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
is that there is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
its a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
its been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs woo  it looks like woo s a pow .
has the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes    almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
its like every bad idea thats ever gone into an afterschool special compiled in one place  minus those daytime programs slickness and sophistication  and who knew they even had any .
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
the movie obviously seeks to recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules vernes 20  000 leagues under the sea and the george pal version of h  g  wells the time machine   but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
would benigni s italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark  while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition  it has no affect on the kurds  but it wore me down .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden    if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of firered flame tattoos covering his shoulder  however  kilmer seems to be posing  rather than acting  and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
its difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself .
the lightest  most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade  and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv  they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional carwreck .
like most of jagloms films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
an inventive  absorbing movie thats as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign .
the largeformat film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
madonna has made herself over so often now  theres apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jacksons nose .
but this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
as part of mr  dongs continuing exploration of homosexuality in america  family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
the unique niche of selfcritical  behindthescenes navelgazing kaufman has carved from orleans  story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain .
for all its brilliant touches  dragon loses its fire midway  nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
theres no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer  or for the year  for that matter .
the tugofwar at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances  overheated pathos and long  wistful gazes .
theres a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned  as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate  but generally  its a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
whats needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
the story gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more seriousminded concerns of other yearend movies .
while howards appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies .
one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
this may not have the dramatic gutwrenching impact of other holocaust films  but its a compelling story  mainly because of the way its told by the people who were there .
it celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
an enthralling  playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the truth about this man  while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
like a fish thats lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming  maybe theres a metaphor here  but figuring it out wouldnt make trouble every day any better .
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will  hopefully  be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australias film history .
im guessing the director is a magician  after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
its mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of woos best work .
this indepth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
a romantic comedy  yes  but one with characters who think and talk about their goals  and are working on hard decisions .
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tourdeforce  and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill .
a weird little movie thats amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l  a  s showbiz and media subcultures  but it doesnt leave you with much .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
lan yu is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and michele s spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
it s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire  but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
all right  so it s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
sophisticated viewers who refuse to admit that they dont like it will likely call it challenging to their fellow sophisticates .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallaces flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
it s a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys  regardless of their ages .
really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer s bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives .
in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
why spend 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
theres a disturbing great white hope undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
its insights into the dream world of teen life  and its electronic expression through cyber culture .
to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
better than the tepid star trek  insurrection  falls short of first contact because the villain couldnt pick the lint off borg queen alice kriges cape  and finishes half a parsec  a nose  ahead of generations .
onesided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation     stylistically  the movie is a disaster .
with each of her three protagonists  miller eloquently captures the moment when a womans life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
the problem with this film is that its forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot  had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent  we all could have stopped watching long ago .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if it s far tamer than advertised .
es triste tener que decirles que lo único grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
s an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
theres no clear picture of who killed bob crane  but heres a glimpse at his life .
it is very difficult to care about the character  and that is the central flaw of the film .
to call the other side of heaven  appalling  would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
whenever you think you ve figured out late marriage  it throws you for a loop .
tykwer s surface flash is nt just a poor fit with kieslowski s lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowski s work aspired to  including the condition of art .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters  i thought the relationships were wonderful  the comedy was funny  and the love real .
a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
a brain twister  less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
human nature talks the talk  but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
stay clear of reminding yourself that its a  true story  and youre likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
mr  wollter and ms  seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
lrb tries rrb to parody a genre that s already a joke in the united states .
but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the storylines are woven together skilfully  the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking  and the overall experience is awesome .
like a mediumgrade network sitcom  mostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
its a glorious spectacle like those d  w  griffith made in the early days of silent film .
idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
in other words  its just another sports dramacharacter study  yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness  plus  like i already mentioned    its robert duvall  cmon .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist .
is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m  night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
its a movie that ends with truckzilla  for cryin out loud  if that doesnt clue you in that somethings horribly wrong  nothing will .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moores the scarlet letter .
for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
s really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
apart from anything else  this is one of the bestsustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
the thing about guys like evans is this  youre never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins  but as you watch the movie  youre too interested to care .
it s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
at its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
this new zealand comingofage movie isnt really about anything  when its this rich and luscious  who cares .
returning director rob minkoff    and screenwriter bruce joel rubin    have done a fine job of updating whites dry wit to a new age .
shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
it gets old quickly  watch barbershop again if youre in need of a cube fixthis isnt worth sitting through .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point  unless its that life stinks  especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style .
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care .
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
the film occasionally tries the viewers patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
the plot is very clever  but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events  all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
its up to watts to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
something has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
your taste for jonah  a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end  we are undeniably touched .
you ll forget about it by monday  though  and if they re old enough to have developed some taste  so will your kids .
s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy thats not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
despite slick production values and director roger michell s ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
dark and unrepentant  this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
precocious smarterthanthou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive  rightwing  proprietyobsessed family  anyone else seen this before .
white has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
hart s war seems to want to be a character study  but apparently ca nt quite decide which character .
laughoutloud lines  adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances  and sparkling  bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl s dilemma .
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
worth watching for dong jies performance  and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
jaeeun jeongs take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  thats giving it the old college try .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
do we really need a 77minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15yearold boy and a 40yearold woman doesnt work .
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
this one is a few bits funnier than malles dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such messagemongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
despite its visual virtuosity   naqoyqatsi  is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
the action here is unusually tame  the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest  and the plot offers few surprises .
hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
those 24andunders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he s understated and sardonic  she s appealingly manic and energetic .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle  instead  he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
all the small moments and flashbacks dont add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
planos fijos  tomas largas  un ritmo pausado y una sutil observación de sus personajes  sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
s hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wont be disappointed .
it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie doesnt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
barney s ideas about creation and identity do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen  noyces greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli  ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
this isnt even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism  it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
built on the premise that middleclass arkansas consists of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
max pokes  provokes  takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve    as far as art is concerned  its mission accomplished .
remains aloft not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
wouldnt it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii  um  no  but heres a movie about it anyway .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
below may not mark mr twohy s emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
the trouble is  its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
city reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of analyze this  1999  and analyze that   promised  or threatened  for later this year .
the romance between the leads isnt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating  but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
bears is bad  not terrible filmmaking bad  but more like  i once had a nightmare like this  and its now coming true bad .
a very witty take on change  risk and romance  and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
if it s unnerving suspense you re after  you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
like schindler s list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
kinnear    gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of lifes ultimate losers .
a moody  multidimensional love story and scifi mystery  solaris is a thoughtprovoking  haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works  but coppola  along with his sister  sofia  is a real filmmaker  it must be in the genes .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle s carpets .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey s glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that doesnt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
but mostly it s a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles .
rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
the most remarkable lrb and frustrating rrb thing about world traveler  which opens today in manhattan .
but the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
simone  is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
ritchies treatment of the class reversal is majorly hamfisted  from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in peoples faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
the sheer dumbness of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death  but boyd s film offers little else of consequence .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action .
i never thought i d say this  but i d much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies .
you dont know whether to admire the films stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace  or both .
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever  but its certainly not a champion  the big loser is the audience .
unfolds with such a wallop of youarethere immediacy that when the bullets start to fly  your first instinct is to duck .
the lousy lead performances    keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
while it has definite weaknesses  like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it s going to be a trip .
its a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
halfway through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony  a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
impostor ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
what ensues are much bloodsplattering  mass druginduced bowel evacuations  and nonetoofunny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
never quite transcends jokester status    and the punchline doesnt live up to barrys deadeyed  perfectly chilled delivery .
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
shanghai ghetto  much stranger than any fiction  brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
like so many other allegedly scary movies  it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times .
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
those who are nt put off by the film s austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell its not all new  at least it looks pretty .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone s crazy french grandfather .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat s fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
nothing about the film  with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley s breasts  is authentic .
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides     the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges  its so clever you want to hate it  but he somehow pulls it off .
its generic villains lack any intrigue lrb other than their funny accents rrb and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
its easy to love robin tunney  shes pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
sheridans take on the authors schoolboy memoir    is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
i cry for i spy  or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintagetv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography  schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
all comedy is subversive  but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
its all gratuitous before long  as if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
rose s film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
transcends its agenda to deliver aweinspiring  at times sublime  visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derringdo puts the x into the games .
spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork isnt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs  and neither do cliches  no matter how inside they are .
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique  which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england  and ably captures the speech patterns  moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them  and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and .
not everything works  but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young womans tragic odyssey .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject .
m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the highconcept scenario soon proves preposterous  the acting is robotically italicized  and truthinadvertising hounds take note  theres very little hustling on view .
some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s .
to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
the films implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
m happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
arliss howards ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
as violent  profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you ve ever seen .
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
as the princess  sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat  ben kingsley is truly funny  playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times  this crowdpleasers fresh dialogue  energetic music  and goodnatured spunk are often infectious .
painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
this enthralling documentary    is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
it strikes hardest… when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain  fifty years after the fact  the worlds political situation seems little different  and director phillip noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the script boasts some tart tvinsider humor  but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
overall  cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
its not going to be everyones bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like youve actually spent time living in another community .
this films relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmastree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow  a poor  if durable  imitation .
s definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it does nt take itself so deadly seriously .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure  a stalker thriller  and a condensed season of tvs big brother .
your response to its new sequel  analyze that  may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
happily  some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude  for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
poorly acted  brainslappingly bad  harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
is on full  irritating display in lrb this rrb meandering and pointless french comingofage import from writerdirector annesophie birot .
schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s .
with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett s familiar quotations .
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
neither as scaryfunny as tremors nor dementedfunny as starship troopers  the movie is nt tough to take as long as you ve paid a matinee price .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr  hollands class for the music  or to robin williamss lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor  passion  and verve .
are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
a gracious  eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion  lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
no  its not as singleminded as john carpenters original  but its sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
there is enough originality in life to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
lrb she s a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who ca nt help herself rrb .
by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
somewhere short of tremors on the modern bscene  neither as funny nor as clever  though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
a sugarcoated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures  wouldnt one about their famous dad  author of death in venice  etc   be more valuable .
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a riveting profile of law enforcement  and a visceral  nasty journey into an urban hades .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallaces maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
washington overcomes the scripts flaws and envelops the audience in his characters anguish  anger and frustration .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman s warmest .
the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
with bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie  like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title  many can aspire but none can equal .
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
the messy emotions raging throughout this threehour effort are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
bogs down badly as we absorb jias moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society  but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer s block ever .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
a movie that tries to fuse the two woods but winds up a bollyholly masala mess .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdys sledgehammer sap .
is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
there may have been a good film in  trouble every day   but it is not what is on the screen .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience  and a wonderful allages triumph besides  is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for childrens home video  a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment  as long as 3yearolds find it diverting .
time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who dont object to the description  unelected  have suspected all along  george w  bush is an incurious  uncharismatic  overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
like all abstract art  the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way  and  unless prewarned  it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
it is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
directors john musker and ron clements  the team behind the little mermaid  have produced sparkling retina candy  but they arent able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
its one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
a mess  the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
a punch line without a premise  a joke built entirely from musty memories of halfdimensional characters .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it s like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
lrb shyamalan rrb continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
nelsons intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself  its horribly depressing and not very well done .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as youll ever find of why art matters  and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
come away wishing  though  that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing  but .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy  but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
its not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality  and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
despite bessons highprofile name being wasabis big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the films thoroughly winning tone .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there  well worth the time .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast  bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes .
showtimes starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment  those who trek to the plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves  but ticketbuyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr  de niro .
is that it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities   but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago  but on imax it seems better  not just bigger .
keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
i ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb and .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper lrb and better rrb than pink floyd tickets .
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss delicate  clever direction    and a wonderful  imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story .
with three excellent principal singers  a youthful and goodlooking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations  its enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai lrb of all places rrb served jews who escaped the holocaust .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival  the annual riviera spree of flesh  buzz  blab and money .
too hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
it s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
the movie does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone  anywhere could have thought theyd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
the humor isnt as sharp  the effects not as innovative  nor the story as imaginative as in the original  but it could have been worse .
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his characters deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario  too bad .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures  its far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
for its 100 minutes running time  youll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact  and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
ostensibly celebrates middleaged girl power  even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic  dysfunctional and destructive .
a journey through memory  a celebration of living  and a sobering rumination on fatality  classism  and ignorance .
a beguiling  slowmoving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
its a grab bag of genres that dont add up to a whole lot of sense .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didnt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
try as i may  i cant think of a single good reason to see this movie  even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted  thank you   when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
one of the most original american productions this year  you ll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
viewed as a comedy  a romance  a fairy tale  or a drama  theres nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
what s really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffmans brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
a superfluous sequel    plagued by that old familiar feeling of lets get this thing over with  everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days .
the cast is topnotch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
egoyan s work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of  iris  or  american beauty   but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
gangs  despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
davis  gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
in auteils less dramatic but equally incisive performance  hes a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the movie takes itself too seriously and  as a result  it makes for only intermittent fun .
tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneiders performance is so fine  its a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
overall  it s a very entertaining  thoughtprovoking film with a simple message  god is love .
the film doesnt really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously  it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and .
that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
ms phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
like a grinning jack o lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
lrb kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code  and as a flawed human being who ca nt quite live up to it .
it s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just whos being conned right up to the finale .
this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
theres undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references  but the fun wears thin  then out  when theres nothing else happening .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790s  one imagines the result would look like something like this .
like a tonedeaf singer at a benefit concert  john q  is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
an operatic  sprawling picture thats entertainingly acted  magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170minute length .
is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here .
if somebody was bored and    decided to make a dull  pretentious version of jesus son  theyd come up with something like bart freundlichs world traveler .
passionate  irrational  longsuffering but cruel as a tarantula  helga figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
after a while  the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie  and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the films lamer instincts are in the saddle .
lrb jackson and bledel rrb seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
bean drops the ball too many times    hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
yet another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a cantmiss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
s fun  wispy  wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of rivers edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role  he represents bartlebys main overall flaw .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall s intense freight train of a film .
none of this violates the letter of behans book  but missing is its spirit  its ribald  fullthroated humor .
bubba hotep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesnt deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
lisa rinzler s cinematography may be lovely  but love liza s tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
judith and zazas extended bedroom sequence    is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on  the mothman prophecies .
a pandora s box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
not a cozy or ingratiating work  but its challenging  sometimes clever  and always interesting  and those are reasons enough to see it .
campanella s competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
it s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
supposedly  pokemon cant be killed  but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
another love story in 2002 s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothbally stuff and made a rather sturdy  oldfashioned entertainment out of it .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fool s gold .
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
this engrossing  characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
theological matters aside  the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes  twitchy acting  and general boorishness .
lrb d rrb espite its familiar subject matter  ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing .
the irony is that this film s cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
carente de imaginación  mal dirigida  peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance  es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero .
s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent  indie trick in the book .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed  but skeptics are nt likely to enter the theater .
other than the slightly flawed lrb and fairly unbelievable rrb finale  everything else is top shelf .
s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
the result is somewhat satisfying  it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that wasnt at least watchable  but its also disappointing to a certain degree .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
episode ii  attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace  mad love looks better than it feels .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g .
seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niro s righthand goombah .
by surrounding us with hyperartificiality  haynes makes us see familiar issues  like racism and homophobia  in a fresh way .
a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of  it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience  are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and .
does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
it would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
a tender and touching drama  based on the true story of a troubled africanamericans quest to come to terms with his origins  reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature  but in its current incarnation  storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
what s most offensive is nt the waste of a good cast  but the film s denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
we cant accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie  unfortunately  wed prefer a simple misfire .
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
you should pay nine bucks for this  because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected  dramas like this make it human .
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms  is a nonstop hoot .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg  michael j  wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right  and then step wrong .
less a movie than an appalling  odoriferous thing    so rotten in almost every single facet of production that youll want to crawl up your own    in embarrassment .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy .
see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music .
s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb .
somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition133  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
what with all the blanket statements and dimestore ruminations on vanity  the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom  the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skatesurf culture  the l  a  beach scene and the imaginative  and sometimes illegal  ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life .
hugh grant s act is so consuming that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the u  s   a major director is emerging in world cinema .
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathosfilled but ultimately lifeaffirming finale  martin is a masterfully conducted work .
who is the audience for cletis tout  anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but it s certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
a loud  witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
lrb shyamalan rrb turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas  and showtime is crammed full of them .
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome  the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics .
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
festers in just such a dungpile that you d swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script s bad ideas and awkwardness .
of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
i found myself liking the film  though in this case one mans treasure could prove to be another mans garbage .
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film  i dont think so  nothing wrong with performances here  but the whiney characters bugged me .
the only thing to fear about  fear dot com  is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
it s all stitched together with energy  intelligence and verve  enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarmans whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then you re in for a painful ride .
has a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes  masturbation jokes  and racist japanese jokes .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95minute commercial for nba properties .
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
postseptember 11   the sum of all fears  seems more tacky and reprehensible  manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments  but it s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food .
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
one regards reign of fire with awe  what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
no  it s not as singleminded as john carpenter s original  but it s sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
there s none of the happilyever  after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and that s part of what makes dover kosashvili s outstanding feature debut so potent .
the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
it s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
newton draws our attention like a magnet  and acts circles around her better known costar  mark wahlberg .
its clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgms shelf .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate .
with notorious cho cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe making .
the cast    keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea  but the movie that doesnt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog s works  invincible shows he s back in form  with an astoundingly rich film .
its a film that hinges on its casting  and glover really doesnt fit the part .
like a soft drink thats been sitting open too long  its too much syrup and not enough fizz .
its a thin notion  repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the years best acting  personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times  either 11 times too many or else too few .
the more kevin costner rests on his prettyboy laurels  the public is  regrettably  going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
the film tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  its impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  we re wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
it has its faults  but it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
although it doesnt always hang together  violence and whimsy dont combine easily   cherish  certainly isnt dull .
mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
with this masterful  flawless film  lrb wang rrb emerges in the front ranks of china s now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
oversexed  at times overwrought comedydrama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty  female and single .
sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
all the sensuality  all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been  pardon the pun  sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
rather than real figures  elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïfs encounter with the world .
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo  com o perdão do trocadilho   não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
for all its impressive craftsmanship  and despite an overbearing series of thirdact crescendos  lily chouchou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place  where their heads were is anyones guess .
it believes its revealing some great human truths  when  in reality  its churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life  but .
its a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it doesnt offer any insights that havent been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid90s .
will anyone who is nt a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has nt gone straight to video .
witherspoon puts to rest her valleygirl image  but it s dench who really steals the show .
a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
kinnear  gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
this is the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly  yet .
the movie is full of fine performances  led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel  his wife .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but .
the movies major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and its quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
although estela bravos documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro  its still a guilty pleasure to watch .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations  wheres the movie here .
a thriller with an edge  which is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket .
it s up to lrb watts rrb to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and .
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
what it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
all in all  its a pretty good execution of a story thats a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
aside from rohmer s bold choices regarding point of view  the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker s lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz  spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise  it would have been better off dead .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves its never too late to learn .
the performances are so leaden  michael rymers direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business .
s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
it s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
wendigo  larry fessenden s spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power  as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say .
it s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and in this film  every shot enhances the excellent performances .
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
lrb gayton s script rrb telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that its offensive  but that its boring .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
be called a solid success  although there s plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
a comedydrama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
as the two leads  lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
this film is so slick  superficial and trendhoppy  that its easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles  but dont be fooled  nobody deserves any prizes here .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002  zellwegers whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
its a setup so easy it borders on facile  but keeping the film from cheapshot mediocrity is its crack cast .
that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
i m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
drops you into a dizzying  volatile  pressurecooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control  while focusing on the what much more than the why .
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion  our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
death to smoochy tells a moldyoldie  notnearly asnasty asit thinksitis joke  over and over again .
it all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
its message has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff  stealing harvard cant even do that much  each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
its an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
because the genre is well established  what makes the movie fresh is smart writing  skewed characters  and the title performance by kieran culkin .
a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
more intimate than spectacular  e  t  is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up  but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrmans destructive escapism or the graceinrebellion found by his characters .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but its unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonalds  let alone some savvy street activism .
its better suited for the history or biography channel  but theres no arguing the tone of the movie  it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity s greatest shame  reality shows  reality shows for god s sake .
halloween  resurrection isnt exactly quality cinema  but it isnt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply .
the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
will be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling  shamelessly manipulative and contrived  and totally lacking in conviction .
the scripts snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy  repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
despite its flaws    belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the people in dogtown and zboys are so funny  aggressive and alive  you have to watch them because you cant wait to see what they do next .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop .
resident evil is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
we ve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
gai comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and  yes  most intimidating form .
does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
despite its flaws  belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists .
after all  it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm s performance  the film would be a total washout .
it s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film doesnt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles book does not translate well to the screen .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopezs most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
i believe silberling had the best intentions here  but he just doesnt have the restraint to fully realize them .
no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians .
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender — and i know this because ive seen jackass  the movie .
a guilty pleasure at best  and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
it s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
is haunting  lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tians meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
it s loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds  right now  theyre merely signposts marking the slow  lingering death of imagination .
woven together handsomely  recalling sixties  rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do nt look back .
here s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
behan s memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
despite all evidence to the contrary  this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie  the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but there s nothing very attractive about this movie .
s not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st  petersburgs hermitage museum .
i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
the film contains no good jokes  no good scenes  barely a moment when carveys saturday night livehoned mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes  but be warned  you too may feel time has decided to stand still  or that the battery on your watch has died .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances  but the result is disappointing .
that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
much credit must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart  their work is fantastic .
of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
williams plays sy  another of his openfaced  smiling madmen  like the killer in insomnia  he does this so well you dont have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
the lousy lead performances  keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
the director  steven shainberg  has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters  making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
s tough being a black man in america  especially when the man has taken away your car  your workhours and denied you health insurance .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
if anything  the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the charm of the first movie is still there  and the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
not far beneath the surface  this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but .
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
opens as promising as any waradventure film youll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama  better suited for a movie titled  glory  a soldiers story .
says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
what you expect is just what you get  assuming the bar of expectations has nt been raised above sixthgrade height .
i think it was plato who said  i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
a movie thats held captive by mediocrity  not bad  but not all that good  bacon keeps things interesting  but dont go out of your way to pay full price .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the companys previous video work .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
raimis matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though its one of the most plain white toast comic book films youll ever see .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere  the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious  its painful .
s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
remains a reactive cipher  when opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie  maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
its secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
it suggests the wideranging effects of media manipulation  from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media    to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
nohe has made a decent  intro  documentary  but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orleans themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
very amusing  not the usual route in a thriller  and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
despite the film s bizarre developments  hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas  wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and hell be your slave for a year .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
is dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
i m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amari s film falls short in building the drama of lilia s journey .
though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
most fish stories are a little peculiar  but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond  but much of it is good for a laugh  the problem with  xxx  is that its own action isnt very effective .
it picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense .
rymer doesnt trust laughs  and doesnt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
nijinsky says   i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled .
wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the films problems .
suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
nothing more or less than an outright bodiceripper  it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
wellnigh unendurable    though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry  it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
salma goes native and shes never been better in this colorful biopic of a mexican icon .
the acting is just fine  but there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
babyfaced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored    audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
the worst kind of independent  the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors .
its just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop  its a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
the journey is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
spiced with humor  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand  and witty updatings  silvers parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr  chips off the old block .
you ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy  it doesnt disappoint .
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
despite hoffmans best efforts  wilson remains a silent  lumpish cipher  his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
the film is hard to dismiss  moody  thoughtful  and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadians inane ramblings  stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr  drew barrymore .
it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely .
for this sort of thing to work  we need agile performers  but the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
it s sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
berling and béart    continue to impress  and isabelle huppert    again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
painful to watch  but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the years most accomplished and riveting film performances .
it gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
while certainly clever in spots  this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeares macbeth doesnt sustain a high enough level of invention .
is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged  as if filmed directly from a television monitor  while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
one surefire way to get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and it s a sad  sick sight .
ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
for more than two decades mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin americas most oppressive regimes .
only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture  the journey doesnt really go anywhere .
a supernatural mystery that does nt know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
there s no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
this is what imax was made for  strap on a pair of 3d goggles  shut out the real world  and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier  space .
this humbling little film  fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year s worst cinematic tragedies .
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
it s a beautiful film  full of elaborate and twisted characters  and it s also pretty funny .
it s a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood biopic  schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one mans downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
its pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
if you can push on through the slow spots  youll be rewarded with some fine acting .
even if you ve seen  stomp  lrb the stage show rrb  you still have to see this .
a modestly comic  modestly actionoriented world war ii adventure that  in terms of authenticity  is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and .
you ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work  and in each other  shines through every frame .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual twodimensional offerings .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike  eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
can not guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control .
the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
lrb clooney s rrb debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined  but it has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
mattei so completely loses himself to the films circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr chicken .
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr  but there is nt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script .
started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
the determination of pinochets victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzmans camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
this is sandler running on empty  repeating what he s already done way too often .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass  except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy  but i had a pretty good time with this movie  despite its myriad flaws .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good  freundlichs world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
below may not mark mr  twohys emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself  ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles  book does not translate well to the screen .
romanek keeps the film constantly taut    reflecting the characters instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving  heartbeatlike score .
the characters are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
its clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body  so original is its content  look  and style .
formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence    lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botchjobs  the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday  and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanishamerican war    its so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
most of the problems with the film do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks  scrappy doo and scooby dumb  all wrapped up into one .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for lrb or worth rooting against  for that matter rrb .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves it s never too late to learn .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others  thanks to the actors  that are quite touching .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
a brilliant  absurd collection of vignettes that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures  and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
in oldfashioned screenwriting parlance  ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor  sensuality  and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
like a child with an important message to tell  lrb skins  rrb faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
the master of disguise is awful  its pauly shore awful  dont say you werent warned .
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar .
on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
heres yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep  but taken as a stylish and energetic oneshot  the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middleaged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script    that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
after all the big buildup  the payoff for the audience  as well as the characters  is messy  murky  unsatisfying .
a respectable but uninspired thriller thats intelligent and considered in its details  but ultimately weak in its impact .
one problem with the movie  directed by joel schumacher  is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters  this one is for you .
on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
is given life when a selection appears in its final form lrb in  last dance  rrb .
paxtons uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
take away the controversy  and its not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
hart s war has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
we started to wonder if … some unpaid intern had just typed chris rock   anthony hopkins and terrorists into some univaclike script machine .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson .
brown sugar  admirably aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
as commanderinchief of this film  bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications    that have no bearing on the story .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys  and its therapeutic to laugh along with them .
even if the rides a little bumpy  with a final lap thats all too suspiciously smooth  you gotta give director roger michell  best known for the superfluous notting hill  credit for trying .
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was  i would go back and choose to skip it  fortunately  you still have that option .
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they cant distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion  others create ultimate thrills  men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  its the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is .
a pointed  often tender  examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
if you re down for a silly hackandslash flick  you can do no wrong with jason x .
attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
writer director m  night shyamalans ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
alex nohes documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a reallife  bigbudget nc17 version of tank girl .
actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
true to its animatronic roots   as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus   the country bears  should never have been brought out of hibernation .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesnt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
while it can be a bit repetitive  overall it s an entertaining and informative documentary .
after collateral damage  you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned  but no .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original  but it doesnt disgrace it  either .
the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
you can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
of pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydneys darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and hovering over some of the most not .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions  the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift  somebody unwrapped it early  took out all the good stuff  and left behind the crap  literally .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point    is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
davis    gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams writerdirectorproducer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
despite these annoyances  the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
its drab  its uninteresting  it squanders chans uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
though its story is only surface deep  the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation  its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events .
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
its a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
sure  its more of the same  but as the film proves  thats not always a bad thing .
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
when you think youve figured out bielinskys great game  thats when youre in the most trouble  hes the con  and youre just the mark .
in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it doesnt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
the tuxedo wasnt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it  hungryman portions of bad .
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
japans premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure  it feels more forced than usual .
sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
theres too much falseness to the second half  and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull  ridiculous attempt at hearttugging .
the result puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldnt care less .
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial  cashin features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us  and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia  donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables .
what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
not a bad choice here  assuming that    the airconditioning in the theater is working properly .
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and .
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
it s a familiar story  but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
if you like blood  guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though    you will likely enjoy this monster .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year  as each of them searches for their place in the world  miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking  flawed humanity .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of eh .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the films creepy  cleancut dahmer  jeremy renner  and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
mending a child s pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the 70s  the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
its better than midrange steven seagal  but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
even when he s not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play  the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benignis pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  theres no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot surprises are really surprising .
it feels like an afterschool special gussied up with some fancy special effects  and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinskys cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap  any rock pile will do for a set  reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr  nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
gooding is the energetic frontman  and its hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
a sweettempered comedy that forgoes the kneejerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
nothings at stake  just a twisty doublecross you can smell a mile awaystill  the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
scotland looks wonderful  the fans are often funny fanatics  the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
at times  the movie looks genuinely pretty  your nightmares  on the other hand  will be anything but  not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago  has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a few zingers aside  the writing is indifferent  and jordan brady s direction is prosaic .
its quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentists waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
if youre a wwf fan  or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a  i   youll probably like rollerball .
this delicately observed story  deeply felt and masterfully stylized  is a triumph for its maverick director .
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film  a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it .
than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but i ve got to give it thumbs down .
a very long movie  dull in stretches  with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
without de niro  city by the sea would slip under the waves  he drags it back  singlehanded .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but its also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering  may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
seagals strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this years razzie .
to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
does nt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
the film is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators .
an often watchable  though goofy and lurid  blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat  i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
i m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous  but with bears  and a g rating   with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
its really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt s cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
come away thinking not only that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
instead of contriving a climactic heros death for the belovedmajor characterwhoshall remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens laser guns actually hit something for once .
mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever  amusing and unpredictable .
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like  divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood   except that the writing  acting and character development are a lot better .
its not a film to be taken literally on any level  but its focus always appears questionable .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  im not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt  miss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that doesnt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wisemans warmest .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off .
you wont believe much of it  but you will laugh at the audacity  at the whos who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
it wouldnt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabes routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
is still topheavy with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if were looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles  where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble  the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas  but it never manages to put them on the same path .
ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movies presentation  which is way too stagy .
as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
beating the austin powers films at their own game  this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness  not the man  and the results might drive you crazy .
smith examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
its a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
beware the quirky britcom  they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
with we were soldiers  hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year  she should get all five .
a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
it feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso  sia lacks visual flair  but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then there s always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
it desperately wants to be a wacky  screwball comedy  but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
to newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real  she ca nt provide any conflict .
an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
its a hoot and a half  and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when hes not giving the same 15cent stump speech .
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois  tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski  that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and .
something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
unfortunately  a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes .
from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the twodrinkminimum crowd .
occasionally funny and consistently odd  and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
in the end  tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
taken individually or collectively  the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations  it makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
it s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
its a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenixs .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and egodestroying process of unemployment  time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
what sets ms birot s film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
for a film about action  ultimate x is the gabbiest giantscreen movie ever  bogging down in a barrage of hype .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
none of this socalled satire has any sting to it  as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally  to some extent  warmed up to him .
this readymade midnight movie probably wont stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  its goofy  if not entirely wholesome  fun .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo  if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america    sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
if you want to see a train wreck that you cant look away from  then look no further  because here it is .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
an effectively creepy  fearinducing  not fearreducing  film from japanese director hideo nakata  who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
nature  loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
still pretentious and filled with subtext  but entertaining enough at face value to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now its begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski  it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones  but all it amounts to is a mildly funny  sometimes tedious  ultimately insignificant film .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
writer  director m night shyamalan s ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
ice age treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wont win many fans over the age of 12 .
director nalin pan doesnt do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other  he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works  no question .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking  one of the best actors  directors and producers around  responsible for some excellent work  but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and .
if youre not a prepubescent girl  youll be laughing at britney spears moviestarring debut whenever it doesnt have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
the superior plotline is nt quite enough to drag along the dead lrb water rrb weight of the other .
it s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer  it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
liman  of swingers and go  makes his bigbudget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long  lowheat chase  interrupted by a middling car chase .
a highly spirited  imaginative kid s movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because he s afraid of his bestknown creation .
i do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
this movie may not have the highest production values you ve ever seen  but it s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film  its far from being this generations animal house .
in all fairness  i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
an unusually dryeyed  even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
a morality tale whose thoughtprovoking potential is hampered by a madefortv look  rigid performances and an asinine twist that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
terrific performances  great to look at  and funny  a little uneven to be the cats meow  but its good enough to be the purr .
it s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crimebusting comic vehicle  a wellintentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor  or did they not have the nerve to speak up .
it s supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
style crosscountry adventure  it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
unfortunately  it appears that jackie chans us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
whenever its story isnt bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u  s  satellite  hunter  starring irwin and his american wifecolleague  terri  is a movie children should enjoy .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
alarms for duvalls throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
its so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that its left a few crucial things out  like character development and coherence .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like masterpiece and triumph and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers time with a gobbler like this .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone  you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
some of seagals action pictures are guilty pleasures  but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on autopilot .
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy s holes  and the scripters do nt deserve any oscars .
mike white s deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make  the good girl  a film worth watching .
writerdirector alexander payne  election  and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
i d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project realtime roots .
lrb jeff s rrb gorgeous  fluid compositions  underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams s melancholy music  are charged with metaphor  but rarely easy  obvious or selfindulgent .
shot in rich  shadowy blackandwhite  devils chronicles  with increasingly amused irony  the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
writerdirectors mehtas effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture  the intoxicating masala  of cultures and film genres .
signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
what dumb and dumber would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent  lifeaffirming script .
surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedars time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation  it does so without compromising that complexity .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories  but theyre each interesting  the movie is well shot and very tragic  and one to ponder after the credits roll .
if you can push on through the slow spots  you ll be rewarded with some fine acting .
this enthralling documentary  is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institutionacted mostly by the actual people involved .
are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we ve been watching for decades .
a remake by the numbers  linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
the project s filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music  there are slow and repetitive parts  but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual  the film is typical miike  fast  furious and full of offthecuff imaginative flourishes .
you d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you  this films impressive performances and adept direction arent likely to leave a lasting impression .
is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
an energizing  intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching  or turntablism  in particular .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so  the movie is without intent .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
sitting through the last reel  spoiler alert   is significantly less charming than listening to a fouryearold with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue  betrayal  deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
whats really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses  and one academy award winning actor  succumb to appearing in this junk thats tv sitcom material at best .
the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
even if you dont think kissingers any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen  hed sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
rambles on in a disjointed  substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
fessendens narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material  but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone    that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the storys core .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can outbadact the other   kirshner wins  but its close .
in a normal screen process  these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel  but in imax 3d  the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar gorgeousness .
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
villeneuve seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhangs last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
lynes latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say  when carol kane appears on the screen .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture ca nt quite conceal that there s nothing resembling a spine here .
the worst kind of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tvmovie oftheweek films clumsily stuck together .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
the film s highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it cant help but engage an audience .
as an actress  madonna is one helluva singer  as the mediterranean sparkles  swept away sinks .
a gripping  searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl .
not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
pick your nose instead because you re sure to get more out of the latter experience .
a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
ong chooses to present ah nas life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the characters blankfaced optimism .
a movie that  rather than skip along the seine  more or less slogs its way through soggy paris  tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy  but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
not a cheap slasher flick  as the subject matter would suggest  but is a little like a nature film  showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
not only is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
a wellintentioned effort thats still too burdened by the actors offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
if you come from a family that eats  meddles  argues  laughs  kibbitzes and fights together  then go see this delightful comedy .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting isnt  either  and you wouldnt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group  and never fails to entertain .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
what is 100 missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy  an inkling of genuine wit  and anything resembling acting .
he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the heros odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses  no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
i can imagine this movie as a bw british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al   but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
the four feathers has rewards  from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
the ending is a copout  what happens to john q  i dont have an i am sam clue .
a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
the importance of being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartletts familiar quotations .
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
happily for mr  chin  though unhappily for his subjects  the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
the irony is that this films cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt  guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh  sometimes funny  and usually genuinely worthwhile  hollywood ending is a depressing experience .
almost nothing else  raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation  is onesided  outwardly sexist or meanspirited  and in a sense  thats a liability .
that frenetic spectacle on the tv show has usually been leavened by a charm thats conspicuously missing from the girls bigscreen blowout .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight  and the whole of the proceedings beg the question  why .
bourne  jason bourne  he can scale a building like a super hero  he can outstealth any agent  hell get the girl  hes super spy .
theres a lot of good material here  but theres also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do nt want to think too much about what s going on .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability    all you have left is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like hes not trying to laugh at how bad it .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum  not even ms  redgraves noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
its hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
even if you re an agnostic carnivore  you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that arent funny .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and he ll be your slave for a year .
the film does nt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
nicholsons understated performance is wonderful  as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences hes neglected over the years .
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating  albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene  but to diminishing effect  the characters never change .
rare is the urban comedy that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes  like sirk  but differently  has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull  rodrigues s beastwithin metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze  and it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic .
the movie is a blast of educational energy  as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if youre going to alter the bards ending  youd better have a good alternative .
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
unlike most surf movies  blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
it may not be history – but then again  what if it is  – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies ive had in a while .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
id be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most  the fanboy .
leaves you with a knot in your stomach  its power is undercut by its own headbanging obviousness .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or .
you wont like roger  but you will quickly recognize him  and thats a big part of why we go to the movies .
work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like you ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
a venturesome  beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its firsttime feature director s understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
every visual joke is milked  every setup obvious and lengthy  every punchline predictable  theres no energy .
its the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team  but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
it s a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but .
a truly moving experience  and a perfect example of how art  when done right  can help heal  clarify  and comfort .
from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the lrb teen comedy rrb genre a bad name .
if youre like me  a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat  then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext thats so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but against all odds  nothing does .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results  last dance  whatever its flaws  fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether  in this case  thats true .
accuracy and realism are terrific  but if your film becomes boring  and your dialogue isnt smart  then you need to use more poetic license .
is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here  matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
if hill is nt quite his generation s don siegel lrb or robert aldrich rrb  it s because there s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair .
this is cool  slick stuff  ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
whether or not you buy mr broomfield s findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
the fact that the  best part  of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demme s good films .
if this is satire  its the smug and selfcongratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
barbershop  is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers  unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in the ring .
the modern remake of dumas s story is long on narrative and lrb too rrb short on action .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots  or cinema seats .
easier to respect than enthuse over  anderssons rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
lrb allen s rrb best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
a recipe for cinematic disaster    part quentin tarantino  part guy ritchie  and part 1960s spy spoof  its all bad .
selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural  why didnt hollywood think of this sooner .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece    so dull that its tagline should be  in space  no one can hear you snore .
a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching    gives a human face to whats often discussed in purely abstract terms .
as if trying to grab a lump of playdoh  the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story  the more details slip out between his fingers .
but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground  perhaps too much  but ties things together  neatly  by the end .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit  but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
it squanders chan s uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming thats enough to sustain laughs .
the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
this is a terrific character study  a probe into the life of a complex man .
the original was nt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
a crisp psychological drama and a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family s attempts to heal after the death of a child .
frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
at its best    festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new years eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
has generic virtues  and despite a lot of involved talent  seems done by the numbers .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new yorks finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
certainly the big finish was nt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for  but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and .
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
a simple  but gritty and wellacted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
no worse than a lot of the crap weve been offered this summer  and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
a strong script  powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
visually imaginative  thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful  it takes us on a rollercoaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddieflick sentimentality .
gulpilil is a commanding screen presence  and his characters abundant humanism makes him the films moral compass .
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times  to save their children and yet to lose them .
because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
kosminsky    puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that s enough to sustain laughs .
is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
biggie and tupac is so singlemindedly daring  it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
although based on a reallife person  john  in the movie  is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
sure  it s contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings  directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
the art direction is often exquisite  and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
as a revenge thriller  the movie is serviceable  but it doesnt really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rices complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie    is that he obviously doesnt have his heart in it .
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility  not an event that is believable  not a confrontation that is not staged  not a moment that is not false .
s best dramatic performance to date lrb is rrb almost enough to lift lrb this rrb thrillkill catandmouser  above its paintbynumbers plot .
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment has nt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by there s something about mary cowriter ed decter .
its an interesting effort  particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts   and barrys coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie  but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it .
this is not chabrols best  but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
yet another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
for its seriousness  high literary aspirations and stunning acting  the film can only be applauded .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto whats left of his passe chopsocky glory .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
stephen earnharts film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
as a good oldfashioned adventure for kids  spirit  stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
call me a wimp  but i cried  not once  but three times in this animated sweet film .
yes  mibii is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
had the film boasted a clearer  more memorable  the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff  then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
myers never knows when to let a gag die  thus  were subjected to one mindnumbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
it should be interesting  it should be poignant  it turns out to be affected and boring .
it s burns  visuals  characters and his punchy dialogue  not his plot  that carry waydowntown .
realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didnt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avarys failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal  i felt disrespected .
imagine o  henrys bthe gift of the magib relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nycs drug scene  merry friggin christmas .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental picture shows .
the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
henry bean s thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
i m not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story  like  say  treasure planet  or soso animation and an exciting  clever story with a batch of appealing characters  ill take the latter every time .
a beyondlame satire  teddy bears  picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writeractor .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance  but twists are getting irritating  and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
perrys good and his is an interesting character  but  serving sara  hasnt much more to serve than silly fluff  nor is it a romantic comedy .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nairs film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
as it stands  crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monsters path of destruction .
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet  conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
if you havent seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielbergs work  much of it is funny  but there are also some startling  surrealistic moments .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy  half past dead is just such an achievement .
this offputting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
it s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
we ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
waydowntown may not be an important movie  or even a good one  but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed  it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
its been 20 years since 48 hrs  made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasnt aged a day  but his showboating wisecracker stock persona sure is getting old .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
rosenthal lrb halloween ii rrb seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece  but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
it takes you somewhere youre not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface  and exotic dancing  its surprisingly oldfashioned .
lrb gosling s rrb combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex  unpredictable character .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious at ninety minutes  it drags .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one cant help but think hed appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling workingclass spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young womans breakdown  the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this comingofage story restraint as well as warmth .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
ratliffs two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations  and this film is part of that delicate canon .
it s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
metaphors abound  but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it s hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
is there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning  you bet there is and its what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
i walked away from this new version of et just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
as an older woman who seduces oscar  the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo  it is not what you see  it is what you think you see .
this overlong infomercial  due out on video before month s end  is tepid and tedious .
children  christian or otherwise  deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can  it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera s attention to detail .
harvard man is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm  thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that doesnt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that its only a movie .
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the selfdestructiveness of many young people .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand taverniers oftbrilliant safe conduct   laissezpasser   wears its heart on its sleeve .
i cant begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
mike whites deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make   the good girl  a film worth watching .
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis .
if a big musical number like praise the lord  hes the god of second chances doesnt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short  tries its best to hide the fact that seagals overweight and out of shape .
left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
has a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
though the film is wellintentioned  one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea  then pay your 8 and get ready for the big shear  this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
spielberg s picture is smarter and subtler than lrb total recall and blade runner rrb  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedydrama that should bolster director and cowriter juan josé campanellas reputation in the united states .
heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
frankly  its kind of insulting  both to men and women  and its not that funny  which is just generally insulting .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested  or at least conscious  i could feel my eyelids  getting  very  heavy .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the population s shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages  a trend long overdue .
takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
one sloughs ones way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
an uneven look into a grim future that doesnt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k  dick stories .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop .
a wellmade but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable  the director s experiment is a successful one .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but it s also one that  next to his best work  feels clumsy and convoluted .
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
bon appétit  just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies – from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
the acting is stiff  the story lacks all trace of wit  the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligans island  and the cgi scooby might well be the worst specialeffects creation of the year .
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
brosnans finest nonbondish performance yet fails to overcome the films manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and .
according to wendigo  nature loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and .
this is a good movie in spurts  but when it doesnt work  its at important times .
an action cartoon that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
highbrow selfappointed guardians of culture need not apply  but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy followup .
to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revengeofthenerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwais vaunted empathy .
meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
the movie is loaded with good intentions  but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
be forewarned  if you re depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
its not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date  but when it comes out on video  its well worth a rental .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent  seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento  a producer here   but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark  decadent truffle .
circuit queens wont learn a thing  theyll be too busy cursing the films strategically placed white sheets .
the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin .
a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes  but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two .
schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
for a good chunk of its running time  trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of françois and michèles relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but its encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged womans experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
more intimate than spectacular  et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
the chateau  is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
though theres a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the films direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
brosnan is more feral in this film than ive seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
theres a solid woman findingherself story somewhere in here  but youd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times  and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
its inoffensive  cheerful  built to inspire the young people  set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery  its about as exciting as a sunburn .
after an uncertain start  murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullocks memorable first interrogation of gosling .
what frei gives us    is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
the film s strength is nt in its details  but in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona  here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
theres very little sense to whats going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austenand a hollywoodized austen at that .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo nt fly with most intelligent viewers .
serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
the movie is nt painfully bad  something to be  fully experienced   it s just tediously bad  something to be fully forgotten .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bards immortal plays were written by somebody else .
undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girlmeetsgirl love story  but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allens romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
a minor picture with a major identity crisis  its sort of true and its sort of bogus and its hohum all the way through .
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions  sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
is a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
its anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit  so i just did .
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound selfevaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets .
despite besson s highprofile name being wasabi s big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate  its likely that whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  youll likely think of this one .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
a broadly played  lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
the films desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
canada s arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s  the film s ending has a  what was it all for .
a different movie  sometimes tedious  by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it .
earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
this movie feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
it s unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters .
one thing is for sure  this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chouchou .
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script  that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirit that the theme does nt drag an audience down .
but if you liked the previous movies in the series  you ll have a good time with this one too .
it is the sheer  selfish  woundlicking  barscrapping doggedness of leons struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion  despite its patchy construction .
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of knowhow mixes with lack of giveadamn .
el título no engaña  la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad  y donde el sexo es .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an  emotionally at least  adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge  these are names to remember  in order to avoid them in the future .
feels like one of those contrived  onlyin hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
seagal  who looks more like danny aiello these days  mumbles his way through the movie .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
it may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
i m sure mainstream audiences will be baffled  but  for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
fancy a real downer  leigh lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
im happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who  in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude  knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris coopers agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we dont feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
so brisk is wangs pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nailbiting thriller  its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
davis has energy  but she doesnt bother to make her heroines book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
a pintsized goodfellas designed to appeal to the younger set  its not a very good movie in any objective sense  but it does mostly hold ones interest .
s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
as social exposé  skins has its heart in the right place  but thats not much to hang a soap opera on .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema  he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue  this method almost never fails him  and it works superbly here .
this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
sheridan s take on the author s schoolboy memoir  is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
for veggietales fans  this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus  if youre not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
it s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
keeps things interesting  but do nt go out of your way to pay full price .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it – as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
absorbing and disturbing  perhaps more disturbing than originally intended  but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue  just because it seems obligatory .
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle  seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times  then found its sweet spot .
full of profound  reallife moments that anyone can relate to  it deserves a wide audience .
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic lowbudget film noir movie .
say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
openminded kids  kids who read  kids who dream  will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise  mr  desplechin is content to state it .
its been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations    are rewarded by brutal  committed performances from huppert and magimel .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie  it s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
what elevates the movie above the runofthemill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
tykwers surface flash isnt just a poor fit with kieslowskis lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowskis work aspired to  including the condition of art .
overall the film feels like a lowbudget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
it s hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
matches neorealisms impact by showing the humanity of a wartorn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
wallace seems less like hes been burning to tell a war story than hes been itching to somehow tack one together .
for 95 often hilarious minutes  cho riffs on the diciness of colonics  on straight versus gay personal ads  on how men would act if they had periods  and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
it s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
bears resemblance to  and shares the weaknesses of  too many recent actionfantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent storytelling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that jaglom pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
im convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film  i m the one that i want  in 2000 .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue  this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
it s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
everyones insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
drawing on an irresistible  languid romanticism  byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
e  t  works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
macdowell    gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else shes ever done .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and .
the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and .
the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
its quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
lrb toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
since lee is a sentimentalist  the film is more worshipful than your random e  true hollywood story .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest  promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
it s a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that hes the best brush in the business .
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat  as the stalker doesnt do much stalking  and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
it s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
the film is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well  everything is delivered with such conviction that it s hard not to be carried away .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities  but it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
its just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  its just grating .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager s uncomfortable class resentment and  in turn  his selfinflicted retaliation .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedmans similarly updated 1970 british production .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd  however  almost makes this movie worth seeing  almost .
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he s dissecting  and .
a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and they ve told a nice little story in the process .
coppolas directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with issues to simplify .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  it s impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
it does nt really know or care about the characters  and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
its hard not to feel youve just watched a featurelength video game with some really heavy back story .
a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity .
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
the films unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths  entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
entertaining despite its onejoke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is nt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
its as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
without september 11  collateral damage would have been just another bad movie  now its a bad  embarrassing movie .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon  is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first films lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided  it s the image that really tells the tale .
i spied with my little eye  a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion  grandeur  shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you  the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
proves that it s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
this readymade midnight movie probably wo nt stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  it s goofy lrb if not entirely wholesome rrb fun .
releasing a film with the word  dog  in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
made me unintentionally famous — as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby  but believe it or not  its one of the most beautiful  evocative works ive seen .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and camron seal the deal .
it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
conceptually brilliant  plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
those who do nt entirely  get  godard s distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
velocity represents everything wrong with independent film as a commodified  soldout concept on the american filmmaking scene .
sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
if you liked such movies as notting hill  four weddings and a funeral  bridget jones diary or high fidelity  then you wont want to miss about a boy .
who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
of the bride s humour is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
linklater fans  or pretentious types who want to appear avantgarde will suck up to this project .
rich in atmosphere of the postwar art world  it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but ive got to give it thumbs down .
this amiable picture talks tough  but its all bluster  in the end its as sweet as greenfingers .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment hasnt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  it s the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdettes dialogue .
to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
like other great documentaries    this goes after one truth  the ford administrations complicity in tearing orphans from their mothers  and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
the crime matters less than the characters  although the filmmakers supply enough complications  close calls and doublecrosses to satisfy us .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
with miscast leads  banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax  killing me softly belongs firmly in the sobaditsgood camp .
rogers s mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
theres enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccinos characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia .
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
you may be galled that youve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who dont care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
in death to smoochy  we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
whats surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middleagers who stumble into a relationship and then .
if youre over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a drivers license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt s plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
all that  powerpuff girls  charm is present in the movie  but its spread too thin .
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
filled with alexandre desplat s haunting and sublime music  the movie completely transfixes the audience .
the huskies are beautiful  the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
for all the time we spend with these people  we never really get inside of them .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but .
youve already seen heartbreak if youve watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard  even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive  fiercely competitive world of hiphop djs  the project is sensational and revelatory  even if scratching makes you itch .
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
a rollicking ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
s a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
if you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then you re at the right film .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers  for the rest of us  sitting through dahmers two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work  the movie contains no wit  only labored gags .
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
it s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy  resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo nt care .
would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
both exude an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
whether or not you buy mr  broomfields findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr  broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter  was .
managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
nijinsky says  i know how to suffer and if you see this film youll know too .
wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever  charming tale – as pleasantly in its own way as its selfdramatizing characters .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
the sweetest thing  a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies  may be a mess in a lot of ways  but it does have one saving grace  a lot of its gags and observations reflect a womans pointofview .
to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
whether or not you re enlightened by any of derrida s lectures on  the other  and  the self   derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
its a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject  but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history  or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy .
reminiscent of 1992 s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses  its also full of sharp  smart satire .
what would jesus do if he was a film director  hed create a movie better than this .
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom  wisdom that comes with experience  it has fun being grown up .
its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash  and youll be glad you went along for the ride .
im afraid you wont get through this frankly fantastical bythenumbers bflick with just a suspension of disbelief  rather  youll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroformsoaked handkerchief .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  youd want to smash its face in .
lets face it  there arent many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if theyre not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fools gold .
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
there are touching moments in etoiles  but for the most part this is a dull  dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us  if horses could fly  this is surely what theyd look like .
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
lrb creates rrb the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
while the production details are lavish  film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
its not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil bow wow .
the film has just enough of everything  reenactments  archival footage  talkinghead interviews  and the music is simply sublime .
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevensons treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
the film s maudlin focus on the young woman s infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heartstring plucking .
has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgraths version of nicholas nickleby left me feeling refreshed and hopeful  not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about irans electoral process  but the result is a film thats about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
its so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x    look positively shakesperean by comparison .
s an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
serry wants to blend politics and drama  an admirable ambition  its too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
it further declares its director  zhang yang of shower  as a boldly experimental  contemporary stylist with a bright future .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world  pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible  which forces us to confront whats possible and what we might do to make it so .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope  yet in its own aloof  unreachable way its so fascinating you wont be able to look away for a second .
recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema  unbreakable and signs .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist  not to mention gently political  meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
altogether  this is successful as a film  while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
its about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think thats what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
apart is the vision that taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  whos finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
in the directors cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
unspeakably  unbearably dull  featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dimwitted .
what madonna does here ca nt properly be called acting  more accurately  it s moving and .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
at just over an hour  home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though  you will likely enjoy this monster .
yes  one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong  determined monarch  but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie  i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
the film did nt convince me that calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
its never a good sign when a films star spends the entirety of the film in a coma  its a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
the directors twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship  most notably wretched sound design .
ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  its about a very human one .
the only question  is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
en sí mismo el rey león es un espectáculo digno de contemplarse en cine  dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral  pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
despite its shortcomings  girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and it s a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
theres too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young mans battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
lazy filmmaking  with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
there s something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids  movie  that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
the stunning  dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for eurofilm pretension .
its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hooha .
ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity  the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director s previous popcorn work .
serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
i like this movie a lot  i like that smith  hes not making fun of these people  hes not laughing at them .
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly  but feeling pandered to  which  in the end  might be all the more infuriating .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppolas brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
an inept  tedious spoof of 70s kung fu pictures  it contains almost enough chuckles for a threeminute sketch  and no more .
a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy  kinky fun .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that doesnt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless  70s blaxploitation shuckandjive sitcom .
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film .
cold and scattered  minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals  thats not vintage spielberg and that  finally  is minimally satisfying .
compelling as it is exotic  fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue  treachery and murder .
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times  it s awfully entertaining to watch .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and .
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories .
in the director s cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
takes one character we dont like and another we dont believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isnt very funny .
quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes .
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
the only way to tolerate this insipid  brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
theres not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm  effortless  pleasurable  featherweight charm .
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
where last time jokes flowed out of chos life story  which provided an engrossing dramatic through line  here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
has an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe its all true .
sheridan is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
one gets the impression the creators of dont ask dont tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes  too bad none of it is funny .
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering  millers hand often feels unsure .
lrb lee rrb treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line  what s best about drumline is its energy .
who needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
the latest vapid actor s exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler s reigen .
the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass  satin rouge shows that the idea of womens selfactualization knows few continental divides .
the film goes from being an unusual scifi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
only for young children  if them  their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
in trying to capture the novel s deeper intimate resonances  the film has  ironically  distanced us from the characters .
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
watching  ending  is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbors garage sale  you cant believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
the music makes a nice album  the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
the film might have been more satisfying if it had  in fact  been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology  but the cinematography is cloudy  the picture making becalmed .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesnt figure in the present hollywood program .
with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be  but it s still quite worth seeing .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  is nt much fun without the highs and lows .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva  the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller  until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington s fine performance in the title role .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex  generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso s chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
the venezuelans say things like  si  pretty much  and  por favor  go home  when talking to americans  thats muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
there is a beautiful  aching sadness to it all  paul cox needed to show it  it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while  before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon  anyway .
redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
it s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
a lighthearted  feelgood film that embraces the timehonored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
davis has a bright  chipper style that keeps things moving  while never quite managing to connect her wishfulfilling characters to the human race .
makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  it s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
its a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds  theres no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of  the longest yard  playbook like a checklist .
hailed as a clever exercise in neohitchcockianism  this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr  besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms  shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
that it s difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
its no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults  as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
silly stuff  all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
it made me feel unclean  and i m the guy who liked there s something about mary and both american pie movies .
calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it s going  but if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions .
is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
some may choose to interpret the film s end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
the movies captivating details are all in the performances  from foremans barkingmad taylor to thewliss smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowells hardeyed gangster .
s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
it s an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
one of those staggeringly wellproduced  joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me  horrors   into scrooge .
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
an overstylized  puréed mélange of sex  psychology  drugs and philosophy  sometimes entertaining  sometimes indulgent  but never less than pure wankery .
has the marks of a septuagenarian  it s a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
while theres likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans  as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbos dumbeddown tactics   much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie werent as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
was i scared  only at the prospect of becks next project  lets see  a haunted house  a haunted ship  whats next    ghost blimp .
going to the website may be just as fun  and scary  as going to the film .
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
with the candylike taste of it fading faster than 25cent bubble gum  i realized this is a throwaway movie that wont stand the test of time  its a trifle .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle  though somewhat less hardhitting at the start and finish .
its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently  but peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
despite juliet stevenons attempt to bring cohesion to pamelas emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
the emperor s club  ruthless in its own placid way  finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
arthouse to the core  read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
the films heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closedoff nationalist reality .
sure  i hated myself in the morning  but then again  i hate myself most mornings  i still like moonlight mile  better judgment be damned .
is extremely straight and mindnumbingly stilted  its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grownups from squirming in their seats .
to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls  and .
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
hopefully itll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around  wait to see it then .
it s a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
girlfriends are bad  wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
real women may have many agendas  but it also will win you over  in a big way .
a sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
cuts right through the b  s  giving a big middlefingered  shut up  to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
dog soldiers doesnt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
both flawed and delayed  martin scorceses gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
consider the titles clunkonthehead that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
after sitting through this sloppy  madeformovie comedy special  it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
the bodily function jokes are about what youd expect  but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document .
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
j  lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear  shes a pretty woman  but shes no working girl .
s the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
the documentary is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
pascale baillys romcom provides amélies audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin  i  e   a banal spiritual quest .
so grainy and rough  so dependent on being  naturalistic  rather than carefully lit and set up .
starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgrath s version of  nicholas nickleby  left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
not to like about a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
american musical comedy as we know it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
there s apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jackson s nose .
are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
i spy is an embarrassment  a monotonous  disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations  its as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
despite its promising cast of characters  big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
some actors steal scenes  tom green just gives them a bad odor  this selfinfatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard  but hes the most obvious one .
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
if youre in a mind set for goofy comedy  the troopers will entertain with their gross outs  bawdy comedy and head games .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting  but few will find the movie .
school experience that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
this is a nervy  risky film  and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
plenty of warmth to go around  with music and laughter and the love of family .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document  its makers are nt removed and inquisitive enough for that .
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again  but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
this is one of mr  chabrols subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours  and  for that matter  shrek .
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
you ve already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles  but it s worth yet another visit .
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony  and george ratliffs documentary  hell house  reflects their earnestness — which makes for a terrifying film .
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
the culmination of everyones efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form in  last dance .
takes a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
visually rather stunning  but ultimately a handsomelooking bore  the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
if h  g  wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kins reworked version  what would he say  it looks good  sonny  but you missed the point .
a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
whats most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedydrama and its relaxed  naturalseeming actors .
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
fred schepisi s tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
a jawdroppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
while it s nothing we have nt seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
the movie s vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet its potentially just as rewarding .
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
me without you has a bracing truth thats refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
lrb less a movie than rrb an appalling  odoriferous thing  so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
a giggleinducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscarwinners  susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony  but its worth the concentration .
a predictable  manipulative stinker  the story passes time until its time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
based on dave barry s popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
it s enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up  but they lack their idols energy and passion for detail .
i didnt find much fascination in the swinging  what theyre doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge  but that they are doing it is thoughtprovoking .
its not just a feelgood movie  its a feel movie  you feel good  you feel sad  you feel pissed off  but in the end  you feel alive  which is what they did .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  it s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
being author wells greatgrandson  youd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material  but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
shadyac  who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams  trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that  although flawed  is to be commended for its straightahead approach to creepiness .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  theyll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
ice cube is nt quite out of ripe screwball ideas  but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywoodaction cliches .
is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
its the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers dont make often enough .
a lot of the credit for the film s winning tone must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest  but the film is so bleak that it s hardly watchable .
davis  candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization  marred only by an inexplicable  utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in .
more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
the emperors club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world  but .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as worse than expected   but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
the movie feels like its going to be great  and it carries on feeling that way for a long time  but takeoff just never happens .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
a smart and funny  albeit sometimes superficial  cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
professionally speaking  its tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom  com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea  the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
this 90minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thoughtprovoking than i d expected it to be .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message  if indeed there is one .
perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might  thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible  its very beavis and butthead  yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive  yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
as befits its title  this pg13rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and  playing a charmless witch  she is merely a charmless witch .
he s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast  as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
mark wahlberg    may look classy in a 60shomage pokepie hat  but as a character hes dry  dry  dry .
s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
theres no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film    or the emotional integrity of the performances .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society    might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pastafagioli comedy .
it s a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure  as long as you do nt try to look too deep into the story .
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
swinging  the film makes it seem  is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
despite its flaws  secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
while dark water isnt a complete wash  no pun intended   watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering you ll wonder if lopez s publicist should share screenwriting credit .
red dragon  is entertaining  an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made  how could it not be  but it is entertaining on an inferior level  it is a popcorn film  not a mustown  or even a mustsee .
the movies messages are quite admirable  but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f  kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue  this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable  their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered   theres something vital about the movie .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets scifi rehash .
everything about girls ca nt swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says im telling you  this is f    ed  maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw  evil is interesting and good is boring .
its rare to find a film to which the adjective gentle applies  but the word perfectly describes pauline  paulette .
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
as relationships shift  director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it s not clear whether we re supposed to shriek or .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
although i didnt hate this one  its not very good either  it can be safely recommended as a videodvd babysitter .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a mans right to raise his own children .
there s only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
both lead performances are oscarsize  quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie  and moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
a plotline that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun  wasabi is a good place to start .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
as lofi as the special effects are  the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
mark pellington s latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
combines sharp comedy  oldfashioned monster movie atmospherics  and genuine heart to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to special effects by way of replacing objects in a characters hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags  outlandish color schemes  and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artists career .
goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
may take its sweet time to get wherever its going  but if you have the patience for it  you wont feel like its wasted yours .
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept lrb aliens come to earth rrb and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
swimming is above all about a young womans face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that womans doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
rohmer s drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
the fact that the best part of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demmes good films doesnt bode well for the rest of it .
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
but unless you re an absolute raving star wars junkie  it is nt much fun .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government marinelegal mystery  and thats because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh s book trainspotting .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by theres something about mary cowriter ed decter .
its not particularly subtle    however  it still manages to build to a terrifying  if obvious  conclusion .
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
its an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than lrb writerdirector rrb franc .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated  stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
with a  spy kids  sequel opening next week  why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera .
it s exactly the kind of movie toback s detractors always accuse him of making .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
much of all about lily chouchou is mesmerizing  some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
scoobydoo does nt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying  the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio  nor does it offer much in the way of barris motivations  but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy  jovial team .
learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
a semiautobiographical film that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and .
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i cant wait for the sequel .
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
a strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
mostly  shafer and cowriter gregory hinton lack a strongminded viewpoint  or a sense of humor .
its hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but its equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once its started .
are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
its a trifle of a movie  with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  its a spirited film and a mustsee .
ve never seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
canadian filmmaker gary burns inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
the irwins scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
the sundance film festival has become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing  tadpole was one of the films so declared this year  but its really more of the next pretty good thing .
in its understanding  often funny way  it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
with youthful high spirits  tautou remains captivating throughout micheles religious and romantic quests  and she is backed by a likable cast .
lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
it s still a comic book  but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
it doesnt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments i ve had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes  insecure  uncontrolled  and intense .
it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
gay or straight  kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
some body will take you places you have nt been  and also places you have .
that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool  you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
too much of this wellacted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger  more complicated story  one that never materializes .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world thats often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
although tender and touching  the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
maybe there s a metaphor here  but figuring it out would nt make trouble every day any better .
is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
it s pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
for a movie audience  the hours doesnt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kidsandfamilyoriented cable channel .
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the directors brother  the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
as is often the case with ambitious  eager firsttime filmmakers  mr  murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is nt incomprehensible .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies thats so bad it starts to become good  but it wasnt .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
here s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject s mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones s diary .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy  cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
hell is rrb looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is nt even halfway through .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
hardly an objective documentary  but its great cinematic polemic    love moore or loathe him  youve got to admire    the intensity with which hes willing to express his convictions .
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context .
its a nicely detailed world of pawns  bishops and kings  of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american hosts and their guests .
whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis  of the power of inertia to arrest development in a deadend existence .
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos  particularly where whitakers misfit artist is concerned .
at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits .
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden  if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
while obviously an extremely personal work  it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
it s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes  almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
madeup lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on americas skindeep notions of pulchritude .
everything else about high crimes is  like the military system of justice it portrays  tiresomely regimented .
stevens vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
it was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
it s not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
become  to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of nonactors and a gritty  nobudget approach .
his shortest  the hole  which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
an impressive debut for firsttime writerdirector mark romanek  especially considering his background is in music video .
s mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punchdrunk love .
that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
the story is a rather simplistic one  grief drives her  love drives him  and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place  it struck a chord in me .
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
you need nt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes  work .
campanella gets the tone just right  funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
the ring  is pretty much an englishlanguage copy of the film that inspired it  and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb  the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
scotland  pa would be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
it s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
a sly game of cat and mouse thats intense and thrilling at times  but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
for the rest of us  sitting through dahmer s two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
pray doesnt have a passion for the material  he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy  but it isnt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
its so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief  and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a thirdact plot development is somewhat melodramatic  its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
while the humor aspects of jason x were far more entertaining than i had expected  everything else about the film tanks .
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
too restrained to be a freak show  too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral  too dull and pretentious to be engaging    the isle defies an easy categorization .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it cant really be called animation .
its a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
a grittily beautiful film that looks  sounds  and feels more like an extended  openended poem than a traditionally structured story .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grants own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
offers no new insight on the matter  nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
its a testament to the films considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries  theres a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls .
about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do  and the experience is profound  the hours is what movies are supposed to be .
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
there s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
its clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
this surreal gilliamesque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes  a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challengehungry moviegoers .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower iq than when i had entered .
it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension  and even if it werent silly  it would still be beyond comprehension .
never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
o último suspeito ganha força ao também funcionar em uma esfera adicional  a do drama familiar .
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
no  i dont know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
if there was any doubt that peter ofallon didnt have an original bone in his body  a rumor of angels should dispel it .
all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties .
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens  wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the hero s odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
a graceful  contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
but tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented  and based on three short films and two features  heres betting her third feature will be something to behold .
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
the film delivers what it promises  a look at the  wild ride  that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose  ivans xtc  is one of this years very best pictures .
watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
unsurprisingly  the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but its hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or perhaps its just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
s a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
her fans walked out muttering words like  horrible  and  terrible   but had so much fun dissing the film that they didnt mind the ticket cost  in this case zero .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud    and parmentier .
of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess .
a moving and weighty depiction of one familys attempts to heal after the death of a child .
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
lrb while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
theres no question that epps scores once or twice  but its telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
evokes the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamets  house of games  and last falls  heist  so much fun .
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character  it is now .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish  and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
as far as mainstream matineestyle entertainment goes  it does a bangup job of pleasing the crowds .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in baran .
there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
a story we havent seen on the big screen before  and its a story that we as americans  and human beings  should know .
nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death .
home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
you do nt know whether to admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and im all for that .
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j  k  rowlings marvelous series into a deadly bore .
nair stuffs the film with dancing  henna  ornamentation  and group song  but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
playfully profound  and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
one sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing    but she and writing partner laurence coriat dont manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
while not all that bad of a movie  it s nowhere near as good as the original .
a great script brought down by lousy direction  same guy with both hats  big mistake .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
an undeniably gorgeous  terminally smitten document of a troubadour  his acolytes  and the triumph of his band .
cannon s confidence and laidback good spirits are  with the drumming routines  among the film s saving graces .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccanns revolution no  9 .
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
if youre burnt out on its a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie youre looking for  it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students    and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that didnt talk down to them   ignoring that  he made swimfan anyway .
ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
films about loss  grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days  seen in that light  moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
with the exception of mccoist  the players do nt have a clue on the park .
director ofallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen  but his skill at telling a story  he also contributed to the screenplay  falls short .
has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke  lucky break is lrb cattaneo rrb sophomore slump .
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody  and to belong to somebody .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average students selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
youd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous than leon .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitts gentle  endearing 1975 childrens novel .
is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
looking for leonard  just seems to kinda sit in neutral  hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills  ignore the reputation  and ignore the film .
the punch lines that miss  unfortunately  outnumber the hits by threetoone  but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
s telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed  this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
anchored by friel and williamss exceptional performances  the films power lies in its complexity  nothing is black and white .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well .
so routine  familiar and predictable  it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
not the great american comedy  but if you liked the previous movies in the series  youll have a good time with this one too .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america s indigenous people  but .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry  but .
is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
if you re looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  you ll need a stronger stomach than us .
a visceral sense of its characters  lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above  what could have been a melodramatic  lifetime channelstyle anthology .
a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
the furious coherence that deniro brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself  which feels  as it plods toward the end  less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
it s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
by turns gripping  amusing  tender and heartwrenching  laissezpasser has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action  all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
you expect more from director michael apted lrb enigma rrb and screenwriter nicholas kazan lrb reversal of fortune rrb than this cliche pileup .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things  it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue  accentuating  rather than muting  the plot s saccharine thrust .
on the whole  the movie lacks wit  feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
disneys liveaction division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam  but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
you wouldnt call the good girl a date movie  an antidate movie is more like it   but when its good  its good and horrid .
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
a real audiencepleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who s ever waited in a doctor s office  emergency room  hospital bed or insurance company office .
has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful  no doubt  it s the worst movie i ve seen this summer .
it s a treat  a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score .
elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
whats so striking about jolies performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
its definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it doesnt take itself so deadly seriously .
tully is worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
its not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least its better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
its rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the sons room .
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
pete s screenplay manages to find that real natural  evenflowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesnt mean its good enough for our girls .
firsttime director joão pedro rodrigues unwillingness to define his heros background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
while the humor is recognizably plympton  he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
although  visually striking and slickly staged  it s also cold  grey  antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
a    cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best  being teenagers .
the story and structure are wellhoned  fresnadillos dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wont go away .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
despite its title  amys orgasm is not a porno  though it is as tedious as one .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccann s revolution no 9 .
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
everything its title implies  a standardissue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse  the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
its stupidities wind up sticking in one s mind a lot more than the cool bits .
the picture  scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordionharmonicabanjo abomination  is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
to me  it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
mctiernan s remake may be lighter on its feet  the soberminded original was as graceful as a tapdancing rhino  but it is just as boring and as obvious .
no matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
is either a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity that that implies .
before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
the good and different idea of middleaged romance is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
there are some laughs in this movie  but williams anarchy gets tiresome  the satire is weak .
than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so .
shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry thats rare in film today  but be warned  its a slow slog to get there .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
elegant and eloquent lrb meditation rrb on death and that most elusive of passions  love .
of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
several of steven soderbergh s earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
be forewarned  if youre depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle  inner and outer  thats all too rare in hollywoods hastier productions .
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as looseygoosey  experimental entertainment  still  im not quite sure what the point is… .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game  you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs    a sad sitcom of a movie  largely devoid of charm .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
another big  dumb action movie in the vein of xxx  the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
an uncomfortable experience  but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
instead of contriving a climactic hero s death for the belovedmajor  characterwhoshall  remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard  it s icky .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
obligada para impotentes  daneses  camareras italianas  profesores de idiomas  y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss    provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
partway through watching this saccharine  eastereggcolored concoction  you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses  nor their characters  deserve .
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys  direction is clever and insightful .
the plot is straight off the shelf  the performances are television caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10course banquet .
puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
theres a lot of tooth in roger dodger  but whats nice is that theres a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
if you can stomach the rough content  its worth checking out for the performances alone .
haneke keeps us at arms length  guided more by intellect than heart  his story flattens instead of sharpens .
greengrass  working from don mullans script  forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of    outrageous gags .
its a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn  nothing overly original  mind you  but solidly entertaining .
hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
this followup seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
when mr  hundert tells us in his narration that this is a story without surprises   we nod in agreement .
how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
there s much tongue in cheek in the film and there s no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive  the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
when he moves his setting to the past  and relies on a historical text  he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
a mustsee for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent  stylish moviemaking .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritters glory days on threes company .
for all its serious sense of purpose    it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely .
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant .
it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
cacoyannis vision is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
too silly to be frightening  too stolid to be funny  it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star  david arquette .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes  just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god .
the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural  swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  s  c   to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger  all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
replacing john carpenters stylish tracking shots is degraded  handheld blair witch videocam footage  of all the halloweens  this is the most visually unappealing .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  its a lyrical endeavour .
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and a wide supply .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like youre watching an iceberg melt  only it never melts .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
it moves quickly  adroitly  and without fuss  it doesnt give you time to reflect on the inanity  and the cold war datedness  of its premise .
enchanted with lowlife tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts    what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cages best acting .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense  youll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes  what time is it there   something the true film buff will enjoy .
if you love reading andor poetry  then by all means check it out  youll probably love it .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers  and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
despite impeccable acting    and a script that takes some rather unexpected  even  at times  preposterous  turns  love is just too  too precious in the end .
more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
in the pianist  polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions  and he allows nothing to get in the way .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out .
grownup quibbles are beside the point here  the little girls understand  and mccracken knows thats all that matters .
cant kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers  still  this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo  broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
its deepsixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in theres something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
partly a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists  but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious  at ninety minutes  it drags .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road  but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
its hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marinas could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom  and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the 70s or 80s  and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
the one notsosmall problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
it s packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message  so it s great for the kids .
like dickens with his passages  mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual  but they dont fit well together and neither is well told .
s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
imagine lrb if possible rrb a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor .
at its best  this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
jacquots rendering of puccinis tale of devotion and doublecross is more than just a filmed opera  in his first stab at the form  jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce    lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
a creepy  intermittently powerful study of a selfdestructive man    about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
nicholas nickleby  is a perfect family film to take everyone to since theres no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year  charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
almodóvar logra un filme entrañable  lleno de compasión  comprensión  amor  amistad  esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
the movie makes absolutely no sense  its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question  since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb .
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screeneating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best  even hokum goes down easily .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
the casting of raymond j barry as the  assassin  greatly enhances the quality of neil burger s impressive fake documentary .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that its hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
for all its shootouts  fistfights  and car chases  this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
the film is so bad it doesnt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life s endgame .
s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
like rudy yellow lodge  eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating characters story .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
it wont bust your gut  and its not intended to  its merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
we ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
anyway  for one reason or another  crush turns into a dire drama partway through  after that  it just gets stupid and maudlin  too bad  but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances  its not a total loss .
filmmakers dana janklowiczmann and amir mann area headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
still rapturous after all these years  cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
see it now  before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd  intriguing wrinkles .
this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
with this new rollerball  sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
you dont need to be a hiphop fan to appreciate scratch  and thats the mark of a documentary that works .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend  when she speaks  her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say .
look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
shankman    and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
abderrahmane sissakos heremakono  waiting for happiness  is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
full of witless jokes  dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios  and saddled with a general air of misogyny .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie .
twist open the ouzo  its time to let your hair down – greek style  a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb fills me with revulsion .
the only entertainment youll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles – several of them .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them  perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter  its not an easy one to review .
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feelgood movies  the cast and director stephen hereks polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
davis wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody .
by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that doesnt reveal even a hint of artifice .
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
director dirk shafer and cowriter greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
it sounds sick and twisted  but the miracle of shainbergs film is that it truly is romance .
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
uncertain in tone    a garbled exercise in sexual politics  a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that hes now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
there s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished products unshapely look  director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film  lovely  amazing involves us because it is so incisive  so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
while most films these days are about nothing  this film seems to be about everything thats plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
alain choquarts camera barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects  he just wants them to be part of the action  the wallpaper of his chosen reality  here  thankfully  they are .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything  thats because relatively nothing happens .
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome  if downbeat  missive from a forgotten front .
n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
pocas ideas interesantes  un final pseudo místico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensación de inconformidad que hace pensar más de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto .
no one involved  save dash  shows the slightest aptitude for acting  and the script  credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest  tron  anderson  seems entirely improvised .
an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
labute ca nt avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and its neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
a working class  us vs  them  opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality  humour and pathos .
an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity  with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
by the time you reach the finale  youre likely wondering why youve been watching all this strutting and posturing .
one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most .
if theres a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs  i think its in projects like the  unfortunately rrated  paid .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
the script s snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but .
though uniformly well acted  especially by young ballesta and galan  a firsttime actor   writerdirector achero manass film is schematic and obvious .
i cant say that i liked homeboy  itd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing  bizarre  dogmalike in spots  and quite truthful  in its way .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
it s also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are  edgy .
a breezy  diverting  conventional  wellacted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of catandcat .
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
a chronicle not only of one mans quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaigns end  an extended publicity department .
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude 70s throwback .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the characters lines would suggest  and sarandon  who couldnt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
as a director  mr  ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
you neednt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes work  though haynes style apes films from the period    its message is not rooted in that decade .
over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
sucking all the classic out of robert louis stevensons treasure island and filling the void with scifi video game graphics and disneyfied adolescent angst .
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
armed with a game supporting cast  from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation    just about as chilling and unsettling as manhunter was .
proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
while there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb  much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
i didnt laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube  and his skinny buddy mike epps  to make like laurel and hardy n the hood .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining  but it doesnt have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story  i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
kapur s contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
an awful lot like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something .
not really bad so much as distasteful  we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father  french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
shaky closeups of turkeyonrolls  stubbly chins  liver spots  red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time  we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
ive yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now weve got something pretty damn close .
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
it s an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
a blair witch  style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
a few hours after you ve seen it  you forget you ve been to the movies .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph ive ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
diane lane s sophisticated performance ca nt rescue adrian lyne s unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
what john does is heroic  but we do nt condone it   one of the film s stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture s moral schizophrenia .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you  burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyates reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
in spite of good housekeepings unsavory characters and wwf mentality  this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
ice age is the first computergenerated feature cartoon to feel like other movies  and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
has enough wit  energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they re not interested .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns  expensive cars  lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks  the thing just never gets off the ground .
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
an unintentionally surreal kid s picture  in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
lrb frames rrb profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
laskers canny  meditative script distances sex and love  as byron and luther    realize they cant get no satisfaction without the latter .
on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
taken purely as an exercise in style  this oppressively gloomy technohorror clambake is impossible to ignore  but as a movie  its a humorless  disjointed mess .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road    but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women  it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life  the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story  of course  is that it goes nowhere .
its    worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
it doesnt make for great cinema  but it is interesting to see where ones imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story .
if youre just in the mood for a fun  but bad  movie  you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
any reasonably creative eighthgrader could have written a more credible script  though with the same number of continuity errors .
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans  but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow  peaceandlove side of the 60s counterculture .
whats infuriating about full frontal is that its too close to real life to make sense  whats invigorating about it is that it doesnt give a damn .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
hanekes script  from elfriede jelineks novel  is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think its in danger of going wrong .
in practice it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
moretti  is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances  the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
one of the best rock documentaries ever  wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
it s such a mechanical endeavor lrb that rrb it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
hawke s film  a boring  pretentious waste of nearly two hours  does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
the kind of sweetandsour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of there but for the grace of god   it is far too selfconscious to draw you deeply into its world .
its loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
had so much fun dissing the film that they did nt mind the ticket cost .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone .
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
the movies biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
13 conversations about one thing  is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
twenty years later  reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery  but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
mr  deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of notsofunny gags  scattered moments of lazy humor .
his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian  not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greenes prose  and its there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
moores better at fingering problems than finding solutions  but though he only scratches the surface  at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
its tommys job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  youll feel like mopping up  too .
the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — its better to give than to receive .
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
the movie s seams may show  but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
lrb macdowell rrb ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
shows that jackie chan is getting older  and that s something i would rather live in denial about .
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
it s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
everyone s insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did  its called wheres chris tucker when you need him .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy ca nt compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
is the script s endless assault of embarrassingly hamfisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  isnt much fun without the highs and lows .
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
it s the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers do nt make often enough .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air .
even though its common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you cant help but get caught up in the thrill of the companys astonishing growth .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slomo  doublepistoled  ballisticpyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic .
american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
we get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
some movies were made for the big screen  some for the small screen  and some  like ballistic  ecks vs sever  were made for the palm screen .
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood stylecasting excellent latin actors of all agesa trend long overdue .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom  you d be wise to send your regrets .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
it is scotts convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
the result  however wellintentioned  is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
the films lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
ultimately the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new directors cut .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip  the end result is a film thats neither .
handled correctly  wildes play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice  here  alas  it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
its so mediocre  despite the dynamic duo on the marquee  that we just cant get no satisfaction .
wimps out by going for that pg13 rating  so the more graphic violence is mostly offscreen .
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
whether our actionandpopcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isnt much of a mystery  unfortunately .
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but does nt quite get there .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man s right to raise his own children .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse .
broomfield s style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and it s really well directed .
that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
all too familiar    basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when angels with dirty faces appeared in 1938 .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes  wendigo  larry fessendens spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way  while never sure what its purpose was .
looks more like a travelagency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independentcommunity guiding lights .
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
as gidget  only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
expected from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
an inventive  absorbing movie that s as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
theres an admirable rigor to jimmys relentless anger  and to the scripts refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize theres no place for this story to go but down .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating character s story .
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
if the movie were all comedy  it might work better  but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a summary of the plot doesnt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
its a film thats destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studios animated classics .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
like its two predecessors  1983s koyaanisqatsi and 1988s powaqqatsi  the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navelgazing film ever .
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
an instantly forgettable snowandstuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holidayseason product .
not a film to rival to live  but a fine little amusebouche to keep your appetite whetted .
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts  this must have been a difficult shoot  but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
the movie s captivating details are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
a charming  banterfilled comedy  one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing    but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
i have no problem with  difficult  movies  or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out  but first  you have to give the audience a reason to bwantb to put for that effort  and  i .
a finelooking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchyfeely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
the sheer dumbness of the plot  other than its one good idea  and the movies inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
as a director  paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
so muddled  repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
a fairly bythebooks blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
yet it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
has all the trappings of an energetic  extremesports adventure  but ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
lovely and amazing is holofcener s deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain  and the payoff is negligible .
of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made .
about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
peralta captures  in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago  the essence of the dogtown experience .
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
shadyac shoots his film like an m  night shyamalan movie  and he frequently maintains the same snails pace  he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
oddly  the film is nt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganeshs rise up the social ladder .
without a strong script and energetic acting  dogma films can produce the same sleepinducing effects as watching your neighbors home videos .
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
with a completely predictable plot  you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
on the evidence before us  the answer is clear  not easily and  in the end  not well enough .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark  but that does nt mean you wo nt like looking at it .
if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
the movies progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase fatal script error .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the directors previous popcorn work .
is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
a lackluster  unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j  m  barries peter pan .
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
i can take infantile humor    but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writers diapers .
is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself  which contains few laughs and not much drama .
is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
dignified ceos meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree  can you bear the laughter .
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer  as the prime villain  and nathan lane as vincent crummles  the eccentric theater company manager .
feels less like a change in lrb herzog s rrb personal policy than a halfhearted fluke .
the only pain you ll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises .
less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
preposterous and tedious  sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that  unfortunately  occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
lrb stephen rrb earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
like its new england characters  most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial  the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
the aaa of action  xxx is a blast of adrenalin  rated eee for excitement  and vin diesel is the man .
director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wont do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
it s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy  in the end  though  it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
stephen earnhart s documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
the obnoxious special effects  the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant  sofiveminutesago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy  dopey old hannabarbera charm .
watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
there was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
like a soft drink that s been sitting open too long  it s too much syrup and not enough fizz .
venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
its difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassingim prepared to call it a draw .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches isnt exactly endearing .
s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufmans approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearolds book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story does nt have a single surprise up its sleeve .
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
shes as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
the film is darkly atmospheric  with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearsts forced avuncular chortles .
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point  is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
a cute and sometimes sidesplittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous  starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
the skills of a calculus major at mit are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry  their sexual and romantic tension  while never really vocalized  is palpable .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is  quite frankly  an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
showtime is nt particularly assaultive  but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film doesnt ignore the more problematic aspects of browns life .
the pacing is deadly  the narration helps little and naipaul  a juicy writer  is negated .
mr  spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned  and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
ultimately  sarahs dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one womans broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of  the isle  youll get a sockyouintheeye flick that is a visual tourdeforce and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable  especially considering its barely featurelength running time of one hour .
despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece  the picture begins to resemble the shapeless  grasping actors workshop that it is .
despite the premise of a good story    it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
behans memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang s forte and it shows .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay  proficient  but singularly cursory   testud acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
a sports movie with action thats exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength .
he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than firebreathing monsters barbecue with their breath .
the powder blues and sunsplashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movies various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movies most admirable quality .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock s thrillers  most of the scary parts in  signs  occur while waiting for things to happen .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because the leads are such a companionable couple .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disneys great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
broomfield turns his distinctive blundering style into something that could really help clear up the case .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pellmell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
cuaron repeatedly  perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and .
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and .
its not original  and  robbed of the element of surprise  it doesnt have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
in my own very humble opinion  in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
it s tommy s job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  you ll feel like mopping up  too .
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set of plot devices .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
a story  an old and scary one  about the monsters we make  and the vengeance they take .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the makers minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way .
the word that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmers tribute to a courageous scottish lady  is painterly .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome  and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
the words  frankly  my dear  i dont give a damn   have never been more appropriate .
often hilarious  wellshot and  importantly  entertaining  hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
theres absolutely no reason why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
falsehoods pile up  undermining the movie s reality and stifling its creator s comic voice .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians  if the 70s were your idea of a good time at the movies  this will make you very happy .
that s because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
its a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas wounded and wounding uncle ralph  its a great performance and a reminder of dickens grandeur .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be  you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorseses 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
this film is an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
roman polanski s autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than  shindler s list   it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski s the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity  it makes up for with a great  fiery passion .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an alltime low in sorority boys  whose makers apparently believe that womens clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting  writing or direction .
koepp s screenplay is nt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
one of the pleasures in walters documentary    is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subjects mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
the film is saved from arentkidscute sentimentality by a warmth that isnt faked and a stately sense of composition .
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy  it can easily worm its way into your heart .
for all of the contemporary postcolonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers  the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative  still  as a visual treat  the film is almost unsurpassed .
going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
poetry in motion captured on film  while it can be a bit repetitive  overall its an entertaining and informative documentary .
ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven  others need not necessarily apply .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anticatholic protestors .
made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
the very definition of the small movie  but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye  but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
unfortunately  heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
lrb allen s rrb been making piffle for a long while  and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
instead of a hyperbolic beatcharged urban western  its an unpretentious  sociologically pointed slice of life .
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
a profoundly stupid affair  populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
a movie that at its best doesnt just make the most out of its characters flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
the same tired old gags  modernized for the extreme sports generation  theres already been too many of these films .
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but theyre treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted neednt waste their time on it .
a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
thrilling  provocative and darkly funny  this timely scifi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites  it demands repeated viewings .
essentially  fatal attraction  remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987     this story gets sillier  not scarier  as it goes along .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperor s club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesnt always jell with sean penns monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
raimi and his team couldnt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
far too clever by half  howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels  as a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
true tale of courage  and complicity  at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
its like an old warner bros  costumer jived with sex  this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make  though bette davis  cast as joan  would have killed him .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers  time with a gobbler like this .
that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
the film itself  as well its delightful cast  is so breezy  pretty and gifted  it really won my heart .
the movies ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and .
putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
like many western action films  this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing  but its heartfelt concern about north koreas recent past and south koreas future adds a much needed moral weight .
vera has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
bows best moments are when hes getting busy on the basketball court because thats when he really scores .
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allens astringent wit .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant  colorful world  its almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
even the finest chef cant make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog  and robert de niro cant make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story .
it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
though nijinsky s words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
obviously  a lot of people wasted a lot of their time  including mine  on something very inconsequential .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing  harts war  like the st  louis rams in the super bowl  waits until after halftime to get started .
davis has energy  but she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
despite its visual virtuosity  naqoyqatsi is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media subcultures .
you dont have to know about music to appreciate the films easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
one of the best films i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
its all entertaining enough  but dont look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
mr clooney  mr kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
plays like a badly edited  91minute trailer  and  the director cant seem to get a coherent rhythm going  in fact  it doesnt even seem like she tried .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese cultural revolution .
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
denis forges out of the theories of class based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
its as if youre watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak  and it has been unearthed and released now  when it has become even weaker .
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
for the most part  it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
martin lawrence live is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
what the audience feels is exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
every so often a movie comes along that confirms ones worse fears about civilization as we know it  the new guy is one of them .
be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
cedar takes a very openminded approach to this sensitive material  showing impressive control  both visually and in the writing .
made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
could have been crisper and punchier  but its likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
definitely funny stuff  but its more of the laughing at variety than the laughing with .
but if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of whats on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all cant stand .
starts out mediocre  spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
formula 51 is so trite that even yus highenergy action stylings cant break through the stupor .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama  rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible .
impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
familiar and predictable  and 45ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than  writerdirector  franc  reyes word processor .
do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road .
the movies eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid  in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
although the editing might have been tighter  hush  sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
lee s achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor  as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
even when it drags  we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking .
s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
a miraculous movie  im going home is so slight  yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film .
even if it made its original release date last fall  it wouldve reeked of a beenthere  donethat sameness .
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature  and .
ver wiel s desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
without a fresh infusion of creativity  4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here  but theres a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
seems to be about everything that s plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
between them  de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
not only a comingofage story and cautionary parable  but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession – one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
nohe s documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that im not sure could be a single iota worse    a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
while not all that bad of a movie  its nowhere near as good as the original .
an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
no better or worse than truth or consequences  n  m   or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
it may not be particularly innovative  but the films crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports  this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better films ability to make its subject interesting to those who arent part of its supposed target audience  judging by those standards  scratch is a pretty decent little documentary .
writerdirector michael kalesniko s how to kill your neighbor s dog is slight but unendurable .
this movie got me grinning  theres a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new director s cut .
godard uses his characters  if thats not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshalls intense freight train of a film .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
rarely  indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
s hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
if youre looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
the films plot may be shallow  but youve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
its an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems  but on the whole  youre gonna like this movie .
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
if you can read the subtitles lrb the opera is sung in italian rrb and you like  masterpiece theatre  type costumes  you ll enjoy this movie .
some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
while not quite  shrek  or monsters  inc    its not too bad  its worth taking the kids to .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander  some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war  let alone conscious of each other s existence .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
totally overwrought  deeply biased  and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of childrens television .
is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
the movie strains to stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
lrb fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall rrb show us the world they love and make .
ice age wo nt drop your jaw  but it will warm your heart  and i m giving it a strong thumbs up .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standup s i m the one that i want .
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was  hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events  the film works  mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a onehour tv documentary .
it is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us  a major director is emerging in world cinema .
should nt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
a confident  richly acted  emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 s first great film .
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and .
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the films nightmare versions of everyday sexinthecity misadventures .
its too selfimportant and plodding to be funny  and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
the films snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
may be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
even when hes not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement  and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and welllensed gorefest .
s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
as home movie gone haywire  its pretty enjoyable  but as sexual manifesto  id rather listen to old tori amos records .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters  by that measure  it is a failure .
although what time offers tsai s usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
all the queens men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
its a bad action movie because theres no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
nothing short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
this marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it  it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese .
its a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  it s waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
there s very little sense to what s going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr  chicken .
can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
while nothing special  is pleasant  diverting and modest  definitely a step in the right direction .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive postproduction reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the worlds best cuisine  mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
the film does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
a  hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning     but  lohmans moist  deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
an epic of grandeur and scale thats been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm loves power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
may not have generated many sparks  but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation .
be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure  hes easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
watching e  t now  in an era dominated by cold  loud specialeffectsladen extravaganzas  one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and .
rock solid family fun out of the gates  extremely imaginative through out  but wanes in the middle .
so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
i ll put it this way  if you re in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
oops  shes really done it this time  that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
lrb ahola rrb has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves  at the very least  a big box of consolation candy .
lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
a mixed bag of a comedy that cant really be described as out of this world .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
a rarity among recent iranian films  its a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonists plight .
about a mangalike heroine who fights back at her abusers  its energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
as if drop dead gorgeous wasnt enough  this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of smalltown competition .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and theyve told a nice little story in the process .
of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context  but barbershop is nt as funny as it should be .
makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski  made richer by his own experiences  making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
smug  artificial  illconstructed and fatally overlong  it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
a comingofage tale from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
while this film has an a list cast and some strong supporting players  the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the populations shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
the subtle strength of  elling  is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibis generic angst  there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
i cant remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
the film sometimes flags  but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
notwithstanding my problem with the movies final half hour  im going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize lifes messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and .
like its parade of predecessors  this halloween is a gory slashfest  it cant escape its past  and it doesnt want to .
wonder  hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another runofthemill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
that at its best does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make  cherish  a very good lrb but not great rrb movie .
it provides the grand  intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
fans of plympton s shorts may marginally enjoy the film  but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
that we believe that that s exactly what these two people need to find each other .
tsai mingliangs witty  wistful new film  what time is it there   is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
montias    pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky  but not stereotyped  street characters .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
at its best when the guarded  resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
at the onehour mark  herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional  even predictable remake  nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
offers the nonetoooriginal premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
even if you re an elvis person  you wo nt find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
its refreshing to see a girlpower movie that doesnt feel it has to prove anything .
its another video movie photographed like a film  with the bad lighting thats often written off as indie film naturalism .
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience  just pure slapstick with lots of inane  inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
it shares the first two films  loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
like kubrick  soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
the movie plays up the cartoons more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
mushes the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
from the opening scenes  its clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
whatever complaints i might have  id take its earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperors club any time .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question  is it possible for computergenerated characters to go through the motions .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola s brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
its absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan  make chans action sequences boring .
stevens  vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
a competent  unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the afterschool slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
it might be the first scifi comedy that could benefit from a threes companystyle laugh track .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostesss home video of their babys birth .
with danilo donatis witty designs and dante spinottis luscious cinematography  this might have made a decent childrens movie  if only benigni hadnt insisted on casting himself in the title role .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately that s what makes it worth a recommendation .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
firsttime writerdirector serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving  effective little film .
apallingly absurd    the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9  black and white portable tv .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie  in other words  its badder than bad .
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
the film makes a fatal mistake  it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
i wont argue with anyone who calls slackers dumb  insulting  or childish    but i laughed so much that i didnt mind .
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
the auteur s ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but .
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing  proof of this is ballistic  ecks vs  sever .
dog soldiers does nt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style its virtually its own hollywood remake .
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie .
brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
the main characters are simply named the husband  the wife and the kidnapper  emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
one things for sure—if george romero had directed this movie  it wouldnt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
isnt quite the equal of woos best earlier work  but its easily his finest american film    comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soulseye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
schnitzlers film has a great hook  some clever bits and welldrawn  if standard issue  characters  but is still only partly satisfying .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
unfortunately  kapur modernizes a  e  w  masons story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
for all the dolorous trim  secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel  a little too much dancing  a few too many weeping scenes  but i liked its heart and its spirit .
all right  so its not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny  sometimes hilarious  comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime  one that brings military courtroom dramas down very  very low .
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
the wwii drama is well plotted  visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
scherfig has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters lives after the clever credits roll .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899  cinematic poetry showcases the citys oldworld charm before machines change nearly everything .
is a shame that more wo nt get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet  evelyn .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life  a little melodramatic  but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
its a gag thats worn a bit thin over the years  though dont ask still finds a few chuckles .
there s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
is what comes from taking john carpenter s ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings .
winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
with or without the sex  a wonderful tale of love and destiny  told well by a master storyteller .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and that s where this film should have remained .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered .
irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
does nt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit  but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
the catch is that they re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof  theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy    even for disney .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels .
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
while we want macdowells character to retrieve her husband  we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
where this was lazy but enjoyable  a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare s plays .
that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
hupperts superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice .
bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
auto focus  works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from pauls perspective .
he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
tara reid plays a college journalist  but she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i dont know what shes doing in here .
i have a confession to make  i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymors preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
its good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
broomfields style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
will no doubt delight plympton s legion of fans  others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kongs john woo  hes not good with people .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
woos fights have a distinct flair  his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
apart from its own considerable achievement  metropolis confirms tezukas status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  its still a rollicking good time for the most part .
also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
like mike isnt interested in recycling old cliches  it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first  as best i remember   but still a very good time at the cinema .
the intent is almost exactly the same as the full monty  all thats missing is the spontaneity  originality and delight .
re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwas emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
it s one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads .
i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
the auteurs ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish  dumb fart jokes .
those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast is nt the least bit mesmerizing .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible  irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
its the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving  its careful  conscientious and makes no major mistakes  but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
i was impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects  not the least of which is rebecca romijnstamos .
there s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
costners warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyacs perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
there s little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movies lack of ideas .
the redeeming feature of chans films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  whats worse  routine .
count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
it s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil  bow wow .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts  holofceners film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings  so many false scares  that the genuine ones barely register .
if you like an extreme actionpacked film with a hint of humor  then triple x marks the spot .
her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
the film is never sure to make a clear point – even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession  one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones  guns  and the internal combustion engine  but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
of pre9  11 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly  but viewers dont get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
a light  yet engrossing piece  lux  now in her eighties  does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audiences meat grinder one more time .
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films  young is cool  and too young is too cool .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they dont really want to know .
tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
despite its sincere acting  signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… the film addresses in a fascinating  intelligent manner the intermingling of race  politics and local commerce .
green might want to hang onto that ski mask  as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers  but if you go in knowing that  you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
intended to be a comedy about relationships  this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
if you saw benignis pinocchio at a public park  youd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
maybe you ll be lucky  and there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe    the most aggressively nervewracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept – a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they ca nt distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
collateral damage is  despite its alleged provocation post911  an antique  in the end  as are its star  its attitude and its obliviousness .
it s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
despite the long running time  the pace never feels slack  theres no scene that screams  bathroom break .
there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and cam  ron seal the deal .
the way coppola professes his love for movies  both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art  is giddily entertaining .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
when its not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears shell become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and thats where this film should have remained .
evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
by the final whistle youre convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesnt have big screen magic .
s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
shouldnt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because theres not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
hugely entertaining from start to finish  featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves  it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
is truth stranger than fiction  in screenwriter charlie kaufmans world  truth and fiction are equally strange  and his for the taking .
its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
its sweet    but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
its not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned  the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories  mention  solaris  five years from now and im sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing .
the performers are so spot on  it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about standup comedy .
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
as pure overthetop trash  any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
beyond the cleverness  the weirdness and the pristine camerawork  one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy  but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
and there s an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
it s also built on a faulty premise  one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite  but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did  too .
ultimately  the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad  and the toofrosty exterior ms  paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time  and in their cheap  b movie way  they succeed .
is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
kids do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
its one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads  its quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar  but one that many more people should check out .
feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
noyce s greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyis  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche  no such thing is hartleys least accessible screed yet .
with rare birds  as with the shipping news before it  an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundlands wild soil  and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
interacting eyeballtoeyeball and toetotoe  hopkins and norton are a winning combination  but fiennes steals red dragon right from under their noses .
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it s a rocksolid little genre picture .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture  racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
to enjoy this movies sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns  you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
the obligatory breakups and hookups dont seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
that the chuck norris  grenade gag  occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how seriousminded the film is .
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a 75minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless  witless  and devoid of anything resembling humor .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and its certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
it will not appeal to the impatient  but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
just when you think you are making sense of it  something happens that tells you there is no sense .
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
s a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does nt reveal an inner life .
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
even if you cant pronounce  gyro  correctly  youll appreciate much of vardalos humor  which transcends ethnic boundaries .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt .
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
a hit andmiss affair  consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
waiting for godard can be fruitful  in praise of love is the directors epitaph for himself .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
as elegantly crafted as it often is  andersons movie is essentially a onetrick pony that  hampered by an undeveloped script  ultimately pulls up lame .
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
in addition to hoffman s powerful acting clinic  this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
a perverse little truffle  dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
swims in mediocrity  sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
the mood  look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
if sinise s character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina .
about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the worlds endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
there s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
feels aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives  leaving questions in its wake .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i cant compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
a profat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if it s filmed tosca that you want .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature .
why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
an admitted egomaniac  evans is no hollywood villain  and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he d gone the way of don simpson .
for all its problems    the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring    which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
while its genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records  sugar hill gang  etc    the constant referencing of hiphop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
impossible as it may sound  this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies end youll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand .
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors  and that they know their roles so well .
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
hardly an objective documentary  but it s great cinematic polemic  love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star  but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
glizty but formulaic and silly  cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
the film doesnt show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
lrb silver s parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around rrb .
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
writer and director otar iosselianis pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
meticulously mounted  exasperatingly wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlos lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
symbolically  warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop  and .
it s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
one of creepiest  scariest movies to come along in a long  long time  easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
brisk is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity  everett remains a perfect wildean actor  and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
hoffman s quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
while obviously aimed at kids  the country bears  should keep parents amused with its low groantoguffaw ratio .
like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of bball fantasy  fit for filling in during the real nbas offseason .
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement  but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
it s the kind of underinspired  overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
my goodness  queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts  she must have a very strong back .
with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
if festival in cannes nails hard  boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy  much about the film  including some of its casting  is frustratingly unconvincing .
the experience of watching blobby oldschool cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
once one experiences mr  hanekes own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in ones mouth  and little else .
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music  jones calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção  não se preocupe  ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia .
that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
theres a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments  and yet  it still works .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say  but he isnt talking a talk that appeals to me .
here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
amid the cliché and foreshadowing  cage manages a degree of casual realism    that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
adam sandlers 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
the irwins  scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent  exuberant  and moving as monsoon wedding .
even in the summertime  the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
drama of temptation  salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith  love and power .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
theres something not entirely convincing about the quiet american  and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
the wheezing terrorist subplot has nt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists  bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film .
it s obvious lrb jegyu is rrb trying for poetry  what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes .
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
this sade is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
while dark water is nt a complete wash lrb no pun intended rrb  watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene  the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
like the tuck family themselves  this movie just goes on and on and on and on .
suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monsters psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection  but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought lighthearted comedy was his forte .
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly was nt feeling any of it .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
martin scorsese cria um espetáculo visual que não possui alma  um filme esteticamente belo  mas emocionalmente frio .
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
is not that it s all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
mr  soderberghs direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
once one experiences mr haneke s own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in one s mouth  and little else .
full frontal  which opens today nationwide  could almost be classified as a movieindustry satire  but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genres definitive  if disingenuous  feature .
may leave the theater with more questions than answers  but darned if your toes wo nt still be tapping .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology thats just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question  but the risktakers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
a static and sugary little halfhour  afterschool special about interfaith understanding  stretched out to 90 minutes .
stands as one of the year s most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
the movie s ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
that s muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
it takes you somewhere you re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
its absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasemfurnished voice .
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time hell probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
instead of panoramic sweep  kapur gives us episodic choppiness  undermining the story s emotional thrust .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
all plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
shyamalan continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
sticky sweet sentimentality  clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwiiera mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
bad in such a bizarre way that its almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
the paradiso s rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the film s final lrb restored rrb third .
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but it still manages to get a few punches in .
is this love or is it masochism  binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy cant compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original  if i want music  ill buy the soundtrack  if i want a real movie  ill buy the criterion dvd .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but .
yes  i have given this movie a rating of zero  but fans of the show should not consider this a diss  consider it perfection .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writers previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and .
the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
kenneth branaghs energetic sweetandsour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
oscar wildes masterpiece  the importance of being earnest  may be the best play of the 19th century  its so good that its relentless  polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions  but even oliver parkers movie adaptation .
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun  too .
if we re to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she s french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
this version moves beyond the originals nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinemas inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
wendigo is  why we go to the cinema  to be fed through the eye  the heart  the mind .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
at best  cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies  but fails loudly in execution .
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
the problem isnt that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snakedownthethroat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
the evocative imagery and gentle  lapping rhythms of this film are infectious  it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
let s issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments ive had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
it s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens  especially the a  holes .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee youll find in this dreary mess .
on the surface a silly comedy  scotland  pa would be forgettable if it werent such a clever adaptation of the bards tragic play .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indianamerican would recognize  and the lesson  in the end  is nothing new .
there are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and  instead  rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep  i like frank the pug  though .
s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the characters seem onedimensional  and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious  untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
plods along  minus the twisted humor and eyepopping visuals that have made miike    a cult hero .
several uninteresting  unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in  unfaithful   why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
costner s warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyac s perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
this time out  sade is an unsettlingly familiar figure  in turns loyal and deceitful  responsible and reckless  idealistically selfless and coldly selfinterested .
the format gets used best    to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders  whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bonecrushing screwups .
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitts cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low  you could do worse than this oddly cheerful  but not particularly funny  bodyswitching farce .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard  is a particularly vexing handicap .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera  not to mention a sharper  cleaner camera lens .
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching .
its about following your dreams  no matter what your parents think  socrates motions for hemlock .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story  but her inner journey is largely unexplored and were left wondering about this exoticlooking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
the mothman prophecies  which is mostly a bore  seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
to others  it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
a film made with as little wit  interest  and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
explain how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
takes one character we do nt like and another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
it s an odd show  pregnant with moods  stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
if its unnerving suspense youre after  youll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
a lean  deftly shot  wellacted  weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of 60s and 70s europeanset spy pictures .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it  but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
youll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot  youll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
like its title character  this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
offers not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
lrb madonna s rrb denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously  it is also beautifully acted .
lrb davis rrb wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
if you grew up on scooby  youll love this movie  matthew lillard is born to play shaggy .
adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter .
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
beautifully crafted  engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the film s trailer also looked like crap  so crap is what i was expecting .
a highly spirited  imaginative kids movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because hes afraid of his bestknown creation .
hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
frailty  starts out like a typical bible killer story  but it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
whatever the movie s sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text .
forgettable horror  more gory than psychological  with a highly satisfying quotient of fridaynight excitement and milla power .
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
there s just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
have poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
the film is powerful  accessible and funny  you wont miss its messages  but youll be entertained as well .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
like schindlers list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this is nt .
he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood may not be exactly divine  but its definitely  defiantly  ya ya  what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and .
the film is reasonably entertaining  though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
i dont feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if its a dish thats best served cold .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that s hard to resist .
is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission    if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
oedekerk wrote patch adams  for which he should not be forgiven  why he was given free reign over this project  he wrote  directed  starred and produced  is beyond me .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
using an endearing cast  writerdirector dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships  both sexual and kindred .
however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules verne s  20000 leagues under the sea  and the george pal version of hg wells   the time machine .
provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices  cool visual backmasking   a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
its fairly solidnot to mention well edited so that it certainly doesnt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
like a skillful fisher  the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
those who are only mildly curious  i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
however stale the material  lawrences delivery remains perfect  his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms  ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welshs book trainspotting .
relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abcs  despite a few whopping shootouts .
sexually charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of memento with the hallucinatory drug culture of requiem for a dream .
rich in detail  gorgeously shot and beautifully acted  les destinees is  in its quiet  epic way  daring  inventive and refreshingly unusual .
while solondz tries and tries hard  storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
when the fire burns out  weve only come facetoface with a couple dragons and thats where the film ultimately fails .
holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
as averse as i usually am to feelgood  followyourdream hollywood fantasies  this one got to me .
not as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and exceptionally wellacted .
about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness  and we dont avert our eyes for a moment .
i ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
wasabi is slight fare indeed  with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly  like one of huberts punches   but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
its full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or .
an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa  y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón .
end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
safe conduct   is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage  viva le resistance .
would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in   my big fat greek wedding  comes from the heart .
above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes  camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
the heat of the moment prevails  it cooks conduct in a low  smoky and inviting sizzle .
quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
in scope  ambition and accomplishment  children of the century    takes kurys career to a whole new level .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought  better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts  the wide range of one actor  and the limited range of a comedian .
the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise  al pacino loathing robin williams .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she cant provide any conflict .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
after the setup  the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
im sure the filmmaker would disagree  but  honestly  i dont see the point  its a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
while not quite a comedy  the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer  and is never less than engaging .
it could change america  not only because it is full of necessary discussion points  but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if youre up for that sort of thing .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
a delightfully unpredictable  hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
s better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
if youre as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then youre at the right film .
that it s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
lrb leigh rrb has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
it all looks and plays like a 40 million version of a game youre more likely to enjoy on a computer .
an utterly compelling who wrote it in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
it might be easier to watch on video at home  but that shouldnt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
it is  by conventional standards  a fairly terrible movie    but it is also weirdly fascinating  a readymade eurotrash cult object  it is also  at times  curiously moving .
that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
boasts eyecatching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
contando com uma premissa curiosa  o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense  culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória .
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
it s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
an amalgam of the fugitive  blade runner  and total recall  only without much energy or tension .
its not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen .
has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce  lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and i m all for that .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
canadian filmmaker gary burns  inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
mustsee viewing for anyone involved in the hightech industry  others may find it migraineinducing  despite moores attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
culkin  whos in virtually every scene  shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
theres not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
as any creaturefeature fan knows  when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures  you get a lot of running around  screaming and death  on that score  the film certainly doesnt disappoint .
arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
unlike most teen flicks  swimming takes its time to tell its story  casts mostly littleknown performers in key roles  and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of selfimportance .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanskis the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
i know we re not supposed to take it seriously  but i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
despite engaging offbeat touches  knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre thats as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
this concoction  so bizarre to the adult mind  is actually a charming triumph where its intended under12 audience is concerned .
to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
don michael paul uses quickcuts   very  large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double  for seagal .
they re the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
carveys characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaines willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that its a rocksolid little genre picture  whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and it s quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
manipulative claptrap  a periodpiece movieoftheweek  plain old blarney    take your pick  all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
only an epic documentary could get it all down  and spike lees jim brown  all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
it is nt that stealing harvard is a horrible movie  if only it were that grand a failure .
as the movie traces mr  browns athletic exploits  it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any comedy to ever spill from a projectors lens .
famuyiwas feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful  intelligent manner  rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clichériddled genre can offer .
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
maelstrom is strange and compelling  engrossing and different  a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
it s the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard .
i do nt know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film  it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet  even the eager consumers of moores pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and .
those same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously  and the stepford wives mentality doesnt work in a modern context .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise  and the large cast is solid .
depicts this relationship with economical grace  letting his superb actors convey martin s deterioration and barbara s sadness  and  occasionally .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
schweiger is talented and terribly charismatic  qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the films midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmakers period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
i m not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
trapped wo nt score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
good movie  good actress  but if you expect light romantic comedy  good gosh  will you be shocked .
do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and .
im not saying that ice age doesnt have some fairly pretty pictures  but theres not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
o ótimo esforço do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro  que  depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento  perdese de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos são explicados .
not one moment in the enterprise didnt make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  its the best sequel since the empire strikes back    a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
chicago pode até ser um filme divertido e cativante  como é   mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direção contrária à evolução dos musicais .
trapped wont score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
the film s lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  you ll likely think of this one .
despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
whether writerdirector anne fontaines film is a ghost story  an account of a nervous breakdown  a trip down memory lane  all three or none of the above  it is as seductive as it is haunting .
the audacity to view one of shakespeares better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
the leads are natural and lovely  the pace is serene  the humor wry and sprightly .
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
a longwinded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable  but the notion that a strong  unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20thcentury history is undermined by aholas inadequate performance .
the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
like a child with an important message to tell    skins faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca nt totally hide its contrivances  but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrols most intense psychological mysteries .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics  unaware that it s the butt of its own joke .
d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
its something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
the following things are not at all entertaining  the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld  who is also one of the films producers  do everything he can to look like a good guy .
s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
there are as many misses as hits  but ultimately  it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior  and its a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
for most movies  84 minutes is short  but this one feels like a life sentence .
enigma  is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
as chick flicks go  this one is pretty miserable  resorting to stringpulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
jones    makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little 1  8 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
this is such a dazzlingly selfassured directorial debut that its hard to know what to praise first .
is of brian de palma s addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down  the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
its such a mechanical endeavor that it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
unspeakable  of course  barely begins to describe the plot and its complications  vulgar is too optimistic a title .
theres no denying the elaborateness of the artists conceptions  nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan  but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense  lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
its disappointing when filmmakers throw a few bigname actors and cameos at a hokey script .
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team    but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
to say analyze that is de niros best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
doesnt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
if you re not totally weirded  out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle .
a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one  or shes gonna make you feel like you owe her bigtime .
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
this movie may not have the highest production values youve ever seen  but its the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just isnt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its leads specific gifts .
khouri manages  with terrific flair  to keep the extremes of screwball farce and bloodcurdling family intensity on one continuum .
is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
belongs to daniel daylewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese  its a memorable performance in a big  brassy  disturbing  unusual and highly successful film .
s up to you to decide whether to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a very sneaky butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
and at times  all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch  the tale commands attention .
the movies somethingborrowed construction feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story  killing time  thats all thats going on here .
the movie is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
theres nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity thats packed with just as much intelligence as action .
it shares the first two films loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
i liked the movie  but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
they threw loads of money at an idea that shouldve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
extreme ops  exceeds expectations  good fun  good action  good acting  good dialogue  good pace  good cinematography .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and its a sad  sick sight .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance  more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
although there are several truly jolting scares  theres also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
there s a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight comingofagecomingout tale .
is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
s surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you ll find in this dreary mess .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
i m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening  but it s stupid .
theres much tongue in cheek in the film and theres no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
matteis underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderbergh s space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
it s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms  sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
it s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible  he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper  what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
as if it were an extended short  albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance  brought off with considerable wit .
s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie    without neglecting character development for even one minute .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
george clooney proves hes quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us hes a worldclass actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much sense even on its own terms .
video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
report card  doesnt live up to the exalted tagline  theres definite room for improvement  doesnt deserve a passing grade  even on a curve .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected  in fact  its quite fun in places .
everything about girls cant swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and .
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
the films only missteps come from the scripts insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnales antics .
s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
sets animation back 30 years  musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but .
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here .
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
stephen earnharts homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation  it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
it s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
it might be  easier  to watch on video at home  but that should nt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks .
charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget  but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  isnt really one of resources .
if you are into splatter movies  then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
nothing sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
theres enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film  and just when you think it cant get any more gay  in pops nathan lane .
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
stitch is a bad mannered  ugly and destructive little      no cute factor here…  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle  there isnt much there here .
the movie  despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword  jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
its a treat – a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score… grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
maud and rolands search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story  but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession  he makes language sexy .
visually breathtaking  viscerally exciting  and dramatically moving  it s the very definition of epic adventure .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but .
no es la mejor cinta de la serie  ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza  pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if youre going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
theres little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites  the rest of the world will enjoy a fastpaced comedy with quirks that might make the awardwinning coen brothers envious .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an antiharry potter  right down to the gryffindor scarf .
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
miyazakis nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
for the future  one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic  and it is too cute by half  but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
he does this so well you do nt have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers  it will probably be a talky bore .
it s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories  and  like a mobius strip  elliptically loops back to where it began .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees  i wanted more .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
the cast has a high time  but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
as literary desecrations go  this makes for perfectly acceptable  occasionally very enjoyable children s entertainment .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare s better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
a triumph  a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
its difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
the films messages of tolerance and diversity arent particularly original  but one cant help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group  who live in the same apartment building  but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pgrated  nonthreatening family movies  but it doesnt go too much further .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
but this is lohmans film  her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film  but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85minute brushup course with the documentary derrida  or  you can do something fun tonight .
barneys ideas about creation and identity dont really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hours worth of actual material .
all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
the only thing worse than your substandard  runofthemill hollywood picture is an angstridden attempt to be profound .
some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
fans of behans work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
provides the kind of laugh therapy i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending  after seeing analyze that   i feel better already .
s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
but the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
lrb siegel rrb and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a traditionbound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebraland  hence  more chillingly effective .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign  an exit sign  that is .
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest  yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
but first  you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
down badly as we absorb jia s moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately thats what makes it worth a recommendation .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place .
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
the pretensions  and disposable story  sink the movie  and diesel isnt the actor to save it .
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
there are simply too many ideas floating around  part farce  part sliding doors  part pop video  and yet failing to exploit them .
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over  no such thing is a big letdown .
at once overly oldfashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavyhanded in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters  the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
the performances of the children  untrained in acting  have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
sorvino is delightful in the central role  she nearly glows with enthusiasm  sensuality and a conniving wit .
s a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone .
would benignis italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
twenty years after its first release  e  t  remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielbergs misunderstood career .
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast  have made the old boy s characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
leigh is nt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations  burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool  this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy    but mostly the humor is of the sweet  gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
instead of trying to bust some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock s memorable first interrogation of gosling .
a worthy idea  but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
unfortunately  its also not very good  especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
its a stale  overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish  not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  its one of the worst of the entire franchise .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but    also one of the most curiously depressing .
s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced .
the makers of divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood should offer a free ticket  second prize  of course  two free tickets  to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
more a load of enjoyable  conanesque claptrap than the punishing  specialeffects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era  and its convolutions  feel silly rather than plausible .
smiths approach is never to tease  except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers dont have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
the biggest problem i have lrb other than the very sluggish pace rrb is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness  fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
the film s gamble to occasionally break up the liveaction scenes with animated sequences pays off  as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
mention  solaris  five years from now and i m sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
schüttes dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
anas journey is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as shes already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but doesnt quite get there  good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt  thats why sex and lucia is so alluring .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days .
its not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  id say the film works .
is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away .
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast .
stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semistable ground dramatically  this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
it plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
the heightened symmetry of this newold cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience  like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters  its hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan  the adventure is on red alert .
emash wednesdayem is not edward burns best film  but it is a good and ambitious film  and it marks him as one of the most interesting writerdirectors working today .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwoods dirty harry period .
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
beneath the film s obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
its supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength  but it never quite adds up .
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film  someone crosses arnie  arnie blows things up .
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
shunji iwais all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece  it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
eyre  a native american raised by white parents  manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
katz uses archival footage  horrifying documents of lynchings  still photographs and charming old reeltoreel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history  but most powerful of all is the song itself .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is nt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white .
do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
plays as hollow catharsis  with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the worlds reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor .
hard as this may be to believe  here on earth  a surprisingly similar teen drama  was a better film .
its heartfelt concern about north korea s recent past and south korea s future adds a much needed moral weight .
as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer  the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
lrb h rrb ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang  i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
cut through the layers of soapopera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
haynes homage to such films as  all that heaven allows  and  imitation of life  transcends them  simply put   far from heaven  is a masterpiece .
it ai nt art  by a long shot  but unlike last year s lame musketeer  this dumas adaptation entertains .
conforms itself with creating a game of whos who    where the characters moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
as comedic spotlights go  notorious c  h  o  hits all the verbal marks it should .
welldone supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
the leaping story line  shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions  shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
its hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious c  h  o  still feels like a promising workinprogress .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses  many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid  whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wont seem like such a bore .
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if its filmed tosca that you want  ill stay with the stage versions  however  which bite cleaner  and deeper .
is mildmannered  beenthere material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant  the outrageous .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory    but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug selfsatisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast theres no time to think about them anyway .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  youre going to feel like you werent invited to the party .
american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
at its best  and it does have some very funny sequences  looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
the fourth in a series that ill bet most parents had thought hoped   was a fad that had long since vanished .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans lrb but by no means all rrb will have fun with .
in his u  s  debut  mr  schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
samira makhmalbafs new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness  although  its unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal .
emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
what little grace lrb rifkin s rrb tale of precarious skidrow dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold  and the viewers  into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last weeks issue of variety .
its about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voiceover instead of speaking to each other .
although frailty fits into a classic genre  in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
moving portrait of an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself  shes a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesnt reveal an inner life .
tends to pile too many  serious issues  on its plate at times  yet remains fairly light  always entertaining  and smartly written .
whats at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete  if irritating  notion of class .
an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
the director mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big  colorful characters  mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
you could say that its slow at times  you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldnt  but one thing you couldnt say is that alias betty is predictable .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
ryosuke has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if youre in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderberghs space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story  this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
a waterlogged version of  fatal attraction  for the teenybopper set  a sad  soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale  you wo nt be sorry .
gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of selfexpression .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
feels conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting is nt  either  and you would nt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
leigh isnt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters  sandler  who also executive produces  has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
it s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant  two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
the movie is well crafted  and well executed  if youre paying attention  the  big twists  are pretty easy to guess  but that doesnt make the movie any less entertaining .
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
if youre not totally weirded out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle  quitting hits home with disorienting force .
the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
it has the feel of a summer popcorn movie  nothing too deep or substantial  explosions  jokes  and sexual innuendoes abound .
hits every cliche weve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
despite its hawaiian setting  the sciencefiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick  the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixtiesstyle slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
russell lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
adapts to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either doesnt notice when his story ends or just cant tear himself away from the characters  but its smooth and professional .
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
it s hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
hupperts show to steal and she makes a meal of it  channeling kathy bakers creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 womens augustine .
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
hugh grants act is so consuming that sometimes its difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle  and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
it all seemed wasted like deniros once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
there s nothing exactly wrong here  but there s not nearly enough that s right .
the year 2002 has conjured up more comingofage stories than seem possible  but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
theres something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot  but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
some may choose to interpret the films end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
its consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
schaeffer is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here  its a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
the movie turns out to be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
the main story    is compelling enough  but its difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it .
lovely and amazing is holofceners deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is  when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
the master of disguise falls under the category of  should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
clumsy  obvious  preposterous  the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
we re left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca nt wait to see what the director does next .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet  denis story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
admire it and yet can not recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
though it inspires some  outoffield  creative thought  the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
the film is all over the place  really  it dabbles all around  never gaining much momentum .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
the films sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength  but its propelled by the acting .
its better than the phantom menace  but unless youre an absolute raving star wars junkie  it isnt much fun .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudosophisticated cultural observations  while the remainder    would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
its played in the most straightfaced fashion  with little humor to lighten things up  the heavyhanded film is almost laughable as a consequence .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
do nt expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
4 friends  2 couples  2000 miles  and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink  its the ultimate redneck roadtrip .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture .
despite the fact that this film wasnt as bad as i thought it was going to be  its still not a good movie .
it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies  and its ample charms should win over the most hardhearted cynics .
the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
the young stars are too cute  the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative  the message is too blatant  the resolutions are too convenient .
re content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
doesnt bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies  maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
its hard to pity the plain girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss  rather  pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
i walked away not really know who  they  were  what  they  looked like  why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i didnt care .
is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
this goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
a goodnatured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast  but never quite gets off the ground .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the teen comedy genre a bad name .
pryor lite  with half the demons  half the daring  much less talent  many fewer laughs .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject thats potentially moving  the movie is too predictable and too selfconscious to reach a level of high drama .
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
the whole thing feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war s madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life .
how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuação  harold ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo  e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you cant wait to see end .
trailer park magnolia  too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hotblooded  and both leads are up to the task .
is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
its probably worth catching solely on its visual merits  if only it had the story to match .
the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
while hill has learned new tricks  the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities     but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
it s a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
lrb washington s rrb strong hand  keen eye  sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
graham greenes novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caines performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
a bold lrb and lovely rrb experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
writerdirector walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall show us the world they love and make us love it  too .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters  but it s smooth and professional .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve  into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity .
jane learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
at nearly three hours  the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
forgets about her other obligations  leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and youve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
the rock is destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers .
independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
the movies seams may show    but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
the films intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge thats opened between them .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr   but there isnt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script  its simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
if you recognize zeus lrb the dog from snatch rrb it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
its difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
the modern remake of dumass story is long on narrative and  too  short on action .
do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice  the movie makes two hours feel like four .
the overall vibe is druggy and selfindulgent  like a springbreak orgy for pretentious arts majors .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of meanspiritedness .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
though there s a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the film s direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
its a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that its implosion rather than explosion you fear .
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy neednt always make us laugh  tim storys not there yet  but barbershop shows hes on his way .
does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
watching this film  what we feel isnt mainly suspense or excitement  the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
a freshfaced  bighearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkleys flopping dolphingasm .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series  accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
i can imagine this movie as a b  w british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al  but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger .
a lovely trifle that  unfortunately  is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants  its like watching a nightmare made flesh .
not a strike against yangs similarly themed yi yi  but i found what time  to be more engaging on an emotional level  funnier  and on the whole less detached .
using a stock plot  about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
the story may not be new  but australian director john polson  making his american feature debut  jazzes it up adroitly .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawsons creek  theyll probably run out screaming .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable  warm water may well be the years best and most unpredictable comedy .
fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
it is just too bad the films story does not live up to its style .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillats fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
this slight premise    works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
a cleareyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
if theres one thing this world needs less of  its movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldnt pass an entrance exam .
it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing  its an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gais character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
scherfig  who has had a successful career in tv  tackles more than she can handle .
theirs is a simple and heartwarming story  full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece  so dull that its tagline should be   in space  no one can hear you snore .
comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
when a set of preshooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer  better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film  thats a bad sign  a very bad sign .
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny  and the action sequences  clearly the main event  are surprisingly uninvolving .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
the paradisos rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the films final  restored  third…emotionally belittle a cinema classic  sometimes shorter is better .
its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
critics need a good laugh  too  and this tooextremefortv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous  sickening  sidesplitting goods in steaming  visceral heaps .
morgan  judd and franklin cant save the script  rooted in a novel by joseph finder  from some opportunism .
furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clásico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that  however engaging  is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
shreves graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen  and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary  he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies  even as they are being framed in conversation  max is static  stilted .
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
its dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
a distant  even sterile  yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogans heroes star bob crane .
adam sandlers heart may be in the right place  but he needs to pull his head out of his butt .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it  anthony  hopkins .
a fanciful drama about napoleons last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
its a bad sign when youre rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects deaths just so the documentary will be over  but its indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
creates a stunning  taxi driveresque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role  and has completely transformed himself from his smooth  goodfellas image .
takes you by the face  strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you  slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
every dance becomes about seduction  where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated  and sex is currency .
ill put it this way  if youre in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
the characters  are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
most consumers of lo mein and general tsos chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something .
the film s intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
as earnest as a communitycollege advertisement  american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
this amiable picture talks tough  but it s all bluster  in the end it s as sweet as greenfingers .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
a few artsy flourishes aside  narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
coal is nt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children s stockings .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
its often faintly amusing  but the problems of the characters never become important to us  and the story never takes hold .
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernsteins perfectly melodic score  haynes gets just about everything right .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if its far tamer than advertised .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli    ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls youd expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of antisemitism ever seen on screen .
i can easily imagine benignis pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial  coal isnt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty childrens stockings .
have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
at its worst the screenplay is callow  but at its best it is a young artists thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
even with its  50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
may be far from the best of the series  but its assured  wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
special pov camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
chan s stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
though the story  is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
its like rocky and bullwinkle on speed  but thats neither completely enlightening  nor does it catch the intensity of the movies strangeness .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it hes well worth spending some time with .
so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
five screenwriters are credited with the clichéladen screenplay  it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
while its all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside .
de niro looks bored  murphy recycles murphy  and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives  still with the boiler suit and white mask  which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been massmurdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself does nt stand a ghost of a chance .
mr  tsai is a very original artist in his medium  and what time is it there  should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
i stopped thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license .
guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold  a case in point  doug prays scratch .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with lifes endgame .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and there s nothing to drink .
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
koepps screenplay isnt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
those who arent put off by the films austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the years  unintentionally  funniest moments  that its impossible to care .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longleys film lacks balance    and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan  the characters move with grace and panache .
the spanieleyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
things really get weird  though not particularly scary  the movie is all portent and no content .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its lowkey way of tackling what seems like donetodeath material .
is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that theyre playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though its told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
the new faces are interesting  but the old story isnt  especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
i blame all men for war   the wardens daughter tells her father  the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
its the type of film about growing up that we dont see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not sugarcoated in the least .
at the end of the movie  my 6yearold nephew said   i guess i come from a broken family  and my uncles are all aliens  too   congrats disney on a job well done  i enjoyed it just as much .
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
the tone errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
i know were not supposed to take it seriously  but i cant shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
alls well that ends well  and rest assured  the consciousnessraising lessons are cloaked in grossout gags .
acting  particularly by tambor  almost makes  never again  worthwhile  but writerdirector schaeffer should follow his titular advice .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
birthday girl doesnt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns  creating a meandering  inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
the year s greatest adventure  and jackson s limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
s good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs  young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower childs desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
human resources was a good  straightforward tale  but time out is better  its haunting  its like a poem .
it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  it s a work of enthralling drama .
also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile .
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
sadly  though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they cant generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg .
indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
a 94minute travesty of unparalleled proportions  writerdirector parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
a cross between boys do nt cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all it s a love story as sanguine as its title .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
this is surely one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture .
if you have nt seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg s work .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances  but their screen time is sabotaged by the storys inability to create interest .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous   the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
about this traditional thriller  moderately successful but not completely satisfying  is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
like a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but like most movie riddles  it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian  though if ever a movie needed one of the actors whiny jags to pump it up  this has to be among the rare ones .
no one goes unindicted here  which is probably for the best  and if youre not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes  youve got ice water in your veins .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
the films 45minute running time stops shy of overkill  though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters  suffering .
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but its not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but .
in an effort  i suspect  not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted  it offends by just being wishywashy .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept  aliens come to earth  and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
it s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
the story  like ravels bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people  seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
a wishywashy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung  but explains its characters decisions only unsatisfactorily .
whats most memorable about circuit is that its shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large    and small    with considerable aplomb .
a hard look at one mans occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
this is very much of a mixed bag  with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
the bands courage in the face of official repression is inspiring  especially for aging hippies  this one included .
when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
macdowell  whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs    brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
even fans of ismail merchants work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
the film s crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
its all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and its all about the silences and if youre into that  have at it .
hey arnold  is now stretched to barely feature length  with a little more attention paid to the animation  still  the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartletts story is appealing .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination .
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone whos fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique directors previous films .
a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart .
a sexy  surprising romance    idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair    their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
its kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
cuarón has created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
an oldfashioned scary movie  one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed .
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomachchurning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
quite frankly  i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
its another retelling of alexandre dumas classic  why  who knows  but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
welles groupiescholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it  but he s finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
theres an energy to y tu mamá también  much of it comes from the brave  uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
a vivid  thoughtful  unapologetically raw comingofage tale full of sex  drugs and rock n roll .
covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gutbusting laughs  its digs at modern society are all things we ve seen before .
contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing  robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
this is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
this dubious product of a collegespawned  colgate u   comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
with this masterful  flawless film  wang emerges in the front ranks of chinas now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
the films needlessly opaque intro takes its doeeyed crudup out of pre911 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
gaunt  silverhaired and leonine  lrb harris rrb brings a tragic dimension and savage fullbodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering youll wonder if lopezs publicist should share screenwriting credit .
does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
this lowrent  and even lowerwit  ripoff of the farrelly brothers oeuvre gets way too mushy  and in a relatively short amount of time .
taken outside the context of the current political climate  see  terrorists are more evil than ever    the sum of all fears is simply a wellmade and satisfying thriller .
feels haphazard  as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture  it too is a bomb .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is  given its labor day weekend upload  feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
its as close as well ever come to looking through a photographers viewfinder as he works .
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director  it doesnt make for completely empty entertainment .
bartletts hero remains a reactive cipher  when opening the mans head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
bad  is the operative word for  bad company   and i dont mean that in a good way .
is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but it s definitely worth taking a look .
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation  its threehour running time plays closer to two .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence  and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
a latenight cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chins film serves up with style and empathy .
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people  manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantinos handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
a sensitive and expertly acted crowdpleaser that isnt above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
what can one say about a balding 50yearold actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log .
the years greatest adventure  and jacksons limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head  but he knows how to pose madonna .
dont wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you dont have kids borrow some .
i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not .
the delicious trimmings…arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute…with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankinds liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
it showcases carveys talent for voices  but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of ones patience to get to the good stuff .
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
a teasing drama whose relentless gooddeedbaddeed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting  less symmetrical  less obviously crossshaped creation .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte .
i know i shouldnt have laughed  but hey  those farts got to my inner nineyearold .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
in the end  ted bundys only justification is the directors common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac  theres no larger point  and little social context .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle  sex with strangers is a success .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved  and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry  but the film conjures the magic of author j  k  rowlings books .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment  still  it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
at its best  which occurs often  michael moore s bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the  are we a sick society .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town  with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters  this is a comingofage story with a twist .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie s servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
the reason to see  sade  lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis  auteil  and emilie  le besco .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for  or worth rooting against  for that matter .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers  apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
the power of shanghai ghetto  a documentary by dana janklowiczmann and amir mann  rests in the voices of men and women  now in their 70s  who lived there in the 1940s .
its mildly entertaining  especially if you find comfort in familiarity  but its hardly a necessary enterprise .
as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
beers  who  when shes given the right lines  can charm the paint off the wall    but the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for  but how it washed out despite all of that is the projects prime mystery .
if you open yourself up to mr  reggios theory of this imagery as the movies set    it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
lan yu is at times too restrained  yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
while scorsese s bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic  the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
i ll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this hightech age  speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
at first  the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious  but as the film goes on  the joke wears thin .
heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high  even as the strafings blend together .
a superbly acted and funnygritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter  but the couples exposing themselves are nt all that interesting .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops  but theres not enough to the story to fill two hours .
its mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters  hitandmiss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them  but olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
each scene wreaks of routine  the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
siegel and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artists work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
the characters    are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movies conception of a futureworld holographic librarian  orlando jones  who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the alltoofamiliar saga of the contemporary single woman .
on a certain base level  blue crush delivers what it promises  just not well enough to recommend it .
there s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
it s light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness  and there are moments of jawdroppingly odd behavior .
s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms  bullocks best work in some time .
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches  it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel  her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom — handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and .
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
is an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the films appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
there are many definitions of  time waster  but this movie must surely be one of them .
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucereyed  downycheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the films tart  sugarfree wit .
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor s preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
the film s hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone whos seen george roy hills 1973 film   the sting .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect  lovehate relationship .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
ao sair do cinema  eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que  para mim  a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour  though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
an incoherent jumble of a film thats rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
theres not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as youre wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which were told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
this tale has been told and retold  the races and rackets change  but the song remains the same .
lrb scherfig rrb has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
grant goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
a sexy  surprising romance  idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still .
if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
windtalkers blows this way and that  but theres no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass  true to himself .
strip it of all its excess debris  and youd have a 90minute  fourstar movie  as it is  its too long and unfocused .
saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary  naturalistic tone of the film .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
hatosy  portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory  with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
what one is left with  even after the most awful acts are committed  is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end .
lapaglias ability to convey grief and hope works with weavers sensitive reactions to make this a twoactor master class .
rrb matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though it s one of the most plain white toast comic book films .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream .
victor rosa is leguizamos best movie work so far  a subtle and richly internalized performance .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
stands as one of the years most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
más sarcástica  divertida y demencial que su predecesora  es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q  archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces dont quite fit together .
big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss  rejection by ones mother .
is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
if this is the danish idea of a good time  prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination  some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war  perhaps .
the movie is for fans who cant stop loving anime  and the fanatical excess built into it .
it made me feel unclean  and im the guy who liked theres something about mary and both american pie movies  oh  and booty call .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
his nelsons screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio  complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyers ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that does nt and a thriller that wo nt .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast isnt the least bit mesmerizing .
its a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis nothing novel  in the end  his rules is barely worth following .
you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
its a brilliant  honest performance by nicholson  but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up  bravado kathy .
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises  read my lips is an original  this is a story of two misfits who dont stand a chance alone  but together they are magnificent .
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
if  lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding .
its not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe    but its far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
young everlyn sampi  as the courageous molly craig  simply radiates starpower potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
the plots clearly mythic structure may owe more to disneys strong sense of formula than to the original story  but while the highly predictable narrative falls short  treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors  like them  it eventually culminates in the notexactly stunning insight that crime doesnt pay .
sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenres most enabling victim    and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
a  black austin powers   i prefer to think of it as  pootie tang with a budget   sa da tay .
in xxx  diesel is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
whats most striking about this largely celebratory film    is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy  auto focus becomes both gutbustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
a hugely rewarding experience thats every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grants two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget joness diary .
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
there are cheesy backdrops  ridiculous action sequences  and many tired jokes about men in heels .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies that s so bad it starts to become good .
a pretty funny movie  with most of the humor coming  as before  from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
fred schepisis film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen  with a cast of alist brit actors  it is worth searching out .
conceptually brilliant    plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
even though the film doesnt manage to hit all of its marks  its still entertaining to watch the target practice .
clint eastwood s blood work is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel its based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
emerges as something rare  an issue movie thats so honest and keenly observed that it doesnt feel like one .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it  the project should have been made for the tube .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite  its far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a clicheriddled but selfserious spy thriller .
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
mr soderbergh s direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that didnt sell many records but helped change a nation .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge  before long  youre desperate for the evening to end .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
butterfingered is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies  and he gives none to the audience .
a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
has made the nearfatal mistake of being what the english call  too clever by half .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but director dj caruso s grimy visual veneer and kilmer s absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
at some point  all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy  vaguely silly overkill .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
what is captured during the conceptual process doesnt add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work  the selection  became in its final form .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label  proving that one mans ruin may be anothers fortune .
blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderberghs solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
this may be dover kosashvili s feature directing debut  but it looks an awful lot like life  gritty  awkward and ironic .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenloopers approach to the material is too upbeat .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and you ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio  as for children  they wont enjoy the movie at all .
while benigni  who stars and cowrote  seems to be having a wonderful time  he might be alone in that .
this ecologically minded  wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family .
does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks  and the color palette  with lots of somber blues and pinks  is dreamy and evocative .
usurp the preaching message so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
while american adobo has its heart  and its palate  in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
a wellintentioned effort that s still too burdened by the actor s offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
a mix of gritty realism  crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old  would have a good time here .
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
katzs documentary doesnt have much panache  but with material this rich it doesnt need it .
amid the shock and curiosity factors  the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
the movie is virtually without context  journalistic or historical  whats worse is that pelosi knows it .
m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes  eyefilling  widescreen production design and joans wacky decision to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that hes a disloyal satyr .
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
a soulstirring documentary about the israelipalestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
one of the most original american productions this year  youll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  lrb franco rrb has all of dean s mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
there is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
thanks to the châteaus balance of whimsicality  narrative discipline and serious improvisation  almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was  but heck – few filmmakers will  but based on cq  ill certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
being unique does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
passable entertainment  but its the kind of motion picture that wont make much of a splash when its released  and will not be remembered long afterwards .
is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
swimfan  like fatal attraction  eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
dogtown and zboys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become  the punk kids revolution .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
has no reason to exist  other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
a bigbudgetallstar movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity  and an event .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored  cheering the pratfalls but little else  their parents  wise folks that they are  read books .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancys holes  and the scripters dont deserve any oscars  but the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
s so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days  but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
the film is an enjoyable family film  pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence  this scarlets letter is a    as in aimless  arduous  and arbitrary .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start  and  refreshingly  stays that way .
it s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that it s based on true events .
in both the writing and cutting  it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you  you end up simply admiring this bit or that  this performance or that .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story thats shapeless and uninflected .
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular  its an eyeopener .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that dont really care for the candidate theyre forced to follow .
may have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
though it is by no means his best work  laissezpasser is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bonafide master  a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
the town has kind of an authentic feel  but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
while there are times when the film s reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it does nt .
the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissingers record into question and explain how the diplomats tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
once the true impact of the day unfolds  the power of this movie is undeniable .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
though the film never veers from its comic course  its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
ive heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one  i wonder why  they felt like the same movie to me .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and i know this because i ve seen  jackass  the movie .
is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
dont expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai s villainous father to the endless action sequences .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the films present with the playful paranoia of the films past .
when de palmas bad  hes really bad  and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
rain is a small treasure  enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy .
further proof that the epicenter of cool  beautiful  thoughtprovoking foreign cinema is smackdab in the middle of dubyas axis of evil .
not only are the film s sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
its a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
though frodos quest remains unfulfilled  a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
though the controversial korean filmmakers latest effort is not for all tastes  it offers gorgeous imagery  effective performances  and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
australia  land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
youd have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
should have gone straight to video  it looks like an action movie  but its so poorly made  on all levels  that it doesnt even qualify as a spoof of such .
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
possession is in the end an honorable  interesting failure  it falls far short of poetry  but its not bad prose .
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
thanks to scotts charismatic roger and eisenbergs sweet nephew  roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre .
lrb taymor rrb utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
been there  done that  liked it much better the first time around  when it was called the professional .
however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy  there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and selfdelusion of this most american of businesses .
dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
light the candles  bring out the cake and do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl  it s simply  and surprisingly  a nice  light treat .
its a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzels closely watched trains and danis tanovics no mans land .
like its predecessor  its no classic  but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
it is nt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedman s similarly updated 1970 british production .
the appearance of treebeard and gollums expanded role will either have you loving what youre seeing  or rolling your eyes  i loved it  gollums performance is incredible .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen  it never is  not fully .
it is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm    the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
those of you who dont believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original  well  this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
creates a film of nearhypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heartbreakingly extensive annals of whiteonblack racism .
it s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
its got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
yes they can swim  the title is merely annesophie birots offhanded way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
in the second half of the film  freis control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for selfanalysis .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational  and .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
maybe its asking too much  but if a movie is truly going to inspire me  i want a little more than this .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and then  without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwai s vaunted empathy .
that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
a sensitive  modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth  there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer  just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful .
take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
the filmmaker ascends  literally  to the olympus of the art world  but he would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
an interesting story with a pertinent  cinematically unique  message  told fairly well and scored to perfection  i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive  missing thing .
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion  you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director  one would hope for the best .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of…emotional recovery .
bondinspired  certainly  likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise  lets hope not .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonna s cameo does nt suck .
worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmers economical antidote to the bloated costume drama .
all the movies narrative gymnastics cant disguise the fact that its inauthentic at its core and that its story just isnt worth telling .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us  this is not a classical dramatic animated feature  nor a hip  contemporary  injokey one  its sort of inbetween  and it works .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage  then esthers story is a compelling quest for truth .
viewers of  the ring  are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
for a story set at sea  ghost ship is pretty landbound  with its leaden acting  dull exposition and telegraphed  surprises .
the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements  in terms of love  age  gender  race  and class .
when not obscured by the booming bassheavy soundtrack  the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy grays game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
in the real world  an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like  girl in bar 3 .
imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
a firstclass  thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire  beloved genres  the prison flick and the fight film .
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
its maker  steven spielberg  hasnt had so much fun in two decades  since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
it s an interesting effort lrb particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts rrb  and barry s coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
nakata s technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows  but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances  no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
this is a very funny  heartwarming film  it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
the film suffers from a lack of humor  something needed to balance out the violence .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that doesnt and a thriller that wont .
s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
van wilder doesnt bring anything new to the proverbial table  but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crassathons like tomcats  freddy got fingered  and slackers .
s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
its both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
the lady and the duke is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats perspective .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
feature debuter d  j  caruso directs a crack ensemble cast  bringing screenwriter tony gaytons narcotics noir to life .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books  its in the action scenes that things fall apart .
mixes likeable personalities  inventive photography and cutting  and walltowall toetapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating  silly  perverse  hopeful and always fun .
of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
stealing harvard does nt care about cleverness  wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction  and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow  selfish  greedy characters .
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it .
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
moves beyond the original s nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema s inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter s invention .
recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
has something to say    but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
lacking gravitas  macdowell is a placeholder for grief  and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel  leave these flowers unpicked  theyre dead on the vine .
authentic  and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again  who says he has to .
si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama  tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales .
there s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it werent .
the film is saved from are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title    amounts to surprisingly little .
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom .
ver wiels desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
from blushing to gushing  imamura squirts the screen in  warm water under a red bridge .
one thing s for sure  if george romero had directed this movie  it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
by and large this is mr kilmer s movie  and it s his strongest performance since the doors .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinskys diaries .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences    and its all the stronger because of it .
the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
sum  is jack ryans  doover   give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works  especially give credit to affleck .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
s something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but  with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling   interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking  the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey .
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well    but quite frankly  scoob and shag dont eat enough during the film .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie s presentation  which is way too stagy .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego doesnt always go hand in hand with talent .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker  unique in its deceptive grimness  compelling in its fatalist worldview .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns  sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
when not wallowing in its characters  frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught  theres much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls cant swim .
henry beans thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it he s well worth spending some time with .
stupid  infantile  redundant  sloppy  overthetop  and amateurish  yep  its  waking up in reno   go back to sleep .
bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what s left of his passe  chopsocky glory .
its a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
although bright  wellacted and thoughtprovoking  tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs  woo  it looks like woos a p  o  w .
the movie  like bartleby  is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment  the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
a plotline thats as lumpy as twoday old porridge    the filmmakers paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
whereas oliver stone s conspiracy thriller jfk was long  intricate  starstudded and visually flashy  interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
the photographers showdonttell stance is admirable  but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
despite the predictable parent vs child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
pretend its a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away  its fun  but its a real howler .
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films  but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
taken outside the context of the current political climate lrb see  terrorists are more evil than ever  rrb .
their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
this is such a highenergy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent  who cares if the storys a little weak .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic  this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
adaptations success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
an unpredictable blend of galpal smart talk  romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writerdirector john mckay can swallow .
director brian levant  who never strays far from his sitcom roots  skates blithely from one implausible situation to another  pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than youll find on a french poodle .
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters  striving solipsism .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever  it just seems like it does  my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
a firstclass road movie that proves you can run away from home  but your ego .
is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l  a  to that end  they mock the kind of folks they dont understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers dont care to understand  either .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip  young adult entertainment .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man lost in its midst .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
the creative animation work may not look as fully rendered as pixars industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words do nt really do the era justice .
there are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
a charming  banterfilled comedy    one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
taymor utilizes the idea of making kahlos art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work  this isnt a new idea  its been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if you re going to alter the bard s ending  you d better have a good alternative .
stephen rea  aidan quinn  and alan bates play desmonds legal eagles  and when joined by brosnan  the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing  tis .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
in the new release of cinema paradiso  the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
be found in sara sugarman s whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
a summary of the plot does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
the actors dont inhabit their roles  theyre trapped by them  forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
this movie  a certain scene in particular  brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
theres something deeply creepy about never again  a new arrow in schaeffers quiver of ineptitudes .
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
even with its 50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
a standard policeoriented drama that  were it not for de niros participation  would have likely wound up a tnt original .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
boyds screenplay  cowritten with guardian hack nick davies  has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness  but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining  selfaggrandizing  politically motivated documentarymaking  and hes got as potent a topic as ever here .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidis life  only a depiction of pain  todays version of greek tragedy  the talkshow guest decrying her fate .
just one more collection of penis  breast and flatulence gags in search of a story  or a profit  or some damn thing .
more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
many a parent and their teen lrb or preteen rrb kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
ana is a vivid  vibrant individual and the movies focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie  but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
its story may be a thousand years old  but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us .
woody allen has really found his groove these days  the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
a meatier deeper beginning andor ending would have easily tipped this film into the  a  range  as is  its a very very strong  b   i love the robust middle of this picture .
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable  even at its worst  its not halfbad .
this is an exercise in chilling style  and twohy films the sub  inside and out  with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
dont let the subtitles fool you  the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
brian tufanos handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowskys excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
a blair witch style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos  but there are no movies of nijinsky  so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
the story  like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
this film is full of rabbits  brimful  but like most rabbits  it seems to lack substance .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people  but it is set in a world that is very  very far from the one most of us inhabit .
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness  with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
it looks like an action movie  but it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love  history  memory  resistance and artistic transcendence .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore  youll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
but a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications  that have no bearing on the story .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
if hill isnt quite his generations don siegel  or robert aldrich   its because theres no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair  its all bluster and cliché .
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
it s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
i have a confession to make  i didnt particularly like e  t  the first time i saw it as a young boy  that is because  damn it   i also wanted a little alien as a friend .
the lowbudget full frontal was one of the years murkiest  intentionally obscure and selfindulgent pictures  and solaris is its bigbudget brother .
s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
post 911 the philosophical message of  personal freedom first  might not be as palatable as intended .
which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
spielbergs picture is smarter and subtler than total recall and blade runner  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the film s appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
juliette binoche s sand is vivacious  but it s hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you ve been sitting still .
once again  director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the inevitable double  and triplecrosses arise  but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
it s a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but its a heck of a ride  samuel l  jackson is one of the best actors there is .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out whos who in this pretentious mess .
hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
though everything might be literate and smart  it never took off and always seemed static .
at the very least  if you dont know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater  you wont know much more when you leave .
realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorsese s 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
et remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
what s surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
nair just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness  a state experienced by millions around the globe .
even horror fans will most likely not find what theyre seeking with trouble every day  the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line .
takes care with the characters  who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
the movie is  very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
a brutal and funny work  nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy doesnt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets lrb scifi rrb rehash .
while certain cues  like the happy music  suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts  jeonghyang lees film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
he s one of the few  cool  actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film s problems .
the superior plotline isnt quite enough to drag along the dead  water  weight of the other .
i just saw this movie    well  its probably not accurate to call it a movie .
the original wasnt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
about as enjoyable  i would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
a onetrick pony whose few ta bits still cant save itself from being unoriginal  unfunny and unrecommendable .
whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
ongs promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrants experiences in new york city .
a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
this insightful  oscarnominated documentary  in which children on both sides of the everescalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes  gives peace yet another chance .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
contrived  awkward and filled with unintended laughs  the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical  bedknobs and broomsticks   which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
two hours fly by  operas a pleasure when you dont have to endure intermissions  and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
nonjudgmentally as wiseman s previous studies of innercity high schools  hospitals  courts and welfare centers .
conrad l hall s cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  there s something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i wouldnt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
while the film is competent  it s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing  but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet ones appetite for the bollywood films .
suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
it will come as no surprise that the movie isnt scary  but heres the real damn  it isnt funny  either .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
davis    is so enamored of her own creation that she cant see how insufferable the character is .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
like a can of 2day old coke  you can taste it  but theres no fizz .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form  but far too clunky  didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
the jokes are sophomoric  stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise  it does give you a peek  the main problem being that its only a peek .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
ferrera has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
much of the movie s charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
with little visible talent and no energy  colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the films action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where it s supposed to feel funny and light .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
the master of disguise is funnynot  ha ha  funny   dead circus performer  funny  and for all the wrong reasons besides .
likable  but just as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
it s not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least it s better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly executed idea .
it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line .
take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
a heady  biting  bebop ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which hell go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
think you ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
it excels because  unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk  it offers hope .
he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
it seems just a long  convoluted ploy to get men into drag  period drag  no less .
delivers the same old same old  tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
for those of an indulgent  slightly sunbaked and summery mind  sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we havent seen 10  000 times .
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
a 93minute condensation of a 26episode tv series  with all of the pitfalls of such youd expect .
for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
about one in three gags in white s intermittently wise script hits its mark  the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teenexploitation playbook .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and it s neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs .
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
it s not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  i d say the film works .
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection  scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material .
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall  also a producer  peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all  nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
lrb danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which peoples lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances .
unlike trey parker  sandler doesnt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie  but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
do nt wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
the first mistake  i suspect  is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student  where s pauly shore as the rocket scientist .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers .
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales  villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker .
egoyans movie is too complicated to sustain involvement  and  if youll excuse a little critical heresy  too intellectually ambitious .
be patient with the lovely hush  and your reward will be a thoughtful  emotional movie experience .
as crimes go  writerdirector michael kalesnikos how to kill your neighbors dog is slight but unendurable .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the alltime great apocalypse movies .
its a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it isnt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
remains a solid  if somewhat heavyhanded  account of the neardisaster    done up by howard with a steady  if not very imaginative  hand .
lrb evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
now here s a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
any one episode of the sopranos would send this illconceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism  heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it does nt .
a liveaction cartoon  a fastmoving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people  the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk  with little to show for their labor  living harmoniously  joined in song .
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film  but his words and images dont have to add up to mesmerize you .
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives  as your relatives swap one mundane story after another  you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
de niro    is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920s    the films ending has a  what was it all for   feeling to it  but like the 1920s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  its a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it s like on the other side of the bra .
freundlich s world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
something has been lost in the translation    another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
it s a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
davis candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey  alas  its the man that makes the clothes .
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
the movie s biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
it comes off as so silly that you wouldnt be surprised if ba  murdock and rest of the ateam were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
im all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it doesnt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
for the first time in several years  mr  allen has surpassed himself with the magic hes spun with the hollywood empress of ms  leonis ellie .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and its really well directed .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker  but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers  one the public rarely sees .
in the end  the film is less the cheap thriller youd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
the best movie of its kind since brazil   lucas  take notes  this is how you use special effects .
hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
the premise is in extremely bad taste  and the films supposed insights are so poorly thoughtout and substancefree that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
there ought to be a directing license  so that ed burns can have his revoked .
steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
working from elliotts memoir  rohmer fashions the sort of delicate  articulate character and relationship study hes favored for decades .
is duly impressive in imax dimensions  as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside  and .
can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
simone is not a bad film  it just doesnt have anything really interesting to say .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that its as if it all happened only yesterday .
feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
arliss howard s ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor  bittersweet pathos  and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the film s midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set .
almost everything about the film is unsettling  from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lais villainous father to the endless action sequences .
created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but it s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
its crap on a leashfar too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dantes similarly styled gremlins .
it s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
narc is a nobull throwback to 1970s action films  it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium .
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
in his latest effort  storytelling  solondz has finally made a movie that isnt just offensive  it also happens to be good .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody  but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  its hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagals character    performs is shot from behind  as if it could fool us into thinking that were not watching a double .
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres .
the level of maturity displayed by this 33yearold firsttime feature director is astonishing  considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think its a tougher picture than it is .
eileen walsh  an engaging  wideeyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth  infuses the movie with much of its slender  glinting charm .
i walked away from this new version of e  t  just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
by the time we learn that andrews turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardts coven  we can enjoy it anyway .
also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
it treats anas journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
sweet home alabama isnt going to win any academy awards  but this datenight diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor  and when it does elect to head off in its own direction  it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
lrb haneke rrb steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize  and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
i spied with my little eye    a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
together  tok and o orchestrate a buoyant  darkly funny dance of death  in the process  they demonstrate that theres still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
whether it s the worst movie of 2002  i ca nt say for sure  memories of rollerball have faded  and i skipped country bears .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback  but unlike many revenge fantasies  it ultimately delivers .
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering    may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending .
ratliff s two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations .
that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen  unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
the film has too many spots where its on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one thats especially fit for the kiddies .
s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
its so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget joness diary .
melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community  the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
a tough go  but leighs depth and rigor  and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness  offsets to a notable degree the films oftenmined and despairing milieu .
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china s sixth generation of film makers .
mr  deeds  is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across americas winter movie screens its a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
but mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that does nt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it s only a movie .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrences latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2  500 screens while something of bubba hoteps clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
and as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
this flat run at a hiphop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
over the years  hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
it wont be long before youll spy i spy at a video store near you .
other than a mildly engaging central romance  hospital is sickly entertainment at best and minddestroying cinematic pollution at worst .
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and .
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20thcentury footnotes .
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening  and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10  the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
a crude teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
s enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral  schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
the movie s progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase  fatal script error .
it s clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
spend  9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
reggios trippy  ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself  namely  an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion  there is precious little of either .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
a reasonably efficient mechanism  but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
whatever the movies sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at  listen to  and think about  it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
by the time its done with us  mira nairs new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery  of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
while much of the cast has charm  especially allodi and nolden  the performers are sunk by the films primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
jeonghyang lee s film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed .
the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory  and in spite of numerous minor flaws  scorseses best in more than a decade .
a splendid entertainment  young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
no  i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and .
in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
the story passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
s no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
it s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems  but the field of roughage dominates .
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time  the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that doesnt make much sense even on its own terms .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many outsized  out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
an intelligent  earnest  intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure youre getting its metaphysical point .
they presume their audience wo nt sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so .
impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
there s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
it s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman and a onenight swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
little to elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and .
it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships  food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
the whole is quite entertaining  but despite its virtues  there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative  of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
i suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
sex ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler  but never mind all that  the boobs are fantasti .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers  its exploitive without being insightful .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version  this is a shameless sham  calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie  but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception  it marks the outstanding feature debut of writerdirector eric byler  who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
maggie smith as the yaya member with the o2tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass  then gasp for gas  verbal deportment .
the great pity is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
if you saw benigni s pinocchio at a public park  you d grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
it s hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina s could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper  and better  than pink floyd tickets .
its hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
the pianist is a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of wars madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life  here is a divine monument to a single mans struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palmas addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
there is no substitute for onscreen chemistry  and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia  the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
after the first 10 minutes  which is worth seeing  the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés  depression and bad alternative music .
while i cant say its on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year  if youre not deeply touched by this movie  check your pulse .
are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film s production design .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
marshall keeps the energy humming  and his edits  unlike those in moulin rouge  are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
at a time when half the socalled real movies are little more than liveaction cartoons  its refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is  and knows the forms history .
it s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
the film is beautifully mounted  but  more to the point  the issues are subtly presented  managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joans madness .
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple — hes understated and sardonic  shes appealingly manic and energetic  both deserve better .
mr wollter and ms seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
the rare movie that s as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it s based .
wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  it s about a very human one .
meandering  subaquatic mess  its so bad its good  but only if you slide in on a freebie .
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group    and never fails to entertain .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for .
have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but it is a respectable sequel .
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for  though lovers of the book may wonder why its necessary .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy .
this oftenhilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its highminded appeal .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes  but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca  roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi  and ruggero as the villainous  lecherous police chief scarpia  all sing beautifully and act adequately .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it doesnt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wildes wit and the actors performances .
this movie is something of an impostor itself  stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
a fascinating  dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movies wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmakers flailing reputation .
it s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
it s not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe  but it s far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
cheapo animation lrb like saturday morning tv in the 60s rrb  a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations  the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie  its too bad that the rest isnt more compelling .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing  the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i did nt care .
theyre just a couple of cops in copmovieland  these two  but in narc  they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clearcut hero and no allout villain .
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
rapidly develops into a gutwrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make  and the trios absorbing narrative is a heartwrenching showcase indeed .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms    is a nonstop hoot .
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care  but .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are  generally speaking  adored by the moviegoing public  khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
a movie that will surely be profane  politically charged music to the ears of cho s fans .
schneider s mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isnt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors  this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
it s bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
the skills of a calculus major at m  i  t  are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
give shapiro  goldman  and bolado credit for good intentions  but theres nothing here that they couldnt have done in half an hour .
without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character  an almost reallive girl complete with trouble and hope .
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
like the films almost anthropologically detailed realization of early80s suburbia  its significant without being overstated .
neil burger here succeeded in  making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude  calculated to provoke shocked laughter  without following up on a deeper level .
it s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
opens at a funeral  ends on the protagonists death bed and doesnt get much livelier in the three hours in between .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated  depending upon where you live   ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
its hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wo nt win many fans over the age of 12 .
the films highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
mr  polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
the story is predictable  the jokes are typical sandler fare  and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage  the kind of intimate and characterdriven film that bille august does best .
narc may not get an a for originality  but it wears its bmovie heritage like a badge of honor .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue  but theres just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
the fourth  pokemon  is a diverting  if predictable  adventure suitable for a matinee  with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world s delicate ecological balance .
the emperors new clothes  begins with a simple plan     well  at least thats the plan .
standing by yourself is haunting    its what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting  circuit is the awkwardly paced soap operaish story .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i m not sure could be a single iota worse  a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc   without the latters imagination  visual charm or texture .
paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout    by which time its impossible to care who wins .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i would nt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america s winter movie screens it s a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
by not averting his eyes  solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable  the unacceptable  the unmentionable .
a simple  sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting  but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction  impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
swimfan falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
it s nice to see piscopo again after all these years  and chaykin and headly are priceless .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
legendary irish writer brendan behans memoir  borstal boy  has been given a loving screen transferral .
lrb denis  rrb barebones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a 70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but its pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus  accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
so beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
very much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment  its more like entertainment for trolls .
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world  gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share  surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling weve shared a great adventure .
lrb ferrera rrb has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
in the long  dishonorable history of quickie teenpop exploitation  like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
lets hope  shall we   that the true story by which all the queens men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than whats been cobbled together onscreen .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film s successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
theres no point in extracting the bare bones of byatts plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
if this disposable tissue has one wild card  its john turturro  whos simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
the movie is    very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
theres not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be  frank mcklusky c  i  is that movie .
been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
it doesnt do the original any particular dishonor  but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalkandslash fare  where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
its hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right theres at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem  there s a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
like a grinning jack o  lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
there are nt many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama  suspense  revenge  and romance .
ong s promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrant s experiences in new york city .
lawrence should stick to his day job  hes a better actor than a standup comedian .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society  might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
i wish i could say  thank god its friday   but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character  is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
wonders  enhancing the cultural and economic subtext  bringing richer meaning to the story s morals .
white oleander   the movie  is akin to a readers digest condensed version of the source material .
at no point during k19  the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopez s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms bullock s best work in some time .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie .
if mr  zhangs subject matter is  to some degree at least  quintessentially american  his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
despite its oldhat setup and predictable plot  empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity  a movie without an apparent audience .
of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasach  ke burstein and his family .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib  but recycles the same premise .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching  gives a human face to what s often discussed in purely abstract terms .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
others  more attuned to the anarchist maxim that the urge to destroy is also a creative urge  or more willing to see with their own eyes  will find morrisons iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor  verve and fun .
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
just did nt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie  tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
it s got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it did nt entirely grab me  but .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa s emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
the tale of her passionate  tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand s masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
it helps that lil bow wow    tones down his pintsized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo  windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and  along the way  expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
while we no longer possess the lackofattention span that we did at seventeen  we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
its as if a bored cage spent the duration of the films shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
the video work is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being naturalistic rather than carefully lit and set up  that its exhausting to watch .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities  certainly raises the film above anything sandler s been attached to before .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperors club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies .
weve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the worlds greatest teacher .
karmen moves like rhythm itself  her lips chanting to the beat  her long  braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
a pintsized  goodfellas  designed to appeal to the younger set  it s not a very good movie in any objective sense .
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably wouldnt be too crazy with his greatgrandsons movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say  jane campion might have done  but at least it possesses some .
the tuxedo was nt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it   hungryman portions of bad .
despite its many infuriating flaws  not the least of which is amys selfabsorbed personality  amys os honesty will win you over .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them .
form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
theres no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
plodding  poorly written  murky and weakly acted  the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
it s about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
in a big corner office in hell  satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
once again  the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated  and a meaty plot and welldeveloped characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
the strippeddown dramatic constructs  austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics  obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
yes  ballistic is silly  unfortunately  its not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
what  blade runner  would ve looked like as a lowbudget series on a uhf channel .
as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
lrb reno rrb delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
its bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past  really is nt .
the movie itself is far from disappointing  offering an original take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horroraction hybrid .
never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man s quest to find an old flame .
jaeeun jeong s take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
the one thing this wild film has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
browns saga  like many before his  makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
if lrb jaglom s rrb latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
a playful iranian parable about openness  particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc s drug scene .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
each punch seen through prison bars  the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs  man as brotherman vs  the man .
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
if the films vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying  its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
fred schepisi s film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema  another great ‘what you dont see is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller  coupled with some arresting effects  incandescent tones and stupendous performances .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
martin and barbara are complex characters  sometimes tender  sometimes angry  and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
this is for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
dying a slow death  if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
a thriller whose style  structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story  you cannot separate them .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
zellweger s whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  it s informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
i liked about schmidt a lot  but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
starts slowly  but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the films conclusion powerful and satisfying .
as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
whats next  rob schneider  dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story  david spade as citizen kane .
the message of such reflectionsintentional or notis that while no art grows from a vacuum  many artists exist in one .
that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
this sensitive  smart  savvy  compelling comingofage drama delves into the passiveaggressive psychology of codependence and the struggle for selfesteem .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i .
makes maryam  in the end  play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an afterschool special .
even if you do nt know the band or the album s songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and .
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack  or the home video of the 1992 malfitanodomingo production .
a cellophanepop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen  the fabulous stains    crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm  its only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
opening with some contrived banter  cliches and some loose ends  the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
it s not going to be everyone s bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting  wooden performances  ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
overcomes the script s flaws and envelops the audience in his character s anguish  anger and frustration .
the weight of the piece  the unerring professionalism of the chilly production  and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
s a gag that s worn a bit thin over the years  though do nt ask still finds a few chuckles .
that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
the camera whirls  the camera twirls  oh  look at that clever angle  wow  a jump cut .
manages to please its intended audience  children  without placing their parents in a comalike state .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema .
can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject .
dogtown  zboys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rocks fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
unlike lrb scorsese s mean streets rrb  ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
ash wednesday is not edward burns  best film  but it is a good and ambitious film .
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that its not clear whether were supposed to shriek or laugh .
its well of thorn and vinegar  and simple humanity  has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
dazzling in its complexity  disturbing for its extraordinary themes  the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation  it haunts  horrifies  startles and fascinates  it is impossible to look away  ah yes  and then theres the music .
may not be as cutting  as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process .
what we have here is nt a disaster  exactly  but a very handsomely produced letdown .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
its overreliance on genre conventions  character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when youre a struggling nobody .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i ve seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and that s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
a tone of rueful compassion    reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
divertida  enternecedora  universal y profundamente sincera  es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo  una verdadera delicia .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but it is .
as expected  sayles smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever  though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely  but with restraint  is a treat .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise  but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study thats short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
though the film is static  its writerdirectors heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
overthetop and a bit ostentatious  this is a movie thats got oodles of style and substance .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcomcute  its full of throwaway oneliners  notquite jokes  and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
a girls gone wild video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation isnt a definitive countercultural document  its makers arent removed and inquisitive enough for that .
theres plenty of style in guillermo del toros sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply cant sustain more than 90 minutes .
a powerful  inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith  and about hatred that offers no easy  comfortable resolution .
the unexpected thing is that its dying  in this shower of blackandwhite psychedelia  is quite beautiful .
that storytelling has value cannot be denied  not even solondzs thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
you ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
et works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
the vintage is pure 87  with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message  fatal attraction  dont have an affair with a nutjob  unfaithful  dont if youre married to one .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot  moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr  deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less thanlikely new york celebrities    certainly raises the film above anything sandlers been attached to before .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm  and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape  a james bond series for kids .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation  how about surprising us by trying something new .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but .
the action is reasonably welldone    yet story  character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that theyd need a shower .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay  the glacierpaced direction and the stereotypical characters .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wont fly with most intelligent viewers .
though it never rises to its full potential as a film  still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
an offbeat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
the actors are fantastic  they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
a mature  deeply felt fantasy of a director s travel through 300 years of russian history .
while howard s appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
the good thing  the only good thing  about extreme ops is that its so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made  but .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in mortons everwatchful gaze  and its a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
the byplay and bickering between the now spysavvy siblings  carmen  vega  and juni  sabara  cortez  anchor the film in a very real and amusing giveandtake .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro  could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny  the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
who is this movie for  not kids  who dont need the lesson in repugnance  its also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are edgy .
it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story  and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
lrb it s rrb a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
it s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrook s foundation and dalrymple s film earn their uplift .
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  it s insanely violent and very graphic .
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material  and he cant help throwing in a few of his own touches .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
even though it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
if you re not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
death to smoochy is often very funny  but whats even more remarkable is the integrity of devitos misanthropic vision .
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally  one so unconventional  gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
young hanks and fisk  who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents  bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
some actors have so much charisma that youd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book  hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the adventure doesnt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
enjoyably dumb  sweet  and intermittently hilarious  if youve a taste for the quirky  steal a glimpse .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
best seen as speculative history  as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but .
its hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when youve seen the remake first  many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity  yet are worthwhile .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his sons home after decades away .
will have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gorefree allusions to the serial murders  but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
its enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japans wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
it s the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests its impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
from the opening strains of the average white bands  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
lástima por schwarzenegger  pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of ones actions .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greene s prose .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
its a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
the modernday royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals  its only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
there arent many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs  the big guys .
of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it s nowhere near as exciting as either .
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama  but it doesnt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for  and misses .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the eras creme de la celluloid .
arnolds jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
is overlong and not wellacted  but credit writerproducerdirector adam watstein with finishing it at all .
to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
godard uses his characters  if that s not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man .
its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
klein  charming in comedies like american pie and deadon in election  delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
not every animated film from disney will become a classic  but forgive me if ive come to expect more from this studio than some 79minute afterschool  cartoon .
lin chungs voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating  at least to this western ear   making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
ll laugh for not quite and hour and a half  but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
even fans of ismail merchant s work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
resident evil isnt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
farrell    thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to williss worldweary colonel .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but .
there s no way you wo nt be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
that it s almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
the animation is competent  and some of the gags are quite funny  but jonah    never shakes the oppressive  morally superior goodforyou quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
nelsons brutally unsentimental approach    sucks the humanity from the film  leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
moonlight mile does nt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
does nt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for lrb and misses rrb .
focuses on joans raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her  madness  so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and 9  50 on this 21st century torture device .
said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books  they ca nt go wrong .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
p  t  anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
just like the deli sandwich  lots of ham  lots of cheese  with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after  or during  consumption of its second half .
exploits headbanger stereotypes in good fun  while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
inside the films conflictpowered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out  but its not that  its the tension that keeps you in your seat  affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
this story of a determined womans courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
is depressing  ruthlessly pained and depraved  the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
on its own cinematic terms  it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle  but lets just say the ingredients dont quite add up to a meal .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a bad police shooting .
contrived plotting  stereotyped characters and woo s overthetop instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie s heart .
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters .
at once subtle and visceral  the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
a rare movie that makes us reassess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
with the dog days of august upon us  think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
efteriades gives the neighborhood  scenery  vibe and all  the cinematic equivalent of a big  tender hug .
even though we know the outcome  the seesawing of the generals fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
hardman is a grating  mannered onscreen presence  which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
more than anything else  kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre  which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you arent very bright  then blood work is for you .
theres more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
if youre in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  theres a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
time out is as serious as a pink slip  and more than that  its an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a worldclass fencer and the champion thats made a difference to nyc innercity youth .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one  but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen  just for them .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that its also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
its a cool event for the whole family  maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
the delicious trimmings  arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
ultimate x is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
chouraqui brings documentarylike credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of  ethnic cleansing .
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
the pace of the film is very slow lrb for obvious reasons rrb and that too becomes offputting .
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea isnt funny .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue  they still wouldnt add up to the time required to boil a four minute egg .
once again he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
return to never land is much more pc than the original version lrb no more racist portraits of indians  for instance rrb  but the excitement is missing .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kongs versatile stanley kwan .
as it stands  theres some fine sex onscreen  and some tense arguing  but not a whole lot more .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
mostly works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
nohes documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he isnt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
its hampered by a lifetimechannel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
this is a fragmented film  once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
lrb green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
releasing a film with the word dog in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
a special kind of movie  this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang s forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
and if you appreciate the onesided theme to lawrence s overindulgent tirade  then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he doesnt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films  the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
some people march to the beat of a different drum  and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in  this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
a gorgeously strange movie  heaven is deeply concerned with morality  but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
offers much to enjoy    and a lot to mull over in terms of love  loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
s a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
…an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
pan nalin s exposition is beautiful and mysterious  and the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye .
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but its nowhere near as exciting as either .
miyazaki s nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches is nt exactly endearing .
empire ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadnt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
the characters are nt interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens  but its still pretty tasty .
it is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
ive never seen or heard anything quite like this film  and i recommend it for its originality alone .
s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploe s misunderstanding of marivaux s rhythms  and mira sorvino s limitations as a classical actress .
building slowly and subtly  the film  sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations  develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
a plodding teen remake thats so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
with dirty deeds  david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph  as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
it s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmer s tribute to a courageous scottish lady .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nair s film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but .
s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
it s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
if the first men in black was money  the second is small change  but it still jingles in the pocket  its fun lite .
proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then  out of embarrassment or stupidity  not warning anyone .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping  questing look at a person so racked with selfloathing  he becomes an enemy to his own race .
is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
led by griffins smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm  the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isnt exactly kiddiefriendly… alas  santa is more hohum than hohoho and the snowman  who never gets to play that flute  has all the charm of a meltdown .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on americas kneejerk moral sanctimony  jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent    could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
theres some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood s comicbook adaptations .
captures the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and films had the ability to mesmerize  astonish and entertain .
a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
mesmerizing  an eyeopening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion  retreat into oblivion and return .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
workmanlike  maybe  but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great  scary times at the movies .
to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
see scratch for the music  see scratch for a lesson in scratching  but  most of all  see it for the passion .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale  and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
is that  even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
its stupidities wind up sticking in ones mind a lot more than the cool bits .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
an unholy mess  driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the backstory is a little tired .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
on guard   wont be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the worlds best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
a bold  and lovely  experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
cuts against this natural grain  producing a work that s more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
in his role of observer of the scene  lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
the holes in this film remain agape  holes punched through by an inconsistent  meandering  and sometimes dry plot .
by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get .
in death to smoochy  we dont get williams usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
i m sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now we ve got something pretty damn close .
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
the idea of 49yearold roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough  the reality of the new liveaction pinocchio he directed  cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
harris commands the screen  using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
youll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness  but the point is  youll laugh .
the film is surprisingly welldirected by brett ratner  who keeps things moving well  at least until the problematic third act .
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
despite an overwrought ending  the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
he allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish  and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that its also too stupid to realize that theyve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the regions recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary  hmmm…might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters  and forget about any attempt at a plot .
nair s attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
a thoughtful  reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
lacks the spirit of the previous two  and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
national lampoons van wilder may aim to be the next animal house  but it more closely resembles this years version of tomcats .
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
no amount of arty theorizing  the special effects are germanexpressionist   according to the press notes  can render it anything but laughable .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric .
skins has a right to yawp  and we have a right to our grains of salt .
the animation merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
s about individual moments of mood  and an aimlessness that s actually sort of amazing .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
even if you dont know the band or the albums songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
reyes directorial debut has good things to offer  but ultimately its undone by a sloppy script .
even if you do nt understand what on earth is going on  this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
a generation x artifact  capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face thats simultaneously painful and refreshing .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms  anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and .
yes  i suppose its lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i didnt .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
the piano teacher is not an easy film  it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
japanese director shohei imamuras latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
dong makes a valiant effort to understand everyones point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
comedian  like its subjects  delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun  nofrills ride .
the beautiful  unusual music is this films chief draw  but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again  that in itself is commentary enough .
a bit of a downer and a little overdramatic at times  but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
tells  the story  with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plots persnickety problems is simply a matter of  being  in a shrugging mood .
while you have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet  you re a jet all the way   it s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
trouble every day is a success in some sense  but its hard to like a film so cold and dead .
honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
the dramatic crisis doesnt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but hupperts volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
there s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
overall  the film misses the brilliance of jelineks novel by some way  it settles for being merely grim .
this is a great subject for a movie  but hollywood has squandered the opportunity  using it as a prop for warmedover melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
imperfect  yes  but also intriguing and honorable  a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
after you laugh once lrb maybe twice rrb  you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but .
when not wallowing in its characters frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
yes  spirited away is a triumph of imagination  but it s also a failure of storytelling .
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amaris film falls short in building the drama of lilias journey .
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed  haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn  neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical  detached  uninvolving  possibly prompting audience members to wonder  whats the point .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
i cant say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
its mostly a pleasure to watch  and the reason for that is a selfaware  often selfmocking  intelligence .
the result is so tame that even slightly wisedup kids would quickly change the channel .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  were never sure how things will work out .
the marquis de sade couldnt have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
the script isnt very good  not even someone as gifted as hoffman  the actor  can make it work .
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
granddad of le nouvelle vague  jeanluc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hideandseek .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawkes artistic aspirations  but he hasnt yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
provides the kind of  laugh therapy  i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending .
a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
a densely constructed  highly referential film  and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jeanluc godards finest work .
should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb  has succeeded beyond all expectation .
is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
not at all clear what its trying to say and even if it were – i doubt it would be all that interesting .
in between all the emotional seesawing  it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but ultimately you ll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
report card  does nt live up to the exalted tagline  there s definite room for improvement .
the ingenious construction lrb adapted by david hare from michael cunningham s novel rrb constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
like the world of his film  hartley created a monster but did nt know how to handle it .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb .
s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate they re forced to follow .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine  it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
its neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy  but it has its moments .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
overall  its a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
writerdirector juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
its refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from .
is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
yet another entry in the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
the movie  directed by mick jackson  leaves no cliche unturned  from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of  home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
if you think it s a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman s clothes  then you ll enjoy the hot chick .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know theres something there  its that good .
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
you ll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
the storytelling may be ordinary  but the cast is one of those allstar reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
if a few good men told us that we  cant handle the truth  than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we  dont care about the truth .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions — disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
and it s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
ive had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
affirms the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
jones  makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot  expertly cast  paced with crisp professionalism    and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterdays weather report .
a difficult  absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
there are moments it can be heartrending in an honest and unaffected  and gentle  way .
lyne s latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
the adventure does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
authentic account of a historical event that s far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
even when foreign directors    borrow stuff from hollywood  they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue .
wes craven s presence is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
you can see the wouldbe surprises coming a mile away  and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer  thumbs down .
its dark but has wonderfully funny moments  you care about the characters  and the action and special effects are firstrate .
s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple doesnt mean you have to check your brain at the door  the same should go for movie theaters .
with an unusual protagonist  a kiltwearing jackson  and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and bfilm thuggery .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film .
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
its unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibsons braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
shyamalan turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
if you value your time and money  find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite  predictable rehash .
loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film  but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex  this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
the films final hour  where nearly all the previous unseen material resides  is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan s architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
lets issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  it s a lyrical endeavour .
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
this isnt a narrative film  i dont know if its possible to make a narrative film about september 11th  though im sure some will try  but its as close as anyone has dared to come .
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
the two leads  nearly perfect in their roles  bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
rymer does nt trust laughs  and does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film  but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan s platinumblonde hair .
as shaky as the plot is  kaufmans script is still memorable for some great oneliners .
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and  via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and roundrobin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford parks .
im not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothings happening  or the part where somethings happening  but its stupid .
if youve been to more than one indie flick in your life  chances are youve already seen this kind of thing .
it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried  lowkey film that is so offhollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
this mistyeyed southern nostalgia piece  in treading the line between sappy and sanguine  winds up mired in teardrenched quicksand .
nonsensical  dull  cyberhorror  flick is a grim  hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
it s not the worst comedy of the year  but it certainly wo nt win any honors .
might have been better off as a documentary  with less of mr  eyres uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a masters steady stroke .
insomnia is one of the year s best films and pacino gives one of his most daring  and complicated  performances .
festers in just such a dungpile that youd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
mostly martha could have used a little trimming  10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice  but its a pleasurable trifle  the only pain youll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
theres only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
you just know something terrible is going to happen  but when it does  youre entirely unprepared .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability  all you have left .
what s missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens  deviant behaviour .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mindmaybe too much .
he s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
the years happiest surprise  a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
were left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
nakatas technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
boasts some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities .
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go  but it never quite gets there .
shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
the film didnt move me one way or the other  but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
too loud  too long and too frantic by half  die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over  tunnel under or barrel through .
from the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight  next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
can be classified as one of those alternate reality movies    except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
although no pastry is violated  this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when youre ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character  something happens to send you off in different direction .
i know that ill never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
its difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai  despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantino s climactic shootout  and .
for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
there are many definitions of time waster but this movie must surely be one of them .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy .
of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
the film does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
this is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
it might not be 1970s animation  but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course    director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
you dont need to know your icets from your cooljs to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it  we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
fans of critics  darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
if you re in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
katz s documentary does nt have much panache  but with material this rich it does nt need it .
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances  caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose  its a sight to behold .
that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
return to never land is much more p  c  than the original version  no more racist portraits of indians  for instance   but the excitement is missing .
burns fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images .
like an episode of mtvs undressed  with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance    indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
though the book runs only about 300 pages  it is so densely packed    that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr  schepisis seems skimpy and unclear .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking man s monster movie .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time  something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
special p  o  v  camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about  you re far better served by the source material .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
a loud  lowbudget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism  urban drama .
at three hours and with very little story or character development  there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but its certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome  in the wrong hands  i  e  peploes  its simply unbearable .
schmaltzy and unfunny  adam sandlers cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad  little nicky bad  10 worst list bad .
for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works .
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined gradegrubbers to shame .
the movies gloomy atmosphere is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself doesnt stand a ghost of a chance .
if youre looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
theres really only one good idea in this movie  but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
after you laugh once  maybe twice   you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
dazzles with its fullywritten characters  its determined stylishness  which always relates to characters and story  and johnny dankworths best soundtrack in years .
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
what makes this film special is serrys ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year    a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that isnt afraid to admit it doesnt have all the answers .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that s so prevalent on the rock .
the cast is so lowwattage that none of the characters comes off as big    and the setting remains indistinct .
lee treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects  and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring  widesmiling reception .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman .
theres a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
personal velocity has a nofrills docudogma plainness  yet miller lingers on invisible  nearly psychic nuances  leaping into digressions of memory and desire  she boxes these womens souls right open for us .
japanese director shohei imamura s latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son s home after decades away .
from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole miss in the way of story .
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
stevens is so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo nt be disappointed .
at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it .
nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of americas indigenous people  but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper thats neither original nor terribly funny .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainbergs adaptation of mary gaitskills harrowing short story    is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
like smoke signals  the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart  it really is a shame that more wont get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet evelyn .
what mightve been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
but the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
limps along on a squirminducing fishoutofwater formula that goes nowhere and goes there very  very slowly .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid  insensitive people who take turns hurting each other  its a featurelength adaptation of one of those  can this marriage be saved   columns from ladies home journal .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
it will grip even viewers who arent interested in rap  as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy  but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline that i have nt encountered since at least pete s dragon .
this time mr  burns is trying something in the martin scorsese streetrealist mode  but his selfregarding sentimentality trips him up again .
jason x is positively antidarwinian  nine sequels and 400 years later  the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on autopilot .
a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it doesnt .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him .
mr deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glasss dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
i cant quite recommend it  its too patched together  but i almost can  its the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam  it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea is nt funny .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and .
so faithful to the doldrums of the notquiteurban  notquitesuburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
while mcfarlanes animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other comingofage films    its also so jarring that its hard to get back into the boys story .
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplays sappier elements    and sustains off the hooks buildup with remarkable assuredness for a firsttimer .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world wed live in if argentos hollywood counterparts    had this much imagination and nerve .
wellmeaning to a fault  antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one mans triumph of will into everymans romance comedy .
but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
despite a bluechip cast and a provocative title  writerdirector peter matteis first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in fauxcontemporary gravy .
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright  then blood work is for you .
only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for  it s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
a negligible work of manipulation  an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilttrip parents .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies    footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
if disney s cinderella proved that  a dream is a wish your heart makes   then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio s wallet makes .
ca nt remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
glib  satirical documentary that fudges facts  makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
the thing about guys like evans is this  you re never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins .
but believe it or not  it s one of the most beautiful  evocative works i ve seen .
for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
like a highbrow  lowkey  102minute infomercial  blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
an important movie  a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus  if the lines work  the humor has point and .
conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
does nt get the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
quite frankly  i cant see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
maggie g makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
lead actress gaï  she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile  is a towering siren .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles  but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
this wouldbe james bond for the extreme generation pic is one big  dumb action movie  stress dumb .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work  but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
if no one singles out any of these performances as awardworthy  its only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
van wilder has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
for all its failed connections  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood is nurturing  in a gauzy  dithering way .
if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
directed with purpose and finesse by englands roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson  gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances  as schmidt  nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
sheridan    smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niros righthand goombah .
he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but at the very least  his secret life will leave you thinking .
felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
as with too many studio pics  plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighterthanair adventure .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row  the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away survives intact in bv s revoiced version .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of  the lord of the rings  trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs  sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
this romanticcomedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
lrb  take care of my cat  rrb is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
for making a florid biopic about mad queens  obsessive relationships  and rampant adultery so dull .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler  there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
if there s no art here  it s still a good yarn  which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
you leave feeling like you ve endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
too long  and larded with exposition  this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
if youve ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies  what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
you could love safe conduct  laissez passer  for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long  you could hate it for the same reason .
there is nothing outstanding about this film  but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly  neurotic  and selfabsorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
a mix of velocity and idiocy  this ruinous remake lacks the brawn  and the brains  of the 1970s original .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior  circuit gets drawn into the party .
we root for clara and paul  even like them  though perhaps its an emotion closer to pity .
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderbergh s solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
even if you have no interest in the ganginfested  eastvs  west coast rap wars  this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and .
though excessively tiresome  the uncertainty principle  as verbally pretentious as the title may be  has its handful of redeeming features  as long as you discount its ability to bore .
stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
theres something auspicious  and daring  too  about the artistic instinct that pushes a majorityoriented director like steven spielberg to follow a  i  with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man  the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring  inventive and impressive .
like its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through  the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull  braindeadening hangover .
are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
although its a bit smug and repetitive  this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
depending upon your reaction to this movie  you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex founders on its own preciousness  and squanders its beautiful women .
denis oneills script avoids the prime sports cliche  a lastsecond goal to win the championship  but it neglects few others .
has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was    hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed  joyous romp of a film .
not even solondz s thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
the performances are amiable and committed  and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
if you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set  it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo nt be disappointed .
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
its rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline  everything thats good is ultimately scuttled by a plot thats just too boring and obvious .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
although what time offers tsais usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard  which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog  is that its not as obnoxious as tom greens freddie got fingered .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hiphop sorely disappointed .
build some robots  haul em to the theatre with you for the late show  and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
this is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
fairytale formula  serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions  its touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor  like blended shades of lipstick  these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
when the precise nature of matthews predicament finally comes into sharp focus  the revelation fails to justify the buildup .
as exmarine walter  who may or may not have shot kennedy  actor raymond j  barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
if youre a crocodile hunter fan  youll enjoy at least the  real  portions of the film  if youre looking for a story  dont bother .
unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion .
moody  heartbreaking  and filmed in a natural  unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
despite auteuils performance  its a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that doesnt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
s a wonder that he could nt have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but .
it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
a sterling film  a cross between boys dont cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century  and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets  its alarmingly current .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the directors previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
lawrence bounces all over the stage  dancing  running  sweating  mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
its an example of sophisticated  challenging filmmaking that stands  despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft  in welcome contrast to the indulgent deadend experimentation of the directors previous full frontal .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art thats there to scare while we delight in the images .
writerdirector burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words dont really do the era justice  you have to see it .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning  future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek  as well as a serious debt to the road warrior   but it feels like unrealized potential .
what they re doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
there s a lot of good material here  but there s also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments   frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that it s forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
come from the script s insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale s antics .
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you  this movie is 90 minutes long  and life is too short .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
watch barbershop again if you re in need of a cube fix  this is nt worth sitting through .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored .
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
try as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson  this movie will worm its way there .
it makes me feel weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler s latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and its also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment im likely to see all year .
the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america s skindeep notions of pulchritude .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen  his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent  and thats sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
when in doubt  the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip  or else a doggie winks .
its a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
bad company leaves a bad taste  not only because of its badluck timing  but also the staleness of its script .
the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency  the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
with one exception  every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like its a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
must for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet  for benigni it wasnt shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio  it might as well have been problem child iv .
ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
its a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movies edges .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver  é então que sinais realmente desaponta .
since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
russell makes good b movies  the mask  the blob   and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable  but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
it all drags on so interminably its like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
allens best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what evans had  lost  and got back .
pratfalls aside  barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers  and circles it obsessively  without making contact .
dawdles and drags when it should pop  it doesnt even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
drug abuse  infidelity and death are nt usually comedy fare  but turpin s film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
kinnear doesnt aim for our sympathy  but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
it s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film  not everyone will play the dark  challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
chronicle not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
good for a few unintentional laughs   extreme ops  was obviously made for the  xxx  crowd  people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting  writing  and direction .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tvs dawsons creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea  but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
a savage john waterslike humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
coarse  cliched and clunky  this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcocks thrillers  most of the scary parts in signs occur while waiting for things to happen .
to the filmmakers  ivan is a prince of a fellow  but he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
holofcener s film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
a goodlooking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been  it s just a kids  flick .
its like a  big chill  reunion of the baadermeinhof gang  only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
the dose is strong and funny  for the first 15 minutes anyway  after that  the potency wanes dramatically .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
this film s impressive performances and adept direction are nt likely to leave a lasting impression .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction  and even then his tone retains a genteel  prepschool quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
me no lika da accents so good  but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story  scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
birots directorial debut  she cowrote the script with christophe honoré  isnt so much bad as it is bland .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and its all over his chelsea walls .
like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry  witherspoon is just too dialedup to be americas sweetheart .
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the film is way too full of itself  its stuffy and pretentious in a givemeanoscar kind of way .
some people want the ol ballandchain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
for a film about explosions and death and spies   ballistic  ecks vs  sever  seems as safe as a childrens film  well  in some of those  the mother deer even dies .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain .
to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the worlds remarkably varying human population and mindset  and its capacity to heal using creative  natural and ancient antidotes .
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
its a good film  but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true epic .
the name says it all  jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
it s sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh  not as good as the original  but what is .
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
is the time really ripe for a warmedover james bond adventure  with a village idiot as the 007 clone .
be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies    but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year  you d have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
a movie thats just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guiltypleasure  sobaditsfunny level .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr  deeds was to that of frank capra .
a little less extreme than in the past  with longer exposition sequences between them  and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
so unassuming and pure of heart  you cant help but warmly extend your arms and yell safe .
labute cant avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  hes changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novels exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies  and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middleaged character .
affectionately reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
feels like nothing quite so much as a middleaged moviemakers attempt to surround himself with beautiful  halfnaked women .
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
it must be the end of the world  the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
claude chabrol s camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
do nt look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
it is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
a movie just for friday fans  critics be damned  if you already like this sort of thing  this is that sort of thing all over again .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
watching trouble every day  at least if you dont know whats coming  is like biting into what looks like a juicy  delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming    just a simple fable done in an artless sytle  but its tremendously moving .
corpus collosum  while undeniably interesting  wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout  is that its a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
all the movie s narrative gymnastics ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills  suspense  and gore for video games  the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and .
it s soulful and unslick  and that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
long after you leave justine  youll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best  whatever that might mean .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  its a work of enthralling drama .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved  this makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
zaidans script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming  it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
its a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness  while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
theres something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids movie    that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but .
one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
despite apparent motives to the contrary  it ends up being  like seinfelds revered tv show  about pretty much nothing .
plan to make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltowns seasoned veterans of gossip  wealth  paranoia  and celebrityhood .
her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisles walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
nelson s intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera  this oscarnominated documentary takes you there .
rises  above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses  but nonetheless it drags during its 112minute length .
i have a new favorite musical  and i m not even a fan of the genre .
may look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made  its a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing cant possibly be enough .
were dylan thomas alive to witness firsttime director ethan hawke s strained chelsea walls  he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
with mcconaughey in an entirely ironyfree zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids .
baran isnt the most transporting or gripping film from iran  or  indeed  by its director  but its a worthy companion to the many fine  focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
simply put  there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
celebrated at sundance  this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy  glib charm thats hard to beat .
heres yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
s a frankensteinmonster of a film that does nt know what it wants to be .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
a tired  unnecessary retread  a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise .
harrisons flowers puts its heart in the right place  but its brains are in no particular place at all .
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict  adolescent yearning  the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
new best friend shouldnt have gone straight to video  it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society .
birthday girl does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isnt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
smart  funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
what makes this film special is serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
its fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  they ll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
i ca nt say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated  discerning taste  this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their    off for an hourandahalf .
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but .
lrb breheny s rrb lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
the cast  keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no  1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting its worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
astonishingly skillful and moving  it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2  purportedly a children s movie  is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
certainly beautiful to look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
it cant decide if it wants to be a mysterythriller  a romance or a comedy .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and it goes nowhere .
the star who helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summers new action film   the sum of all fears .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of children s entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
this slight premise  works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
the story has its redundancies  and the young actors  not very experienced  are sometimes inexpressive .
it is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
its supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her  trying to understand her and wondering if shell crack .
few of the increasingly farfetched events that firsttime writerdirector neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing  which is a pity  considering barrys terrific performance .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain  but his smart  edgy voice and waddling profile  emphasized here  accent the humor of wilsons plight  and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
the film delivers not just the full assault of renos immense wit and insight  but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
the films considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
some of their jokes work  but most fail miserably and in the end  pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though its trying to set the womens liberation movement back 20 years .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos hadnt blown them all up .
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while youre watching this ultramanipulative thriller .
too ordinary to restore harmon to prominence  despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wont care .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
poignant and moving  a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding  with better characters  some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style  the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne .
moores complex and important film is also  believe it or not  immensely entertaining  a david and goliath story thats still very much playing itself out .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
its too long  too repetitive  and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma  and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
though certainly original in form  altar boys requires a taste for swamp thingtype animation  doubled with a deafening score .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
an actionthriller of the finest kind  evoking memories of day of the jackal  the french connection  and heat .
is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
let s face it  there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
the film is like sitting in a downtown café  overhearing a bunch of typical latetwentysomethings natter on about nothing  and desperately wishing you could change tables .
a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
one big laugh  three or four mild giggles  and a whole lot of not much else .
that rare film whose reallife basis is  in fact  so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons .
if you re willing to have fun with it  you wo nt feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
it s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didnt reserve enough for his second .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but .
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
shankman  and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
though tom shadyac s film kicks off spookily enough  around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
it s got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
theres a reason the studio didnt offer an advance screening   the adventures of pluto nash  is a big time stinker .
an uneven look into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k dick stories .
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchies lock  stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod  hes unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
streamlined to a tight  brisk 85minute screwball thriller   big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
this isnt just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby  its the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
i like it  there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude  this fastpaced and this insane .
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes  and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame  its a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kungfu scifi movie with silly action sequences .
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
it takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about  so here it is  its about a family of sour immortals .
it s not a bad plot  but  unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
what more can be expected from a college comedy thats target audience hasnt graduated from junior high school .
a long  dull procession of despair  set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
bravo for history rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
heres a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility  yet just as determined to entertain you .
an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
national lampoons van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion .
director peter jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkiens writing that every frame produces new joys  whether youre a fan of the books or not .
gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movies rude and crude humor .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal selfdiscovery and a picaresque view of a littleremembered world .
theres nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie  without neglecting character development for even one minute .
sweet gentle jesus  did the screenwriters just do a cutandpaste of every bad actionmovie line in history .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts .
that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
there is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer  if youre looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  youll need a stronger stomach than us .
the plot of the comeback curlers is nt very interesting actually  but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what s unique and quirky about canadians .
lrb lin chung s rrb voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
loosely speaking  were in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
it probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange  stark beauty of the mideast desert  so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
lrb  safe conduct  rrb is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage .
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
without ever becoming didactic  director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
for every articulate player  such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources – good sources  bad mixture .
that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director  but how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
raimi and his team could nt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of childrens entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
theres a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philips repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
may be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in the characters misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
its riccis best work yet  this girlwoman who sincerely believes she can thwart the worlds misery with blind good will .
as they used to say in the 1950s scifi movies  signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum  where viewers would be free to leave  immediately .
delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
just like hearsts enormous yacht  its slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
s been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way  theres nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
stuffed to the brim with ideas  american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a blackowned record label with a whiteempowered police force .
ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
plays like one long  meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy  the film becomes predictably conventional .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
despite the predictable parent vs  child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
human nature  in short  is nt nearly as funny as it thinks it is  neither is it as smart .
conforms itself with creating a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
they presume their audience wont sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
what does nt this film have that an impressionable kid could nt stand to hear .
a real movie  about real people  that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us dont know .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  it s a spirited film and a mustsee .
its impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard  eileen walsh  when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
the rich performances by friel  and especially williams  an american actress who becomes fully english  round out the square edges .
there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler  liberated from the constraints of formula  reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
an earnest  heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives  its also heavyhanded and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean s themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer s secondhand material .
as conceived by mr  schaeffer  christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriters outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
the film s darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
there s nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
while you have to admit its semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when youre a jet  youre a jet all the way   its equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
if you are curious to see the darker side of whats going on with young tv actors  dawson leery did what      or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but theres nothing very attractive about this movie .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches  the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
whether youre moved and love it  or bored or frustrated by the film  youll still feel something .
to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenlooper s approach to the material is too upbeat .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  youre on the edge of your seat .
ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
may be spoofing an easy target  those old 50s giant creature features  but    it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
as an introduction to the man s theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
adam sandler s 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
to work  love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer  that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
pacino is brilliant as the sleepdeprived dormer  his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to antisemitism and neofascism .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
the master of disguise falls under the category of should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but its a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained .
wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
for all its social and political potential  state property does nt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al  reno devolves into a laughfree lecture .
pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
mr polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of .
what s infuriating about full frontal is that it s too close to real life to make sense .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  its too long and it goes nowhere .
an empty exercise  a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the film s predictable denouement .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
if youre really renting this youre not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices  youre interested in anne geddes  john grisham  and thomas kincaid .
carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller  it s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but .
when your subject is illusion versus reality  shouldnt the reality seem at least passably real .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
theres no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
walsh cant quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janices behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course  director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies  and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life s messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
for the future  one hopes mr  plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
its so underwritten that you cant figure out just where the other characters  including anas father and grandfather  come down on the issue of anas future .
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
whenever you think youve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end  but  no  we get another scene  and then another  you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
meyjes  has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
it would be interesting to hear from the other side  but in talk to her  the women are down for the count .
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and youve imagined the ring .
the determination of pinochet s victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
if youre content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous directors life  eisenstein delivers .
packed to bursting with incident  and with scores of characters  some fictional  some from history .
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
the boys sparring  like the succession of blows dumped on guei  wears down the storys more cerebral  and likable  plot elements .
for all its alleged youthful fire  xxx is no less subservient to bonds tired formula of guns  girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
lrb t rrb he script is nt up to the level of the direction  nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
say that after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
its also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline  and once the initial high wears off  the films shortcomings start to shine through .
succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
the production values are up there  the use of cgi and digital inkandpaint make the thing look really slick  the voices are fine as well  the problem  it is with most of these things  is the script .
has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
its salient points are simultaneously buried  drowned and smothered in the excesses of writerdirector roger avary .
those who dont entirely get godards distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the films verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinsteins bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmarks dogma movement .
in between all the emotional seesawing  its hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived  but they fascinate in their recklessness .
jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric  scream .
gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
often silly – and gross – but its rarely as moronic as some campus grossout films .
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness  but seldahl and wollters sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
director benoit jacquot  making his first operatofilm translation with tosca  conveys the heaving passion of puccinis famous lovejealousy murdersuicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
seem less of a trifle if ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
white hasnt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
some of the most ravaging  gutwrenching  frightening war scenes since  saving private ryan  have been recreated by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
director byler may yet have a great movie in him  but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
if jagloms latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
burns  fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success    but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
though nijinskys words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
in its chicken heart  crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
just a big mess of a movie  full of images and events  but no tension or surprise .
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters  this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since its been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
this version of h  g  wells time machine was directed by h  g  wells greatgrandson  they should have found orson welles greatgrandson .
ms hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
too often  the viewer isnt reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and .
whats the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle  well  its not as pathetic as the animal .
tries too hard to be funny in a way thats too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
oh  james  your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonnas cameo doesnt suck .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp .
robert harmon s lessismore approach delivers real bumpin  thenight chills  his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film s thick shadows .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed  the french lieutenant s woman .
a film that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
the picture s cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb  ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
steven soderberghs digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
to build a feelgood fantasy around a vain dictatormadman is offputting  to say the least  not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
like mike isnt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience  young bow wow fans   with nothing but net .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but theyre often undone by howards selfconscious attempts to find a literary filmmaking style to match his subject .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches    gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
the film  while not exactly assured in its execution  is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child s interest and an adult s patience .
get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
do nt get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
if you ve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart .
everything that s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that s just too boring and obvious .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
a wellrounded tribute to a man whose achievements  and complexities  reached far beyond the end zone .
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the years radar screen that its tempting just to go with it for the ride  but this time  the old mib label stands for milder isnt better .
there s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion  but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hitman in this dark tale of revenge .
shows why  of all the period s volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
a thoughtprovoking look at how western foreign policy  however well intentioned  can wreak havoc in other cultures .
a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
piccoli s performance is amazing  yes  but the symbols of loss and denial and lifeatarm s  length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
for all its problems  the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hiphop documentary should give  scratch  a second look .
at best this is a film for the under7 crowd  but it would be better to wait for the video  and a very rainy day .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
short and sweet  but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
the movie turns out to be assayas homage to the gallic tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
by the end of the movie  you re definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
synthetic  is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
ca nt quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart  very meticulously but without any passion .
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
return to never land is reliable  standard disney animated fare  with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
that it ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie  you know the picture is in trouble .
though it s equally solipsistic in tone  the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot  putting together familiar themes of family  forgiveness and love in a new way  lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
it s excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other  but in the end  it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficulttoswallow setting  and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it s offensive  but that it s boring .
cant get enough of libidinous young city dwellers  try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielbergs schindlers list  but mr  polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr  spielbergs 1993 classic .
its the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
its still adam sandler  and its not little nicky  and for many of us  thats good enough .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but they re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy   but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art theyre struggling to create .
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart  mind or humor of its own .
resurrection is nt exactly quality cinema  but it is nt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
not at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting .
most impressive  though  is the films openended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters emotional wounds .
haneke s script lrb from elfriede jelinek s novel rrb is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c  walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
it collapses when mr taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller s rush .
offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wont much care about .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes hes been making for the last several years .
the wanton slipperiness of  corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
oftdescribed as the antidote to american pietype sex comedies  it actually has a bundle in common with them  as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof  which they is nt  it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattans architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
a crisp psychological drama lrb and rrb a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much aint shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didnt try to .
the movie s plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
is put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
it s painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
it s just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  it s just grating .
a lovely film    elegant  witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic    hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its sources complexity .
kwan makes the mixand match metaphors intriguing  while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park  as well as one  ms  mirren  who did   has succeeded beyond all expectation .
have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
while i ca nt say it s on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  its informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
what saves it    and makes it one of the better videogamebased flicks  is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old  like being able to hit on a 15year old when youre over 100 .
rob schneiders infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
fontaines direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
it s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it  if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution  this is it .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
despite the surface attractions  conrad l  halls cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  theres something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and  no matter how broomfield dresses it up  it tends to speculation  conspiracy theories or  at best  circumstantial evidence .
my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche  its a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
its a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones  but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his selfdeprecating act against murphys wellhoned prima donna shtick .
zhang    has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when its approached with imagination and flair .
less worrying about covering all the drama in fridas life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled  when the twist endings were actually surprising  when the violence actually shocked  when the heroes were actually under 40  sadly  as blood work proves  that was a long  long time ago .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet it s potentially just as rewarding .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake  but he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro    couldnt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
lrb has rrb an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
s a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
directed by kevin bray  whose crisp framing  edgy camera work  and wholesale ineptitude with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently    but peter matteis love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive  if tragic  note .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long youve been sitting still .
while the new film is much more eyecatching than its blooddrenched stephen norringtondirected predecessor  the new script by the returning david s  goyer is much sillier .
has far more energy  wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
all in all  the count of monte cristo is okay  but it is surely no classic  like the novel upon which it is based .
this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
i d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
frida is certainly no disaster  but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
merges his collaborators  symbolic images with his words  insinuating  for example  that in hollywood  only god speaks to the press .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
its an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
a movie that cant get sufficient distance from leroys delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
by no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act  it still comes off as a touching  transcendent love story .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
theres something unintentionally comic in the films drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
impossible as it may sound  this films heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
it may be an easy swipe to take  but this barbershop just doesnt make the cut .
that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
its a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock  garry shandling and colin quinn .
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
expect no major discoveries  nor any stylish sizzle  but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
could have been crisper and punchier  but it s likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
this illconceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
writerdirector alexander payne lrb election rrb and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
it s refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy  diesel  with his brawny frame and cool  composed delivery  fits the bill perfectly .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
hands down the years most thoughtprovoking film  but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
he s just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery  and the film seems as deflated as he does .
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
did the film inform and educate me  yes  did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia  no  and that is where ararat went astray .
it dares to be a little different  and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
the kids just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
beautiful  angry and sad  with a curious sick poetry  as if the marquis de sade .
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
hatosy    portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
its a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocions attentions .
felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
for more than two decades mr  nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film  without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writerdirector himself .
its tough  astringent  darkly funny and    well  its also generic  untidy  condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this  i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies  underwear .
mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
by the final whistle you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do nt .
there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
a highspirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinema s capability for recording truth .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection  so we believe these characters love each other .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one mans quest to find an old flame .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story  but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
this is a thirdperson story now  told by hollywood  and much more ordinary for it .
a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
s far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
heres a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the operas drama and lyricism .
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director s previous work .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed  the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make cherish a very good  but not great  movie .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out  but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but it s pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark  a popinfluenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
terrific as nadia  a russian mailorder bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english  its kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
but even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
roger michell  who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england  gets too artsy in his american debut .
luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
anyone with a passion for cinema  and indeed sex  should see it as soon as possible .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside  the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude  it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls  his film is a frat boys idea of a good time .
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
the courage to go over the top and movies that do nt care about being stupid .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and thats a bad sign when theyre supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
by turns touching  raucously amusing  uncomfortable  and  yes  even sexy  never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright .
one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers ive seen in quite a long time .
it is a kickass  dense scifi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some  i havent seen one in so long  no wonder i didnt recognize it at first .
s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
a thunderous ride at first  quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like youve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
the most horrific movie experience ive had since  cant stop the music   it may as well be called  jarjar binks  the movie   its that painful .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film  but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasnt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens  novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
feels as if  theres  a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one .
take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
i have a new favorite musical  and im not even a fan of the genre .
nicole holofceners lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of womens films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are  no real plot  no real conflict  no real point .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators  scratch is great fun  full of the kind of energy it s documenting .
whatever one makes of its political edge  this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema s master craftsmen .
there might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
bleakly funny  its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
theres no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joans prefeminist plight  so were left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
lazily directed by charles stone iii  from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the scripts bad ideas and awkwardness .
although estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
synthetic is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking  joyless  idiotic  annoying  heavyhanded  visually atrocious  and often downright creepy .
were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions .
fessenden s narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
like kissing jessica stein  amy s orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
it plays like a bigbudget  afterschool special with a generous cast  who at times lift the material from its wellmeaning clunkiness .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
astonishingly skillful and moving    it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
its often infuriatingly glib and posturing  and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we re seeing something purer than the real thing .
that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
even if it ultimately disappoints  the picture does have about a matinee admissions worth of funny to keep it afloat .
it s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
here  common sense flies out the window  along with the hail of bullets  none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
the sort of picture in which  whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do  they go to a pictureperfect beach during sunset .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito s early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
overly stylized with lots of flash blackwhite freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudohip luxury car commercial   its  at its worst when its actually inside the ring .
an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and .
cassavetes thinks he s making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
when the film ended  i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  it s a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky  spirited fashion .
lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances  keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
defies logic  the laws of physics and almost anyones willingness to believe in it  but darned if it doesnt also keep us riveted to our seats .
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
adults  other than the parents    will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
an incredibly lowrent danish film  it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way  if a little convenient .
the ingenious construction  adapted by david hare from michael cunninghams novel  constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm  the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly wasnt feeling any of it .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that shouldnt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants    who might be distracted by the movies quick movements and sounds .
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that doesnt mean it still wont feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
in other words  about as bad a film you re likely to see all year .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos  but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
lrb carvey s rrb characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual .
unlike most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes  metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
whats most offensive isnt the waste of a good cast  but the films denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the masondixon line .
two fairly dull  contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18thcentury canada  and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right .
are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
is it a total success  no  is it something any true film addict will want to check out  you bet .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of comingofage cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but it lacks a strong narrative .
eight legged freaks wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
theres a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
catalog every bodily fluids gag in there s something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of  eh .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
lees achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a cleareyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs  sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory  impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble  there isnt a weak or careless performance amongst them .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melvilles plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast    have made the old boys characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
completely awful iranian drama  as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs .
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca nt be dismissed as mindless .
a fine effort  an interesting topic  some intriguing characters and a sad ending  certainly the big finish wasnt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for    but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
so earnest and wellmeaning  and so stocked with talent  that you almost forget the sheer  ponderous awfulness of its script .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers  a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the film has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
as underwater ghost stories go  below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom  but wasnt able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
it is that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous films successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled  others will find their humorseeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
with a large cast representing a broad crosssection  taverniers film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
macdowell  gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
both shrill and soporific  and because everything is repeated five or six times  it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
it is intensely personal and yet  unlike quills  deftly shows us the temper of the times .
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess  in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
in its own way  joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latters attendant intelligence  poetry  passion  and genius .
one of recent memorys most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
all the queen s men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it s hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or .
is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
suffers from overfamiliarity since hithungry british filmmakers have stripmined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
passions  obsessions  and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits  lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light lrb yet unsentimental rrb touch .
a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
earns its laughs from stock redneck types and from the many  many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose  the play behind the thing .
m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
lrb there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
the phone rings and a voice tells you youve got seven days left to live  then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isnt back at blockbuster before midnight  youre going to face frightening late fees  o  k   not really .
jackson and bledel seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
it s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
to say this was done better in wilders some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
what enlivens this film  beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors  is a note of defiance over social dictates .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they .
the film is so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling  murder by numbers  delivers a magnetic performance .
judd s characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
theres no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic  and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion  it risks seeming slow and pretentious  because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
cho s face is rrb an amazing slapstick instrument  creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
cockettes has the glorious  gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days  featuring all manner of drag queen  bearded lady and lactating hippie .
carvey s rubberface routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
expect to be reminded of other  better films  especially seven  which director william malone slavishly copies .
whether seen on a 10inch television screen or at your local multiplex  the edgeofyourseat  educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
all in all  brown sugar is a satisfying wellmade romantic comedy thats both charming and well acted  it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
a fun family movie that s suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh .
there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
there s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  you re on the edge of your seat .
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13yearold girls life .
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
vividly conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
wouldnt it be nice if all guys got a taste of what its like on the other side of the bra .
if we dont demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose  we deserve the trash that we get .
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demmes perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesypie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood postproduction effects .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any arthouse moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planets skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says  if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
even with all its botches  enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and wellmade entertainment .
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
its not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
ou ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
true to its animatronic roots     as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus    the country bears should never have been brought out of hibernation .
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a tightly directed  highly professional film that s oldfashioned in all the best possible ways .
what you would end up with if you took orwell  bradbury  kafka  george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender  but thats just the problem with it  the director hasnt added enough of his own ingredients .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen .
after watching it  you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
while undisputed isnt exactly a high  it is a gripping  tidy little movie that takes mr  hill higher than hes been in a while .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
a semiautobiographical film thats so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but theres nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but .
is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
to those who have not read the book  the film is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on  chelsea walls is a tripleespresso endurance challenge .
doug liman  the director of bourne  directs the traffic well  gets a nice wintry look from his locations  absorbs us with the movies spycraft and uses damons ability to be focused and sincere .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i did nt .
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical  the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
this rough trade punchandjudy act did nt play well then and it plays worse now .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time  providing no real sense of suspense .
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity  mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
the cartoon that isnt really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isnt really good enough to be in theaters .
the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
the biggest problem i have  other than the very sluggish pace  is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
do nt judge this one too soon  it s a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  its very much like life itself .
there s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney s 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
its an old story  but a lively script  sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one mans tortured soul .
the movie is like scorseses mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old juvenile delinquent paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
stephen earnharts documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text – when its really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
reno delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
a ripoff twice removed  modeled after lrb seagal s rrb earlier copycat under siege  sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments    but its such a warm and charming package that youll feel too happy to argue much .
the action switches between past and present  but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125year divide .
terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
dont hate el crimen del padre amaro because its anticatholic  hate it because its lousy .
all the small moments and flashbacks do nt add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
the leads are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancers secondhand material .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times  but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
in all  this is a watchable movie thats not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
brims with passion  for words  for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy  what time is it there  may prove to be tsais masterpiece .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and .
a notsodivine secrets of the yaya sisterhood with a hefty helping of refried green tomatoes .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen  then laughs at how clever its being .
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
outside of burger s desire to make some kind of film  it s really unclear why this project was undertaken .
its a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
it s too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling  but as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but .
around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
not only are the films sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this were doingitfor thecash sequel were .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcueras attention to detail .
are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
does what a fine documentary does best  it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world  then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavyhanded melodrama .
well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys .
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
is nt a retooled genre piece  the tale of a guy and his gun  but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four sixpacks and a pitcher of margaritas in  but the film must have been written    in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence  but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is  perhaps it snuck under my feet .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
the film feels formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perrys boss  there isnt a redeeming moment here .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the seas interpersonal drama  it aint halfbad .
he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
the story    is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is  it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous films historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but .
jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that its based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
an exhilarating futuristic thrillernoir  minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story  delivering a riveting  pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order .
loosely speaking  we re in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really does nt have much to say beyond the news .
a coda in every sense  the pinochet case splits time between a minutebyminute account of the british courts extradition chess game and the regimes talkinghead survivors .
a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad .
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the films city beginnings into its country conclusion .
is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral  and  hence  more chillingly effective .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
if a horror movie s primary goal is to frighten and disturb  then they works spectacularly well  a shiverinducing  nerverattling ride .
gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters suffering .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding .
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
these selfstyled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks  at least during their 70s heyday  comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
the santa clause 2 s plot may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
this movie is so bad  that it s almost worth seeing because it s so bad .
is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
it s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
wobbly senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
adaptation s success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it  and  of course  feeling guilty for it     then  miracle of miracles  the movie does a flipflop .
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
has its moments  but ultimately  its curmudgeon doesnt quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if were seeing something purer than the real thing .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle  the first half of gangster no  1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
for a film that celebrates radical  nonconformist values  what to do in case of fire  lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional  reserved kind of filmmaking .
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb  the movie is powerful and provocative .
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer .
its difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script  but heres guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
it s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
a sciencefiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
us  is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
like the excruciating end of days  collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure  but .
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but .
to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
as wellacted and wellintentioned as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors    by shoving them into every clichéd whitetrash situation imaginable .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
writerdirector david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
twentythree movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career  clint eastwoods efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him  big time .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
one that s been told by countless filmmakers about italian   chinese   irish   latin   indian   russian .
a movie that both thrills the eye and  in its overthetop way  touches the heart .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor  but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they re simply not funny performers .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
weve seen the hippieturnedyuppie plot before  but theres an enthusiastic charm in i  fire that makes the formula fresh again .
s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that he s a disloyal satyr .
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  crane becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and .
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
wes cravens presence is felt  not the craven of a nightmare on elm street or the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of deadly friend .
than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
really have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
although olivier assayas elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation    its threehour running time plays closer to two .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
spielbergs realization of a nearfuture america is masterful  this makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
if you re looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining  you re in luck .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we re touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
the movie  while beautiful  feels labored  with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but it is nevertheless compelling .
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
tov to a film about a family s joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
while not for every taste  this often very funny collegiate grossout comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isnt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white  but tobacks deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
it confirms finchers status as a film maker who artfully bends technical knowhow to the service of psychological insight .
the movies vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
this idea has lost its originality    and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a onejoke picture .
enigma is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable  a waste of good performances .
heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
its the kind of movie that ends up festooning u  s  art house screens for no reason other than the fact that its in french  well  mostly  with english subtitles and is magically significant because of that .
has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirtyjoke book done up in posttarantino popculture riffs .
present ah na s life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character  but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
anthony hopkins  big deal  weve already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal  and it was better the first time .
lrb rises rrb above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
disney has always been hitormiss when bringing beloved kids books to the screen    tuck everlasting is a little of both .
as quiet  patient and tenacious as mr  lopez himself  who approaches his difficult  endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
an offbeat  sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
it s touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
martin lawrence live  is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and  perhaps unwittingly  relating it to what is happening in america in 2002  but hardtobelieve plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
during the tuxedo s 90 minutes of screen time  there is nt one true  chan moment .
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the storys promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
the best you can say about it is its so uninspired  it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
is in its examination of america s culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
family portrait of need  neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
dragonfly has no atmosphere  no tension  nothing but costner  flailing away  its a buggy drag .
franco is an excellent choice for the walledoff but combustible hustler  but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
matrix   style massacres erupt throughout  but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafkainspired philosophy .
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
is our story as much as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
could nt someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person .
its getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isnt laughing with us  folks  its laughing at us .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild .
a dimwitted and lazy spinoff of the animal planet documentary series  crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
if sm seems like a strange route to true love  maybe it is  but its to this films  and its makers  credit that we believe that thats exactly what these two people need to find each other  and themselves .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than youd expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources  bad mixture .
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
made me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
pretension  in its own way  is a form of bravery  for this reason and this reason only  the power of its own steadfast  hoitytoity convictions  chelsea walls deserves a medal .
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho s .
still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
this redo is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that  ironically  it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport .
one of recent memory s most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
long before it s over  you ll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv .
by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers .
worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious  but restrained and subtle storytelling .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
could as easily have been called under siege 3  in alcatraz    a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams  however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
the concept is a hoot  the trailer is a riot  the movie is a dud .
now as a former gong show addict  ill admit it  my only complaint is that we didnt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
based on dave barrys popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters moves and overlapping story .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae its like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say  entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp  overmanipulative hollywood practices .
nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and were touched by the films conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it were nt .
shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
theres suspension of disbelief and then theres bad screenwriting    this film packs a wallop of the latter .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete  as if the real story starts just around the corner .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great  i m not  and then i realized that i just did nt care .
feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
its the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness .
me without you  is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
this picture is mostly a lump of runofthemill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
the movie is genial but never inspired  and little about it will stay with you .
does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
it s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
mr  clooney  mr  kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word  mindless  lifeless  meandering  loud  painful  obnoxious .
is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
hardly a masterpiece  but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
between the drama of cube  s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture  iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story  with charming results .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
life or something like it has its share of high points  but it misses too many opportunities .
it uses an oldtime formula  its not terribly original and its rather messy  but you just have to love the big  dumb  happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
his lrb nelson s rrb screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte could want .
directorchef gabriele muccino keeps it fast  zippy  comin at ya  as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
there arent too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming  without a thick shmear of the goo  at least   but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the years most enjoyable releases .
you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
complex  affecting and uniquely almodóvar  the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes  it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way    that feels very human and very true to life .
this is a gorgeous film  vivid with color  music and life  delight your senses and crash this wedding .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story s promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
theres surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
portentous and pretentious  the weight of water is appropriately titled  given the heavyhandedness of it drama .
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
if youre a fan of the series youll love it and probably want to see it twice  i will be .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini  madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
its always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic  unfortunately  thats precisely what arthur dongs family fundamentals does .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca nt overcome  but it s a nice girlbuddy movie once it gets rocknrolling .
its not that kung pow isnt funny some of the time  it just isnt any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves  without all oedekerks impish augmentation .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
its generic villains lack any intrigue  other than their funny accents  and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
one of those strained caper movies thats hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
britney spears phoniness is nothing compared to the movies contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
despite all the talking  by the time the bloody climax arrives we still dont feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new  selfdeprecating level .
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing  who is cletis tout  is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days   or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
beneath the films obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
a frustrating tweener  too slick  contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  franco has all of deans mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character  we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
being unique doesnt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film does nt ignore the more problematic aspects of brown s life .
anyone who can count to five  the films target market   can see where this dumbeddown concoction is going .
though writerdirector bart freundlich s film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parentchild relationship  it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup s anchoring performance .
its a boombox of a movie that might have been titled the loud and the ludicrous    the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop  comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
hits one out of the park for the they dont make em like that anymore department .
hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just .
im sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue  if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres  mores the pity .
ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
the editing is chaotic  the photography grainy and badly focused  the writing unintentionally hilarious  the direction unfocused  the performances as wooden .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the flyonthewall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the documakers being a visible part of their work .
lrb stevens is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
visits spymovie territory like a novel you cant put down  examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen  and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
it doesnt help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video  giving the whole thing a dirty  tasteless feel .
of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions  walt becker s film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
while there are times when the films reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it doesnt .
triple x is a double agent  and hes one bad dude  when youve got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation  it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
into a tragic comingofage saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane s superhero dystopia .
going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
what bubbles up out of john c  walshs pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
the enjoyable undercover brother  a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild  dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
this starts off with a 1950 s doris day feel and it gets very ugly  very fast .
be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype  the celebrity  the high life  the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men  promising  talented  charismatic and tragically doomed .
there s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
has too many spots where it s on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i cant remember a single name responsible for it .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being  the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
the largeframe imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic  still  not every lowbudget movie must be quirky or bleak  and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
an earnest racialissues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era  say  the 60s .
hey arnold  the movie could have been made 40 years ago  and parents appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
its the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens  when it comes out on video  then its the perfect cure for insomnia .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
the story  is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
savvy director robert j siegel and his cowriters keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
its of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie  six days  seven nights  maybe  or that dreadful sabrina remake .
what really happened   is a question for philosophers  not filmmakers  all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
director paul coxs unorthodox  abstract approach to visualizing nijinskys diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee  and it still is .
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller  you know death is lurking around the corner  just waiting to spoil things .
two big things are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills  the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and .
tartakovskys team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
its better to go in knowing full well whats going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists  cynics need not apply .
the films bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washingtons fine performance in the title role .
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
spiderman is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff  if youre a comic fan  you cant miss it  if youre not  youll still have a good time .
get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
a celebration of quirkiness  eccentricity  and certain individuals tendency to let it all hang out  and damn the consequences .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or .
does nt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
this slop doesnt even have potential as a cult film  as its too loud to shout insults at the screen .
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had todays moodaltering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
it s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and goodhearted professionalism .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldnt work without all those gimmicks .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage  the images lack contrast  are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
they are nt able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but .
with notorious c  h  o  cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
probes in a lighthearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
a fun family movie thats suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh  cry and realize  its never too late to believe in your dreams .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced  it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
the efforts of its star  kline  to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the pictures cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldlywise and very funny script .
does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
despite lagging near the finish line  the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
paul bettany is good at being the ultraviolent gangster wannabe  but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
highly uneven and inconsistent    margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven  anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
the story itself is uninteresting  and the songs are painfully undistinguished  they might be giants so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew  and its directed by    neil labute  hmm .
so beautifully acted and directed  its clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady   but  the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax thats scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
its hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie  and its harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
nair doesnt treat the issues lightly  she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers  its a taunt a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
lrb the kid s rrb just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film  but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion grandeur shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney s darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einsteins brain .
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
the screenplay  cowritten by director imogen kimmel  lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
its not a great monster movie  but if youve paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn  theres guilty fun to be had here  chomp chomp .
with amazing finesse  the film shadows heidi s trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother  mai thi kim  still lives .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater .
does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
that this film was nt as bad as i thought it was going to be .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but .
in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
it s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper  with special effects tossed in .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and  more specifically  behind the camera .
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
even in terms of the lowgrade cheese standards on which it operates  it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
helmer devito    attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics  payola  vice  murder  kids tv and revenge .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isnt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one s appetite for the bollywood films .
passion  lipsynching  tragedy  and lots of really really high notes  for me  this opera isnt a favorite  so its a long time before the fat lady sings .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinemas capability for recording truth .
about half of them are funny  a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story  which is paperthin and decidedly unoriginal .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company s previous video work .
because the villain could nt pick the lint off borg queen alice krige s cape  and finishes half a parsec lrb a nose rrb ahead of generations .
like most of jaglom s films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something .
its got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it didnt entirely grab me  but theres stuff here to like .
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
the redeeming feature of chan s films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  what s worse  routine .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon  pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two  likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
sure  its contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though its never as solid as you want it to be .
into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
who  exactly  is fighting whom here  ah  yes  that would be me  fighting off the urge to doze .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then theres always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
a film that plays things so nice n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you cant fake .
there s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
this film  starring anthony hopkins and chris rock  is your typical fish out of water story  youve seen them a million times  just one problem  fish out of water usually die  this one does .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy  the movie  is  also  frequently hilarious .
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
credit must be given to harland williams  michael rosenbaum and barry watson  who inject far more goodnatured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves .
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
too stupid to be satire  too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise  frank novaks irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soulkilling as its title is nearly meaningless .
shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine .
has a long and clunky ending    which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudoserious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audiences awkward silence .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this  it s not scary in the slightest .
rob schneider s infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers .
if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix  i have just one word for you   decasia .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you dont want to be .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy  and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
not for the prurient or squeamish  its a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture  selfloathing and sexual politics .
denis and cowriter michele petins impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing  lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances .
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
theres none of the happilyever after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and thats part of what makes dover kosashvilis outstanding feature debut so potent .
it s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise  it isnt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
the yayas have many secrets and one is  the books are better  translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschoolers fancy  but when it costs a family of four about 40 to see a film in theaters  why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead .
emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
merely  and literally  tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at womens expense .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
here is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
a fascinating case study of flowerpower liberation  and the price that was paid for it .
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
it s far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
in its own aloof  unreachable way it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
an incredibly thoughtful  deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
i suspect that youll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it  if you go  pack your knitting needles .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse  and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape  is overkill to the highest degree .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise  but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
mostly  goldbacher just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
evans is a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
while the film is competent  its also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i ca nt compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
like kissing jessica stein  amys orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and .
librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
both stars manage to be funny  but  like the recent i spy  the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
the bourne identity should nt be half as entertaining as it is  but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
graphic sex may be whats attracting audiences to unfaithful  but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the funloving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative  handbagclutching sarandon .
it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
holland lets things peter out midway  but its notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art  its an unhappy situation all around .
of sense of humor that derives from a workman s grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant .
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese  but it doesnt need gangs of new york .
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
though its not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants  who might be distracted by the movie s quick movements and sounds .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone .
a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really doesnt have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
theres some outrageously creative action in the transporter    but by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck  its just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
terminally bland  painfully slow and needlessly confusing    the movie  shot on digital videotape rather than film  is frequently indecipherable .
a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of lifes harshness .
plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love  racial tension  and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
like a mediumgrade network sitcommostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwers refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation    well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
although sensitive to a fault  it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source s complexity .
it s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle  and by the end  we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
in a strange way  egoyan has done too much  hes worked too hard on this movie .
is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
if the film has a problem  its shortness disappoints  you want the story to go on and on .
still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
y tu mamá también is hilariously  gloriously alive  and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
not counting a few grossout comedies i ve been trying to forget  this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
like a documentary version of fight club  shorn of social insight  intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and smalltown america .
is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
it s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
it s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
fridas artistic brilliance is undeniable  its among the most breathtakingly designed films ive ever seen .
the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
despite a quieter middle section  involving aragorns dreams of arwen  this is even better than the fellowship  there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
directed in a flashy  empty submusic video style by a director so selfpossessed he actually adds a period to his first name .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but .
so few movies explore religion that its disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
an oddity  to be sure  but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
without resorting to hyperbole  i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best samesex romance i have seen .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
it does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke  you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and la to that end  they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
there s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
outside of burgers desire to make some kind of film  its really unclear why this project was undertaken .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but  also one of the most curiously depressing .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
one of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca nt wait to see end .
intriguing and beautiful film  but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
like most bond outings in recent years  some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike  a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions  its just too bad it doesnt have more flashes of insight .
the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
its incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated  just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
too bad writerdirector adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagles carpets .
the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
the direction  by george hickenlooper  has no snap to it  no wiseacre crackle or hardbitten cynicism .
more dutiful than enchanting    terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and it s all the stronger because of it .
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
nicks  seemingly uncertain whats going to make people laugh  runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
call me a cynic  but theres something awfully deadly about any movie with a lifeaffirming message .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know its going to be a trip  igby goes down is one of those movies .
its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of grossout flicks  college flicks  or even flicks in general .
kung pow is oedekerks realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things  unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
for a film that s being advertised as a comedy  sweet home alabama is nt as funny as you d hoped .
it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
the performances are strong  though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
by the end of no such thing the audience  like beatrice  has a watchful affection for the monster .
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
and more than that  it s an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
in auteil s less dramatic but equally incisive performance  he s a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
like those to rome  all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawns breasts  which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
the films best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a fitfully amusing romp that  if nothing else  will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star  frankie muniz .
you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca nt help but engage an audience .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families  but it s not halfbad .
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding  quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
13 conversations  holds its goodwill close  but is relatively slow to come to the point .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  its an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but its worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging  the question remains whether this should  indeed  have been presented as a theatrical release .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience  but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
once the audience figure out whats being said  the filmmakers relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
for the most part  director annesophie birots first feature is a sensitive  extraordinarily wellacted drama .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it s based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced    its a pity that nelsons achievement doesnt match his ambition .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if theyre ghosts imagining themselves as alive  its a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke  made creepy by its  men in a sardine can  warped logic .
duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that youre dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting  then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley  paxton  making his directorial feature debut  does strong  measured work .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then youre in for a painful ride .
for all its social and political potential  state property doesnt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard lrb which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog rrb is that it s not as obnoxious as tom green s freddie got fingered .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that its forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
typical animé  with cheapo animation  like saturday morning tv in the 60s   a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
a quietly introspective portrait of the selfesteem of employment and the shame of losing a job .
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intactos  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
mark me down as a nonbeliever in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote  and cannier doppelganger  to diesels xxx flexathon .
austin powers in goldmember  has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
a distinguished and thoughtful film  marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
it will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
i wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form  youll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks face than his wife is .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom s selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  it s still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated  not to mention absolutely refreshed .
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
with dickens words and writerdirector douglas mcgraths eventoned direction  a ripping good yarn is told .
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks  he doesnt  however  deliver nearly enough of the shows trademark style and flash .
despite slick production values and director roger michells ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
there s no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizensespecially the a   holes .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out  so he just slopped  em together here .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors  even kingsley  are made to look bad .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain  but the movies narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
its sweet  its funny  it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt  and  thanks to the presence of the king   it also rocks .
it s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as ive seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
partnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting  the catch is that theyre stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
too often  son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix  there is no real reason to see it  wait for video  and then dont rent it .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 ½ weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
the film is moody  oozing  chilling and heartwarming all at once  a twisting  unpredictable  catandmouse thriller .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb .
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr  wongs in the mood for love  very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
candid and comfortable  a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
feels as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
returning director rob minkoff  and screenwriter bruce joel rubin  have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world we d live in if argento s hollywood counterparts  had this much imagination and nerve .
nervy and sensitive  it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement  and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .
become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing .
a funny and wellcontructed black comedy where the old adage  be careful what you wish for  is given a full workout .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels  so  too  is this comedy about mild culture clashing in todays new delhi .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  it s one of the worst of the entire franchise .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
the pictures fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions  ill settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
the films darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
argento  at only 26  brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
the acting  costumes  music  cinematography and sound are all astounding given the productions austere locales .
for its 100 minutes running time  you ll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
as allens execution date closes in  the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore  if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
though the film is static  its writerdirector s heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
it s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
berry s saucy  fullbodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
this is wild surreal stuff  but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like youre going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
bread  my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it  it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate  i admit it  i hate to like it .
be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that should nt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
the holiday message of the 37minute santa vs the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
director nancy savocas nofrills record of a show forged in stillraw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 911 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
s also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention .
characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
it doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys direction is clever and insightful .
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
if it tried to do anything more  it would fail and perhaps explode  but at this level of manic whimsy  it is just about right .
the movie enters a realm where few nonporn films venture  and comes across as darkly funny  energetic  and surprisingly gentle .
as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
you see robert de niro singing  and dancing to  west side story show tunes  choose your reaction  a   that sure is funny  b   that sure is pathetic .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered  but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely .
lovely and poignant  puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex .
cuba gooding jr valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs  but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
the film is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe  but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible  that  in itself  is extraordinary .
none of these characters resembles anyone youve ever met in real life  unless you happen to know annoyingly selfinvolved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the films interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but it feels like unrealized potential .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy  rape and suspected murder .
allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
when the first few villians are introduced as  spider  and  snake  you know youre in for a real winner  creativity at its peak .
its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families .
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
you really have to salute writerdirector haneke  he adapted elfriede jelineks novel  for making a film that isnt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon  palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
for the most part  i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphys better performances in one of his lesserpraised movies .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare  its also  clearly  great fun .
makes one thing abundantly clear  american musical comedy as we know it wouldnt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfunssake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
is nt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and .
is badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
feeling to it  but like the 1920 s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
the charms of willful eccentricity  at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay  are beginning to wear a bit thin .
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way  last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
the ring is worth a look  if you dont demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
at its best  queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the 60s  at its worst  it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds  it doesnt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
its hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there  its dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
ai nt a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it s hilarious .
this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeare s macbeth does nt sustain a high enough level of invention .
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this isnt .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows  if you wanted to make as antikieslowski a pun as possible  suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
morrissettes script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit  but it doesnt signify a whole lot either .
ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want  but .
on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
maybe its the star power of the cast or the redundant messages  but something aboul  full frontal  seems  well  contrived .
a rich tale of our times  very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
openended and composed of layer upon layer  talk to her is a cinephiles feast  an invitation to countless interpretations .
shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
with tightly organized efficiency  numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension  millers film is one of 2002s involvingly adult surprises .
firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
often overwrought and at times positively irritating  the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
unfolds in a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
its a great deal of sizzle and very little steak  but what spectacular sizzle it is     in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
of color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
moonlight mile doesnt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man s body .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
lrb the cockettes rrb provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side  thats because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat .
mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope  there s something creepy about this movie .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s .
alis graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an overamorous terrier .
its supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffectedindiefilm mode  and brother hoffman s script stumbles over a lateinning twist that just does nt make sense .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the maker s minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
it is a comedy thats not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling  and an uneasy alliance  at that .
is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought  and is best watched that way .
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
such a wildly uneven hitandmiss enterprise  you cant help suspecting that it was improvised on a daytoday basis during production .
instead go rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms its inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace s maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmakers extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
for the first twothirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful  always fast and furious tale  kids will go happily along for the ride .
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
in questioning the election process  payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
lrb johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
veras technical prowess ends up selling his film short  he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
although melodramatic and predictable  this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration  but ive got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .
nicole holofcener s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck  preferably a semi .
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
i know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
much of the movies charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo  their computeranimated faces are very expressive .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
i dont even care that theres no plot in this antonio banderaslucy liu faceoff  its still terrible .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but .
an oftendeadly boring  strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach .
like a tarantino movie with heart  alias betty is richly detailed  deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
it isnt that the picture is unfamiliar  but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers do nt have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
mostly  lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
despite suffering a senseofhumour failure  the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
prays film works well and will appeal even to those who arent too familiar with turntablism .
burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate s reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
a light  engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
definitely funny stuff  but it s more of the  laughing at  variety than the  laughing with .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower i  q  than when i had entered .
human experience  drama  conflict  tears and surprise  that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
its so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting  macabre sets  and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mind  maybe too much .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of godards vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
a sleepinducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth cant help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
if you believe any of this  i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
while the now 72yearold robert evans been slowed down by a stroke  he has at least one more story to tell  his own .
my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kidsinperil theatrics  but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and .
perhaps its cliche to call the film refreshing   but it is  drumline shows a level of young  black manhood that is funny  touching  smart and complicated .
gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
the magic  and original running time  of ace japanimator hayao miyazakis spirited away survives intact in bvs revoiced version .
is an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and the decidedly foul stylings of their postmodern contemporaries  the farrelly brothers .
today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wildes classic satire .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids  television and plot threads .
that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior    circuit gets drawn into the party .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture cant quite conceal that theres nothing resembling a spine here .
the structure is simple  but in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
boyd s screenplay lrb cowritten with guardian hack nick davies rrb has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum  a rumor of angels doesnt just slip  it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about .
whenever you think you ve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end .
if you can read the subtitles  the opera is sung in italian  and you like masterpiece theatre type costumes  youll enjoy this movie .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dasss latest book aimed at the boomer demographic  but mostly its a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
in the wake of saving private ryan  black hawk down and we were soldiers  you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
got a david lynch jones  then youd do well to check this one out because its straight up twin peaks action .
stare and sniffle  respectively  as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen    his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the films length becomes a part of its fun .
s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra  it finds a nice rhythm .
what a concept  what an idea  what a thrill ride  this is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
allen se atreve a atacar  a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración .
if you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie you re looking for .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by reallife events  those seeking a definitive account of eisensteins life would do better elsewhere .
if  lilo  stitch  isnt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film  whats left is a rich stew of longing .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
