is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script  that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
the movie s progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase  fatal script error .
tartakovsky s team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
thanks largely to williams  all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes  the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era  and its convolutions  feel silly rather than plausible .
as a relic from a bygone era  and its convolutions  feel silly rather than plausible .
its generic villains lack any intrigue lrb other than their funny accents rrb and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
downright transparent is the script s endless assault of embarrassingly hamfisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
is the script s endless assault of embarrassingly hamfisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
s lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres .
is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
takes one character we do nt like and another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
another we do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension  and even if it were nt silly  it would still be beyond comprehension .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up .
spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is nt incomprehensible .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  it s insanely violent and very graphic .
instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
would ve been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the film s predictable denouement .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
the film is so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
it s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
s difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had .
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
festers in just such a dungpile that you d swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
to the filmmakers  ivan is a prince of a fellow  but he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title  amounts to surprisingly little .
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title  amounts to surprisingly little .
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking  joyless  idiotic  annoying  heavyhanded  visually atrocious  and often downright creepy .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments i ve had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something .
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something .
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation  and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea is nt funny .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
lrb carvey s rrb characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do nt know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
mtv schmucks who do nt know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and .
but if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
i m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
m not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it s based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
as the movie dragged on  i thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
i thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed  chris rock    anthony hopkins  and  terrorists  into some univaclike script machine .
some unpaid intern had just typed  chris rock    anthony hopkins  and  terrorists  into some univaclike script machine .
ca nt remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
a tired  unnecessary retread  a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
offers the nonetoooriginal premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
shankman  and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
why spend  9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
spend  9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
contrived plotting  stereotyped characters and woo s overthetop instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie s heart .
require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
it s definitely not made for kids or their parents  for that matter  and i think even fans of sandler s comic taste may find it uninteresting .
you can not guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can not guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
guess why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
why the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much sense even on its own terms .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that does nt make much .
has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated  and a meaty plot and welldeveloped characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
there s no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it were nt .
it s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks lrb at least during their 70s heyday rrb comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people  manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
that the  true story  by which all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
by which all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
highly uneven and inconsistent  margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
not only are the film s sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this  we re  doingitfor  thecash  sequel were .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
there s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
does nt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
for a story set at sea  ghost ship is pretty landbound  with its leaden acting  dull exposition and telegraphed  surprises .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
is a subzero version of monsters  inc  without the latter s imagination  visual charm or texture .
smug  artificial  illconstructed and fatally overlong  it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say .
the documentary is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
the plot is paperthin and the characters are nt interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
the characters are nt interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
are nt interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
it s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
s hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
like rudy yellow lodge  eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
the leads are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer s secondhand material .
are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer s secondhand material .
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
poorly written  murky and weakly acted  the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
that it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
it s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
s also too stupid to realize that they ve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
we hate lrb madonna rrb within the film s first five minutes  and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
lacks any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film .
a semiautobiographical film that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
a semiautobiographical film that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense  you ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
you ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
could nt someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles  book does not translate well to the screen .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
there are now two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema  unbreakable and signs .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
but the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
the 2002 film does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
does nt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate  comedy  scenes .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and it goes nowhere .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s  the film s ending has a  what was it all for .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful  no doubt  it s the worst movie i ve seen this summer .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
it s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
s crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can outbadact the other .
a wishywashy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung  but explains its characters  decisions only unsatisfactorily .
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
the film does nt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
maid in manhattan proves that it s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre  and .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you d expect from the guyinadress genre .
but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower iq than when i had entered .
put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
a cellophanepop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen  the fabulous stains  crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
loosely speaking  we re in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that s likely to irk viewers .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
a plodding teen remake that s so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot .
off with an inauspicious premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
most of the problems with the film do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middleage and older men drink to excess  piss on trees  bs one another and put on a show in drag .
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
the movie s plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
bad  is the operative word for  bad company   and i do nt mean that in a good way .
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
take away the controversy  and it s not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i did nt .
m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
this is nt even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism  it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
nair just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
just does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does nt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
unlike lrb scorsese s mean streets rrb  ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested  or at least conscious  i could feel my eyelids  getting  very  heavy .
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
tykwer s surface flash is nt just a poor fit with kieslowski s lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowski s work aspired to  including the condition of art .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you re sure to get more out of the latter experience .
pick your nose instead because you re sure to get more out of the latter experience .
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  it s the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is .
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
lrb the kid s rrb just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
ms phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esther s initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is  overall  far too staid for its subject matter .
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
a ripoff twice removed  modeled after lrb seagal s rrb earlier copycat under siege  sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
of fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie .
ca nt remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
is significantly less charming than listening to a fouryearold with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
so muddled  repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
it s just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
slack and uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you re left with a sour taste in your mouth .
you can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
can be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
be forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
forgiven for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
for realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
realizing that you ve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence  lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
is extremely straight and mindnumbingly stilted  its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this  it s not scary in the slightest .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
tries too hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
do nt need to know your icet s from your coolj s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy s holes  and the scripters do nt deserve any oscars .
might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time lrb including mine rrb on something very inconsequential .
with a completely predictable plot  you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
you ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
it just did nt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on lrb or be entertained by rrb .
not counting a few grossout comedies i ve been trying to forget  this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
surely it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess  in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
godard s ode to tackling life s wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess .
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that s unfocused and tediously exasperating .
it s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
s hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
for the rest of us  sitting through dahmer s two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
there s surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
the project s filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
s really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art they re struggling to create .
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
you may be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
may be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
be galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
galled that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
that you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
you ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
ve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
an uneven look into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
all of the filmmakers  calculations ca nt rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
there s only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
s only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy  cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for lrb or worth rooting against  for that matter rrb .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about  you re far better served by the source material .
what s missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens  deviant behaviour .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
it s a bad action movie because there s no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i ca nt compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and i know this because i ve seen  jackass  the movie .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest  but the film is so bleak that it s hardly watchable .
if there was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body  a rumor of angels should dispel it .
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
would benigni s italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
this starts off with a 1950 s doris day feel and it gets very ugly  very fast .
lrb davis rrb wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches is nt exactly endearing .
attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
stealing harvard does nt care about cleverness  wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism  but it s really nothing more than warmedover cold war paranoia .
but this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwai s vaunted empathy .
the characters  are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
i m not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
m not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeare s macbeth does nt sustain a high enough level of invention .
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dimwitted .
neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
sit through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
koepp s screenplay is nt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
one of the film s stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture s moral schizophrenia .
the highconcept scenario soon proves preposterous  the acting is robotically italicized  and truthinadvertising hounds take note .
far too clever by half  howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
the three leads produce adequate performances  but what s missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
boldly stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
it s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
s as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
a bored cage spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
the catch is that they re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make jk rowling s marvelous series into a deadly bore .
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce  lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
is of brian de palma s addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard  it s icky .
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but it s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over  but .
it s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
s a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
a bad sign when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
when you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
you re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
re rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid .
she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
but one thing s for sure  it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
is so prolonged and boring it is nt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who s who in this pretentious mess .
it could have been something special  but two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploe s misunderstanding of marivaux s rhythms  and mira sorvino s limitations as a classical actress .
drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploe s misunderstanding of marivaux s rhythms  and mira sorvino s limitations as a classical actress .
a summary of the plot does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does nt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle  there is nt much there here .
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
i do nt blame eddie murphy but should nt owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script .
it s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
s also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
it s also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are  edgy .
there are many definitions of  time waster  but this movie must surely be one of them .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet  lrb denis  rrb story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
this wouldbe  james bond for the extreme generation  pic is one big  dumb action movie .
the directing and story are disjointed  flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor s doorstep .
imagine lrb if possible rrb a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor  and you have some idea of the glum  numb experience of watching o fantasma .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
ballistic  ecks vs sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
like bartleby  is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and there s nothing to drink .
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
is a fragmented film  once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
but the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .
exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
somewhere lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it ca nt really be called animation .
it s obvious lrb jegyu is rrb trying for poetry  what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
the movie s ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
all comedy is subversive  but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
is mildmannered  beenthere material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant  the outrageous .
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
even if you re an elvis person  you wo nt find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
it s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i would nt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
mctiernan s remake may be lighter on its feet  the soberminded original was as graceful as a tapdancing rhino  but it is just as boring and as obvious .
could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
and it s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
s harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
merely lrb and literally rrb tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
lrb and literally rrb tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
if we re to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she s french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they re clueless and inept .
once one experiences mr haneke s own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in one s mouth  and little else .
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
the only entertainment you ll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them .
do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a socalled  comedy  and not laugh once .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and .
this remake of lina wertmuller s 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john .
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
putting the primitive murderer inside a hightech space station unleashes a pandora s box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
a pandora s box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito s early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
lrb n rrb o matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
i ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
ca nt begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
while howard s appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film  but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan s platinumblonde hair .
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
lrb less a movie than rrb an appalling  odoriferous thing  so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you ll want to crawl up your own  in embarrassment .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
it makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text .
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story  but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter s invention .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender  9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
it s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
s the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  it s one of the worst of the entire franchise .
suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie s servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
what more can be expected from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
can be expected from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
i think it was plato who said   i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
s dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
lazy filmmaking  with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
for its 100 minutes running time  you ll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian s inane ramblings  stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr drew barrymore .
offers not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
are limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and that s where this film should have remained .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
there s no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot  surprises  are really surprising .
it s loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
sheridan s take on the author s schoolboy memoir  is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
lrb swimfan rrb falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt  miss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a ca nt .
has none of the crackle of  fatal attraction    9 12 weeks   or even  indecent proposal   and feels more like lyne s stolid remake of  lolita .
takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but .
it s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
s been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
it s clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
s clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was  i would go back and choose to skip it .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was .
bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that s enough to sustain laughs .
sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
feels as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it .
the movie has a script lrb by paul pender rrb made of wood  and it s relentlessly folksy  a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
after seeing the film  i can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
i can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
the result  however wellintentioned  is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
an incoherent jumble of a film that s rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
it s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
an appalling  ace ventura  ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho s .
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
is still topheavy with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
bread  my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
it would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
be rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
rendered tedious by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
by avary s failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
all the movie s narrative gymnastics ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
ca nt disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
disguise the fact that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
that it s inauthentic at its core and that its story just is nt worth telling .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered  but .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens  novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
a movie like ballistic  ecks vs sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
it s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
s difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film .
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film .
the following things are not at all entertaining  the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld lrb who is also one of the film s producers rrb do everything he can to look like a good guy .
the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld lrb who is also one of the film s producers rrb do everything he can to look like a good guy .
all the queen s men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
has all the trappings of an energetic  extremesports adventure  but ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
a zombie movie in every sense of the word  mindless  lifeless  meandering  loud  painful  obnoxious .
for independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
it s so badly made on every level that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
s so badly made on every level that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
so badly made on every level that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
at one man s occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois .
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone s crazy french grandfather .
fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way .
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles .
parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
k19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories .
common sense flies out the window  along with the hail of bullets  none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
both overstuffed and undernourished  the film ca nt be called a solid success  although there s plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
long before it s over  you ll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
one of those strained caper movies that s hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
strained caper movies that s hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
hypnotically dull  relentlessly downbeat  laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteenyearold s suicidal poetry .
has made the nearfatal mistake of being what the english call  too clever by half .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock s fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child s interest and an adult s patience .
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child s interest and an adult s patience .
is surely one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal .
whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets .
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
watch barbershop again if you re in need of a cube fix  this is nt worth sitting through .
could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and michele s spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight  and the whole of the proceedings beg the question  why .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight  and .
is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
a lowbudget affair  tadpole was shot on digital video  and the images often look smeary and blurry  to the point of distraction .
he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb .
do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix  i have just one word for you   decasia .
if you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
you re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
re the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
will have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors  morgan freeman and ashley judd .
rob schneider s infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
we ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
ca nt accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie .
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
his lrb nelson s rrb screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that does nt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it s only a movie .
it is nt that stealing harvard is a horrible movie  if only it were that grand a failure .
is nt that stealing harvard is a horrible movie  if only it were that grand a failure .
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie  if only it were that grand a failure .
for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
mr deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of notsofunny gags  scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of notsofunny gags  scattered moments of lazy humor .
it s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
s dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
madonna has made herself over so often now  there s apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jackson s nose .
there s apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jackson s nose .
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
is that it s a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that does nt and a thriller that wo nt .
ultimate x is the gabbiest giantscreen movie ever  bogging down in a barrage of hype .
no one involved  save dash  shows the slightest aptitude for acting  and the script  credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest  tron  anderson  seems entirely improvised .
is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i m not sure could be a single iota worse  a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea  the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
lrb creates rrb the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
no amount of nostalgia for carvey s glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
struts about with  courage  pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
it s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
s too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
true to its animatronic roots   as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus   the country bears  should never have been brought out of hibernation .
the biggest problem with roger avary s uproar against the mpaa is that  even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
is that  even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
that  even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
is mostly a lump of runofthemill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
it looks like an action movie  but it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
it s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
s so poorly made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
one sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering you ll wonder if lopez s publicist should share screenwriting credit .
her fans walked out muttering words like  horrible  and  terrible   but had so much fun dissing the film that they did nt mind the ticket cost .
walked out muttering words like  horrible  and  terrible   but had so much fun dissing the film that they did nt mind the ticket cost .
had so much fun dissing the film that they did nt mind the ticket cost .
i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
like its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through .
is a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
sheridan is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
a fourthrate jim carrey who does nt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca nt overcome  but .
it s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
s so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x  look positively shakesperean by comparison .
i have returned from the beyond to warn you  this movie is 90 minutes long  and life is too short .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
so formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and it s a sad  sick sight .
s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume  he has no clue about making a movie .
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
is a remake by the numbers  linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games  we get a cinematic postcard that s superficial and unrealized .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching .
familiar and predictable  and 45ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than lrb writerdirector rrb franc .
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than lrb writerdirector rrb franc .
this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
a pintsized  goodfellas  designed to appeal to the younger set  it s not a very good movie in any objective sense .
american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
the movie is nt painfully bad  something to be  fully experienced   it s just tediously bad  something to be fully forgotten .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document  its makers are nt removed and inquisitive enough for that .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something .
it was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
was nt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
in the end  the movie bogs down in insignificance  saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
the movie bogs down in insignificance  saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
bogs down in insignificance  saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
there s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
the choppy editing to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line .
to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line .
some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca nt wait to see end .
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
plays like a badly edited  91minute trailer lrb and rrb the director ca nt seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
you expect more from director michael apted lrb enigma rrb and screenwriter nicholas kazan lrb reversal of fortune rrb than this cliche pileup .
is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
what s most offensive is nt the waste of a good cast  but the film s denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
named the husband  the wife and the kidnapper  emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
is unsettling  from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai s villainous father to the endless action sequences .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications  that have no bearing on the story .
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
do nt expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  you d want to smash its face in .
ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
an awful lot like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
like one of lrb spears  rrb music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
about as enjoyable  i would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
i would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces  positively dreadful .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
this is the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
is the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
that usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
usually goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
goes straight to video  with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography .
it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
it s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside  and i do nt think that ac will help this movie one bit .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous   the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
it s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof  which they is nt  it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year s worst cinematic tragedies .
you ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
a loud  lowbudget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism  urban drama .
lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
some kid who ca nt act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
it s a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
s the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
you ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
ll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week s issue of variety .
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
there s not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
is that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old  would have a good time here .
of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again  that in itself is commentary enough .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wo nt be sitting through this one again .
shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
the irwins  scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
it s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
s hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
not at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting .
poorly acted  brainslappingly bad  harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
is actually dying a slow death  if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
dying a slow death  if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
it s hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
s hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
despite the fact that this film was nt as bad as i thought it was going to be  it s still not a good movie .
a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
franco is an excellent choice for the walledoff but combustible hustler  but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
lrb lee rrb treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great  i m not  and then i realized that i just did nt care .
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
trouble every day is a success in some sense  but it s hard to like a film so cold and dead .
schneider s mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
is that its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
that its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
attal s hangups surrounding infidelity are so oldfashioned and  dare i say  outdated  it s a wonder that he could nt have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
s unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
cuba gooding jr valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs  but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
martin lawrence live  is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
falls back on too many triedandtrue shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
it s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
s supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
releasing a film with the word  dog  in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
one ca nt shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hourandahalflong commercial for britney s latest album .
ca nt shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hourandahalflong commercial for britney s latest album .
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
this is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
should nt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
deeply biased  and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe .
we get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
completely awful iranian drama  as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and it s neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
the film s considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
i ve never seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
ve never seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
seen lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability  all you have left .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability .
is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad .
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
gaping plot holes sink this  sub   standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
s a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
what you expect is just what you get  assuming the bar of expectations has nt been raised above sixthgrade height .
is to see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
it s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
i m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening  but it s stupid .
i m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
the characters are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
it s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
nothing about the film  with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley s breasts  is authentic .
shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
an unholy mess  driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you ll find in this dreary mess .
creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling  shamelessly manipulative and contrived  and totally lacking in conviction .
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling  shamelessly manipulative and contrived  and totally lacking in conviction .
does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen  then laughs at how clever it s being .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue  all credibility flies out the window .
it s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is expressly for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
for idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
idiots who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
lrb t rrb his slop does nt even have potential as a cult film  as it s too loud to shout insults at the screen .
does nt even have potential as a cult film  as it s too loud to shout insults at the screen .
as if trying to grab a lump of playdoh  the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
lrb macdowell rrb ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart  mind or humor of its own .
it s the kind of underinspired  overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil  bow wow .
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and  really  nobody in the viewing audience cares .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and  really .
mass druginduced bowel evacuations  and nonetoofunny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric  scream .
a thoroughly awful movie  dumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy  a weird amalgam of  the thing  and a geriatric .
carvey s rubberface routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
distinctly subpar  more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers  time with a gobbler like this .
she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
does nt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director s previous work .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
it s painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
fred schepisi s film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
to be influenced chiefly by humanity s greatest shame  reality shows  reality shows for god s sake .
s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
whether it s the worst movie of 2002  i ca nt say for sure  memories of rollerball have faded  and i skipped country bears .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
wimps out by going for that pg13 rating  so the more graphic violence is mostly offscreen and .
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other  but in the end  it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie  but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources  bad mixture .
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention  but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced  it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
it s a pity that lrb nelson s rrb achievement does nt match his ambition .
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
for the future  one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
does nt come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
next week  why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies .
i can imagine this movie as a b  w british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al  but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
burns  fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
it appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
hits every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
like a soft drink that s been sitting open too long  it s too much syrup and not enough fizz .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden  if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
a blair witch  style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
it s not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned  the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s  despite a few whopping shootouts .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca nt save it .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
broomfield s style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
one thing s for sure  if george romero had directed this movie  it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
be forewarned  if you re depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
does nt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
the movie is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
slackers  jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the film s biggest problem  and .
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
the original was nt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
a 94minute travesty of unparalleled proportions  writerdirector parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
lrb hell is rrb looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is nt even halfway through .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece  the picture begins to resemble the shapeless  grasping actors  workshop that it is .
come as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank .
the paradiso s rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the film s final lrb restored rrb third  emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
it s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
unfortunately  kapur modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
maybe you ll be lucky  and there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
there ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
ll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
imagine o henry s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc s drug scene .
it s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
it might not be 1970s animation  but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full  irritating display in lrb this rrb meandering and pointless french comingofage import from writerdirector annesophie birot .
is on full  irritating display in lrb this rrb meandering and pointless french comingofage import from writerdirector annesophie birot .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
represents the worst kind of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
in other words  about as bad a film you re likely to see all year .
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
by the time you reach the finale  you re likely wondering why you ve been watching all this strutting and posturing .
it s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr  but there is nt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script  it s simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr  but there is nt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece  so dull that its tagline should be   in space  no one can hear you snore .
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb fills me with revulsion .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
the film s trailer also looked like crap  so crap is what i was expecting .
should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
the film s lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
it s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
there s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
s not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright  then blood work is for you .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are nt very bright .
is badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
a plotline that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
that s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
s as lumpy as twoday old porridge  the filmmakers  paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
s no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
no amount of arty theorizing  the special effects are  germanexpressionist   according to the press notes  can render it anything but laughable .
haneke s script lrb from elfriede jelinek s novel rrb is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
those decadesspanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
mr soderbergh s direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
i m not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and the movie s fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and .
the story of trouble every day  is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
after you laugh once lrb maybe twice rrb  you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
you ll forget about it by monday  though  and if they re old enough to have developed some taste  so will your kids .
no cute factor here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
if you re really renting this you re not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices .
it does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
does nt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum  and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
generates little narrative momentum  and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really does nt have much to say beyond the news .
it s always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic .
s always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic .
when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic .
a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic .
a frustrating  tweener   too slick  contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
hoffman s quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses  become annoying and artificial .
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you ve been sitting still .
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you ve been sitting still .
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
does nt really know or care about the characters  and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
authentic account of a historical event that s far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then you re in for a painful ride .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with .
like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with .
the sheer dumbness of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
the sheer dumbness of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
quite frankly  i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
it made me feel unclean  and i m the guy who liked there s something about mary and both american pie movies .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
imagine kevin smith  the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey  if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pellmell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
there are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
has turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused  excruciatingly tedious cinema that  half an hour in  starts making water torture seem appealing .
turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused  excruciatingly tedious cinema that  half an hour in  starts making water torture seem appealing .
the gander  some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
even fans of ismail merchant s work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
there s little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
s little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
kung pow is oedekerk s realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
it s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
s like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
does nt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde s wit and the actors  performances .
the latest vapid actor s exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler s reigen .
there s very little sense to what s going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
they re the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
re the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
i m sure the filmmaker would disagree  but  honestly  i do nt see the point .
a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes .
coming down off of miramax s deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon  is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by there s something about mary cowriter ed decter .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
report card  does nt live up to the exalted tagline  there s definite room for improvement .
lrb green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
green is rrb the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
i m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
m just about ready to go to the un and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
do nt believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is nt very funny .
and if you appreciate the onesided theme to lawrence s overindulgent tirade  then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
if you appreciate the onesided theme to lawrence s overindulgent tirade  then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest .
has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
swinging  the film makes it seem  is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
it s hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
the film does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
does nt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
like the world of his film  hartley created a monster but did nt know how to handle it .
feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
there s a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
seems to have in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
in mind an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
an lrb emotionally at least rrb adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times  and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
if you saw it on tv  you d probably turn it off  convinced that you had already seen that movie .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory  but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug selfsatisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
is depressing  ruthlessly pained and depraved  the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
ve been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the film s predictable denouement .
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the film s predictable denouement .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with   everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
a superfluous sequel  plagued by that old familiar feeling of  let s get this thing over with .
n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
of an overripe episode of tv s dawson s creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
that does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
does nt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
so bad it does nt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
they threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
threw loads of money at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
at an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
an idea that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
that should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
should ve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had .
does so many of the little things right that it s difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
that it s difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers  and circles it obsessively  without making contact .
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz s social critique  casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur s professional injuries .
ultimately  sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
sarah s dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row .
is nt as sharp as the original  despite some visual virtues   blade ii  just does nt cut it .
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
sadly  though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they ca nt generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
there s no indication that he s been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
a wellintentioned effort that s still too burdened by the actor s offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
lrb allen s rrb been making piffle for a long while  and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title  amounts to surprisingly little .
a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title  amounts to surprisingly little .
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is nt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot  lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
lrb but rrb from a mere story point of view  the film s ice cold .
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart  very meticulously but without any passion .
the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart  very meticulously but without any passion .
waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters  striving solipsism .
i just saw this movie  well  it s probably not accurate to call it a movie .
the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something .
is what comes from taking john carpenter s ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings .
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation  and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einstein s brain .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but .
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego does nt always go hand in hand with talent .
must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart .
plays up the cartoon s more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
despite slick production values and director roger michell s ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
here s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
s a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
in one scene  we get a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantino s climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes .
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantino s climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes .
a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantino s climactic shootout  and .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic .
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic .
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project realtime roots .
even with its  50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
like most of jaglom s films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly was nt feeling any of it .
this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
the young stars are too cute  the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative  the message is too blatant .
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
a film that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you  or it will lessen it .
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
may look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
look classy in a 60s  homage pokepie hat  but as a character he s dry  dry  dry .
from mtv schmucks who do nt know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so we re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
there s no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joan s prefeminist plight  so .
re left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities  but it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
it s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
s the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek s selfconscious scrutiny to happen .
a lovely trifle that  unfortunately  is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though it s one of the most plain white toast comic book films .
it s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and .
s about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days .
emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
gets the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
the impression the creators of do nt ask do nt tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign .
green ruins every single scene he s in  and the film  while it s not completely wreaked  is seriously compromised by that .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it .
is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject s mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
stare and sniffle  respectively  as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
falsehoods pile up  undermining the movie s reality and stifling its creator s comic voice .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt s gentle  endearing 1975 children s novel .
a stale copy of a picture that was nt all that great to begin with .
falls short of first contact because the villain could nt pick the lint off borg queen alice krige s cape  and finishes half a parsec lrb a nose rrb ahead of generations .
because the villain could nt pick the lint off borg queen alice krige s cape  and finishes half a parsec lrb a nose rrb ahead of generations .
the film s darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie s presentation  which is way too stagy .
how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this  i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies  underwear .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this .
ver wiel s desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
cacoyannis  vision is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he s dissecting  and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he s dissecting  and .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he s dissecting .
employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
poetically states at one point in this movie that we  do nt care about the truth .
light the candles  bring out the cake and do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl .
do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
undone by a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
a filmmaking methodology that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
that s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
s just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longley s film lacks balance  and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
twentythree movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career  clint eastwood s efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
the superior plotline is nt quite enough to drag along the dead lrb water rrb weight of the other .
is nt quite enough to drag along the dead lrb water rrb weight of the other .
the cast and crew did nt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and .
in theory  a middleaged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising  but in practice it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
in practice it s something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution  winds up seeming just a little too clever .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen  his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen  his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and .
has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
despite juliet stevenon s attempt to bring cohesion to pamela s emotional roller coaster life .
so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they re simply not funny performers .
seem great to knock back a beer with but they re simply not funny performers .
coal is nt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children s stockings .
it shares the first two films  loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
japan s wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good .
not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good .
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
white has nt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but there s nothing very attractive about this movie .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and an old payne screenplay .
a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begley s source novel lrb about schmidt rrb and .
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
can not disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
disguise the slack complacency of lrb godard s rrb vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
were dylan thomas alive to witness firsttime director ethan hawke s strained chelsea walls  he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to   do not go gentle into that good theatre .
an unintentionally surreal kid s picture  in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i ve seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gutbusting laughs  its digs at modern society are all things we ve seen before .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
seem less of a trifle if ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
less of a trifle if ms sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
adored the full monty so resoundingly that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
that you re dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington s fine performance in the title role .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley s flopping dolphingasm .
ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for  it s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
s sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering  may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering .
being unique does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
does nt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
like the hanks character  he s a slow study  the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
but  in trying to capture the novel s deeper intimate resonances  the film has  ironically  distanced us from the characters .
in trying to capture the novel s deeper intimate resonances  the film has  ironically  distanced us from the characters .
there s a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight comingofagecomingout tale .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious  at ninety minutes  it drags .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm s performance  the film would be a total washout .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm s performance .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
i admire it and yet can not recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
admire it and yet can not recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
that s muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy s sledgehammer sap .
the  true story  by which all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
all the queen s men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what s been cobbled together onscreen .
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
glizty but formulaic and silly  cagney s  top of the world  has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context  but barbershop is nt as funny as it should be .
to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
with mcconaughey in an entirely ironyfree zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids  there s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
with mcconaughey in an entirely ironyfree zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids .
s not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
they presume their audience wo nt sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
it does nt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002 .
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
despite its hawaiian setting  the sciencefiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick  the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom  you d be wise to send your regrets .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration .
a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration .
a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film .
adapts to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
perry s good and his is an interesting character  but  serving sara  has nt much more to serve than silly fluff .
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say .
might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
is a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
in between all the emotional seesawing  it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
it s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
s hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc  to do the subject matter justice .
matrix   style massacres erupt throughout  but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafkainspired philosophy .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fool s gold .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
everything we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
we hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
hold dear about cinema  only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
only now it s begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon  but showtime s uninspired sendup of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
throws quirky characters  odd situations  and offkilter dialogue at us  all as if to say   look at this .
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
does nt get the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
the movie s biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
fans of plympton s shorts may marginally enjoy the film  but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
the santa clause 2 s plot may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
for all its social and political potential  state property does nt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams  even though her performance is more interesting lrb and funnier rrb than his .
like a fish that s lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
if you re not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
labute ca nt avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
he s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
s changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
an american  a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
a choice that upsets the novel s exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
the film is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script .
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get .
once the downward spiral comes to pass  auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be .
it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
the star who helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer s new action film   the sum of all fears .
that s so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer .
like many western action films  this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing  but its heartfelt concern about north korea s recent past and south korea s future adds a much needed moral weight .
call me a cynic  but there s something awfully deadly about any movie with a lifeaffirming message .
to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor s preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
full frontal  which opens today nationwide  could almost be classified as a movieindustry satire  but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre s definitive  if disingenuous  feature .
is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged .
all the small moments and flashbacks do nt add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
it s enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
s enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
ll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes  here .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema  unbreakable and signs .
two signs that m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema .
m night shyamalan s debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema .
little to elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests it s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
s impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  it s too long and .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 s .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do nt want to think too much about what s going on .
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but .
can be classified as one of those  alternate reality  movies  except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
winds up moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
crap on a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
a leash  far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
while the humor aspects of  jason x  were far more entertaining than i had expected  everything else about the film tanks .
ritchie s film is easier to swallow than wertmuller s polemical allegory  but it s selfdefeatingly decorous .
before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche  no such thing is hartley s least accessible screed yet .
should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence  and .
lrb soderbergh rrb tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience s intelligence .
that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash .
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
proves that it s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
it s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
s easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film  but .
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script s bad ideas and awkwardness .
it s just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
if you re not fans of the adventues of steve and terri  you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake .
s worth  with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
it lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
is put in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
in an impossible spot because his character s deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing you ll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it s a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake  ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
wes craven s presence is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
is felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
felt  not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
not the craven of  a nightmare on elm street  or  the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of  deadly friend .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it s not clear whether we re supposed to shriek or laugh .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it s not clear whether we re supposed to shriek or .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it s not clear whether we re supposed to shriek .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca nt remember a single name responsible for it .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death  but boyd s film offers little else of consequence .
while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
the movie s somethingborrowed construction feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story .
decidedly flimsier with its many outsized  out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
it s not the worst comedy of the year  but it certainly wo nt win any honors .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
do nt derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
the movie turns out to be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
mattei so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
so completely loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
loses himself to the film s circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
no better or worse than  truth or consequences  nm  or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia .
despite its promising cast of characters  big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that  zany  does nt necessarily mean  funny .
older men drink to excess  piss on trees  bs one another and put on a show in drag .
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but ultimately you ll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
this movie is so bad  that it s almost worth seeing because it s so bad .
is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy .
christian bale s quinn lrb is rrb a leather clad grungepirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a windtunnel and a simply astounding corblimeyluvaduck cockney accent .
s quinn lrb is rrb a leather clad grungepirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a windtunnel and a simply astounding corblimeyluvaduck cockney accent .
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so .
yes  i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care .
a  home alone  film that is staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
staged like  rosemary s baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
i m convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
give shapiro  goldman  and bolado credit for good intentions  but there s nothing here that they could nt have done in half an hour .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
the movie s wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker s flailing reputation .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb .
have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then there s always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie .
suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
the good and different idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances .
idea lrb of middleaged romance rrb is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances .
as an introduction to the man s theories and influence  derrida is all but useless .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
is one of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
one of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
of those crazy  mixedup films that does nt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film  it s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
s not even a tv special you d bother watching past the second commercial break .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama   but .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased  drama .
though harris is affecting at times  he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
i d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
d be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of  eh .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
is a dud  a romantic comedy that s not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
is now stretched to barely feature length  with a little more attention paid to the animation .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and it s quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
the movie s major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and .
would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
it s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
s a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh s traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
tykwer s surface flash is nt just a poor fit with kieslowski s lyrical pessimism .
which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
about half of them are funny  a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story  which is paperthin and decidedly unoriginal .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
brosnan s finest nonbondish performance yet fails to overcome the film s manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it s nowhere near as exciting as either .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely .
the audacity to view one of shakespeare s better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is  overall  far too staid for its subject matter .
to supply too much of the energy in a film that is  overall  far too staid for its subject matter .
supply too much of the energy in a film that is  overall  far too staid for its subject matter .
more dutiful than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
than enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
enchanting  terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the lrb teen comedy rrb genre a bad name .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
for all its shootouts  fistfights  and car chases  this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
tedious it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
it makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
makes the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
fools who saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
saw quentin tarantino s handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion  grandeur  shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
lisa rinzler s cinematography may be lovely  but love liza s tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
it s provocative stuff  but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
is hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
hampered by taylor s cartoonish performance and the film s illconsidered notion that hitler s destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
is that there is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
there is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
is really only one movie s worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters .
silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
the film did nt convince me that calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
did nt convince me that calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang s forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
a beyondlame satire  teddy bears  picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writeractor .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker s characteristic style .
the pace of the film is very slow lrb for obvious reasons rrb and that too becomes offputting .
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
s just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
his shortest  the hole  which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
empire ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
ca nt make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
the script by vincent r nebrida  tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
lrb she s a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who ca nt help herself rrb .
was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless  70s blaxploitation shuckandjive sitcom .
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
spiderman is about growing strange hairs  getting a more mature body  and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
the fact that the  best part  of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demme s good films does nt bode well for the rest of it .
the fact that the  best part  of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demme s good films .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where it s supposed to feel funny and light .
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr chicken .
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo nt much care about .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking man s monster movie .
too hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
hard to be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
be funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
funny in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
in a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
a way that s too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
this sade is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama .
you do nt need to know your icet s from your coolj s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
to know your icet s from your coolj s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
your icet s from your coolj s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
s to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
obviously  a lot of people wasted a lot of their time lrb including mine rrb on something very inconsequential .
is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
just is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead s specific gifts .
is nt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier .
is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
ll swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
swear that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
that you ve seen it all before  even if you ve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
wellwritten television series where you ve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wo nt see the next six .
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wo nt win many fans over the age of 12 .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers  a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
just did nt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on .
did nt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on .
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns  sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
the tuxedo was nt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it   hungryman portions of bad .
human nature  in short  is nt nearly as funny as it thinks it is  neither is it as smart .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business .
it does nt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again .
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there s a little girlongirl action .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
cassavetes thinks he s making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all he s done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
when not wallowing in its characters  frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
just when you think you are making sense of it  something happens that tells you there is no sense .
did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger s sex life  it already has one strike against it .
is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself does nt stand a ghost of a chance .
s surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
those who are not acquainted with the author s work  on the other hand  may fall fast asleep .
the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
as they come  already having been recycled more times than i d care to count .
the whole thing s fairly lame  making it par for the course for disney sequels .
a visionary marvel  but it s lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art .
be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone .
no  i do nt know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or .
steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good .
outside of burger s desire to make some kind of film  it s really unclear why this project was undertaken .
an uneven look into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k dick stories .
into a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
a grim future that does nt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy  but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does nt do a load of good .
conforms itself with creating a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
a game of  who s who   where the characters  moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the film s creepy .
cleancut dahmer lrb jeremy renner rrb and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
the film s final hour  where nearly all the previous unseen material resides  is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for lrb or worth rooting against  for that matter rrb .
give his audience a single character worth rooting for lrb or worth rooting against  for that matter rrb .
one that s been told by countless filmmakers about italian   chinese   irish   latin   indian   russian .
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang s forte and it shows .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen .
nelson s intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
what s infuriating about full frontal is that it s too close to real life to make sense .
lrb stevens is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
stevens is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
is rrb so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation .
scoobydoo does nt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
does nt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
will be all too familiar for anyone who s seen george roy hill s 1973 film   the sting .
showtime is nt particularly assaultive  but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid .
but first  you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one s appetite for the bollywood films .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding .
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon .
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon .
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
s all gratuitous before long  as if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
as if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
lrb toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard  blends uneasily with the titillating material .
lrb toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
toback s rrb fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard .
the director mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
mostly plays it straight  turning leys  fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2  purportedly a children s movie  is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
if disney s cinderella proved that  a dream is a wish your heart makes   then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio s wallet makes .
offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
synthetic  is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
the quiet american is nt a bad film  it s just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb  the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and .
the skills of a calculus major at mit are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
have poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe .
jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except .
there was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
was any doubt that peter ofallon did nt have an original bone in his body .
the new film of anton chekhov s the cherry orchard puts the  ick  in  classic .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside  the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
do nt get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
is so contrived  nonsensical and formulaic that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
jane learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want  but .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want .
despite its visual virtuosity   naqoyqatsi  is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism  but .
although sensitive to a fault  it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
it s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
s often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
if festival in cannes nails hard  boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy  much about the film  including some of its casting  is frustratingly unconvincing .
often silly  and gross  but it s rarely as moronic as some campus grossout films .
with all its flaws  is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
i never thought i d say this  but i d much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies .
like a highbrow  lowkey  102minute infomercial  blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxville s stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
while certainly clever in spots  this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeare s macbeth does nt sustain a high enough level of invention .
zellweger s whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler s latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
it wo nt harm anyone  but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
taken outside the context of the current political climate lrb see  terrorists are more evil than ever  rrb .
is nt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
super troopers suffers because it does nt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
shunji iwai s all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
the highconcept scenario soon proves preposterous  the acting is robotically italicized  and truthinadvertising hounds take note  there s very little hustling on view .
in any case  i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 s forget paris .
howard s film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
with cheapo animation lrb like saturday morning tv in the 60s rrb  a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
cheapo animation lrb like saturday morning tv in the 60s rrb  a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made  how could it not be .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art  it s an unhappy situation all around .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
the picture s cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
you d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
d be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous lrb than leon rrb .
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
you ll laugh for not quite and hour and a half  but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
ll laugh for not quite and hour and a half  but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
lrb a rrb boldly stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
godard uses his characters  if that s not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
godard uses his characters  if that s not too glorified a term  as art things .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses  but nonetheless it drags during its 112minute length .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
that made the full monty a smashing success  but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
spent the duration of the film s shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
whatever the movie s sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
he probably would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action .
noyce s greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
is that they re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
that they re stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos  particularly where whitaker s misfit artist is concerned .
to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and .
s a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
you do nt know whether to admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
do nt know whether to admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
whether to admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
admire the film s stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
seems more tacky and reprehensible  manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
a hit  andmiss affair  consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma s addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging  which gradually turns what time is it there .
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging  which gradually turns what time is it there .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment  the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
to hurry up and get to its subjects  deaths just so the documentary will be over .
s indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
as an older woman who seduces oscar  the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it .
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
shake up the mix  and work in something that does nt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom s selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  it s still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is nt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent  could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploe s misunderstanding of marivaux s rhythms  and mira sorvino s limitations as a classical actress .
lrb t rrb he script is nt up to the level of the direction  nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi s nowcliched vampire accent .
for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
the re  enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
school experience that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
that plays better only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
only for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
for the film s publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film s characters .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue  just because it seems obligatory .
a few hours after you ve seen it  you forget you ve been to the movies .
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
it wants to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
she lets her love depraved leads meet  lrb denis  rrb story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
lets her love depraved leads meet  lrb denis  rrb story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
it s sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
if you re not totally weirded  out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle .
imagine lrb if possible rrb a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor  and .
imagine lrb if possible rrb a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one  or she s gonna make you feel like you owe her bigtime .
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull  rodrigues s beastwithin metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
rodrigues s beastwithin metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
if sinise s character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
it s impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
of janice beard lrb eileen walsh rrb when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
a supernatural mystery that does nt know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government  marinelegal mystery  and that s because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke s artistic aspirations  but he has nt yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and .
star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up .
are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
lrb screenwriter rrb pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
the movie that does nt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
lrb siegel rrb and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
supposedly  pokemon ca nt be killed  but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and .
what the audience feels is exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
is exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb  sour  bloody and mean .
exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark lrb dark green  to be exact rrb .
lies  footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen .
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen .
is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
while dark water is nt a complete wash lrb no pun intended rrb  watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
it s light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness  and there are moments of jawdroppingly odd behavior .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and that s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and .
that s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
s a bad sign when they re supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children s television .
what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
the thing about guys like evans is this  you re never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins .
it s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline  everything that s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that s just too boring and obvious .
it s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
everything that s good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that s just too boring and obvious .
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it does nt .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention .
it s an odd show  pregnant with moods  stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well  but quite frankly  scoob and shag do nt eat enough during the film .
i know we re not supposed to take it seriously  but i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
i ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
ca nt shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
resident evil is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
is nt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but it s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
s unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald s  let alone some savvy street activism .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  is nt much fun without the highs and lows .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearold s book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at women s expense .
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  lrb franco rrb has all of dean s mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
has all of dean s mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  is nt really one of resources .
like nothing quite so much as a middleaged moviemaker s attempt to surround himself with beautiful  halfnaked women .
nothing quite so much as a middleaged moviemaker s attempt to surround himself with beautiful  halfnaked women .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
broomfield has compelling new material but he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
return to never land is much more pc than the original version lrb no more racist portraits of indians  for instance rrb  but the excitement is missing .
lrb janey rrb forgets about her other obligations  leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
forgets about her other obligations  leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
he s just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery  and the film seems as deflated as he does .
it s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
s clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgm s shelf .
if the full monty was a freshman fluke  lucky break is lrb cattaneo rrb sophomore slump .
hardcore slasher aficionados will find things to like  but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
i do nt think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
adam sandler s heart may be in the right place  but he needs to pull his head out of his butt .
shows that jackie chan is getting older  and that s something i would rather live in denial about .
there s no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt s plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
s no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt s plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt s plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
whenever you think you ve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy .
tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy .
like a grinning jack o  lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title .
one of the most depressing moviegoing experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a socalled  comedy  and not laugh once .
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
to activate girlish tear ducts does nt mean it s good enough for our girls .
it s far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
s far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america s kneejerk moral sanctimony  jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and .
where exciting  inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say  jane campion might have done  but at least it possesses some .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love does nt galvanize its outrage the way  say .
look at how western foreign policy  however well intentioned  can wreak havoc in other cultures .
for a film that s being advertised as a comedy  sweet home alabama is nt as funny as you d hoped .
behan s memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  it s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
it s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
s hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
the kind of softcore twaddle you d expect to see on showtime s  red shoe diaries .
it s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
s hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperor s club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
the emperor s club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
adam sandler s 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures  perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
its energy ca nt compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes .
it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
what we have here is nt a disaster  exactly  but a very handsomely produced letdown .
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise  only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh s rise up the social ladder .
come away wishing  though  that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
wishing  though  that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
silly stuff  all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca nt quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this is nt .
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle s walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
about one in three gags in white s intermittently wise script hits its mark  the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teenexploitation playbook .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters  but it s smooth and professional .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters  but .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters .
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
there s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
s something unintentionally comic in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product s unshapely look  director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
while not all that bad of a movie  it s nowhere near as good as the original .
writerdirector michael kalesniko s how to kill your neighbor s dog is slight but unendurable .
overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
about this traditional thriller  moderately successful but not completely satisfying  is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
well  jason s gone to manhattan and hell  i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels lrb hey  do nt shoot the messenger rrb .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderbergh s space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for .
well  i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
i m not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
stephen earnhart s documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when it s really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
everything about girls ca nt swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and .
all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter s invention .
will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger  with a physique to match  lrb ahola rrb has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
lrb ahola rrb has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does nt produce any real transformation .
lyne s latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
lrb evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
evans is rrb a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
as underwater ghost stories go  below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
russell lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommers s titlebout features .
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
there s nothing exactly wrong here  but there s not nearly enough that s right .
i suspect that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
that you ll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it .
quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
bean drops the ball too many times  hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms spears .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni s pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
this overlong infomercial  due out on video before month s end  is tepid and tedious .
the film is way too full of itself  it s stuffy and pretentious in a givemeanoscar kind of way .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amari s film falls short in building the drama of lilia s journey .
an admitted egomaniac  evans is no hollywood villain  and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he d gone the way of don simpson .
its refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end .
expected from a college comedy that s target audience has nt graduated from junior high school .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the film s midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it s compelling .
kids do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
do nt mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided there s lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
s deepsixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there s something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
catalog every bodily fluids gag in there s something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
adults  other than the parents  will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
lrb denis  rrb barebones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a 70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
the movie s vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
despite engaging offbeat touches  knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr drew barrymore .
even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed .
the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
if you re looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  you ll need a stronger stomach than us .
you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
feels conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearer s radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
the main story  is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
is compelling enough  but it s difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
chan s stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action or .
limited and so embellished by editing that there s really not much of a sense of action .
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes .
s a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does nt reveal an inner life .
sweet home alabama certainly wo nt be remembered as one of lrb witherspoon s rrb better films .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola s brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
fondly remembered as roman coppola s brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
has none of the crackle of  fatal attraction    9 12 weeks   or even  indecent proposal   and .
has none of the crackle of  fatal attraction    9 12 weeks   or even  indecent proposal .
it does nt make for great cinema  but it is interesting to see where one s imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
it takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie .
but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse .
a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse .
the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the world s most generic rock star .
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie .
they are nt able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
but the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
the movie s narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
filmed on the set of carpenter s the thing and loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
loaded with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
with actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
actors you re most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that s enough to sustain laughs .
as if lrb there s rrb a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of  outrageous gags .
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
you leave feeling like you ve endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
can tell you that there s no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
it s supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength  but it never quite adds up .
it s supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength .
supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength .
be found in sara sugarman s whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
is a negligible work of manipulation  an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilttrip parents .
a negligible work of manipulation  an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilttrip parents .
it s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
s not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
lrb lin chung s rrb voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
irritating lrb at least to this western ear rrb  making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
it s coherent  well shot  and tartly acted  but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
the pairing does sound promising in theory  but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old  familiar vaudeville partners .
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old  familiar vaudeville partners .
s tough being a black man in america  especially when the man has taken away your car  your workhours and denied you health insurance .
a standard policeoriented drama that  were it not for de niro s participation  would have likely wound up a tnt original .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium .
s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  can not overcome blah characters .
is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today s hollywood .
does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
s a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes  finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
there s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck  it s just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
i ca nt say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
impostor ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
ca nt think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
set in a 1986 harlem that does nt look much like anywhere in new york .
this is sandler running on empty  repeating what he s already done way too often .
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho s .
with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niro s righthand goombah .
it s rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar .
the modern remake of dumas s story is long on narrative and lrb too rrb short on action .
may have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  lrb crane rrb becomes more specimen than character  and .
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought they d earn .
it s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
s not only dull because we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
we ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
ve seen lrb eddie rrb murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject .
that beneath the hype  the celebrity  the high life  the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men  promising  talented  charismatic and tragically doomed .
merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet .
serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king .
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
that frenetic spectacle lrb on the tv show rrb has usually been leavened by a charm that s conspicuously missing from the girls  bigscreen blowout .
has usually been leavened by a charm that s conspicuously missing from the girls  bigscreen blowout .
you just do nt care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
just do nt care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
do nt care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich lrb that would be reno rrb gets his comeuppance .
it s easy to love robin tunney  she s pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but does nt quite get there .
to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did nt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness .
suspend your disbelief here and now  or you ll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture  the journey does nt really go anywhere .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity  profanity and violence  labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize there s no place for this story to go but down .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending .
to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending .
rymer does nt trust laughs  and does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
does nt trust laughs  and does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
does nt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
shreve s graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen  and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
terminally bland  painfully slow and needlessly confusing  the movie  shot on digital videotape rather than film  is frequently indecipherable .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter  but the couples exposing themselves are nt all that interesting .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie s lack of ideas .
ice cube is nt quite out of ripe screwball ideas  but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
the obnoxious special effects  the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant  sofiveminutesago pop music on the soundtrack .
ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
is merely annesophie birot s offhanded way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
diane lane s sophisticated performance ca nt rescue adrian lyne s unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
it s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
s only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
after all  it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
it ll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
that i m actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they d need a shower .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
all the bouncing back and forth ca nt help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
like a mediumgrade network sitcom  mostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
is a grating  mannered onscreen presence  which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
if you re over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a driver s license .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one lrb and no one rrb .
is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say  but he is nt talking a talk that appeals to me .
could as easily have been called  under siege 3  in alcatraz   a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr freud .
that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
the film ca nt be called a solid success  although there s plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirtyjoke book done up in posttarantino popculture riffs .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer .
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark  a popinfluenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
it s a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix s .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture .
broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs woo  it looks like woo s a pow .
just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
this lowrent  and even lowerwit  ripoff of the farrelly brothers  oeuvre gets way too mushy  and in a relatively short amount of time .
lrb seagal s rrb strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year s razzie .
like the excruciating end of days  collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure  but .
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
not a strike against yang s similarly themed yi yi  but i found what time .
all too familiar  basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when  angels with dirty faces  appeared in 1938 .
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when  angels with dirty faces  appeared in 1938 .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
it s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
s a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
a few zingers aside  the writing is indifferent  and jordan brady s direction is prosaic .
writerdirector stephen gaghan has made the nearfatal mistake of being what the english call  too clever by half .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes  but ends so horrendously confusing .
it s just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  it s just grating .
despite hoffman s best efforts  wilson remains a silent  lumpish cipher  his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
it s all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it s all about the silences and if you re into that  have at it .
of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience s meat grinder one more time .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and .
though it s not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed  issues  like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
like whether compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
compromise is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
is the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
the death of self  this orgasm lrb wo nt be an rrb exceedingly memorable one for most people .
it s exactly the kind of movie toback s detractors always accuse him of making .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
the first mistake  i suspect  is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student  where s pauly shore as the rocket scientist .
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student  where s pauly shore as the rocket scientist .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie .
it s not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe  but it s far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
feel the screenwriter at every moment  tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away  on this screenplay .
we re left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
re left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp and .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast is nt the least bit mesmerizing .
discards the potential for pathological study  exhuming instead  the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
while it s all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children s party clown gets violently gangraped .
as violent  profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you ve ever seen .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
any film that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
that does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
does nt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country .
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
it all looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
looks and plays like a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
a  40 million version of a game you re more likely to enjoy on a computer .
but how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg .
reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together  and .
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea lrb or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really rrb in sight .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it s worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
what little grace lrb rifkin s rrb tale of precarious skidrow dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  he s taken one of the world s most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
it s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
s replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have lrb and probably should have rrb been a lighthearted comedy .
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do nt care about being stupid .
barney s ideas about creation and identity do nt really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hour s worth of actual material .
gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix .
it collapses when mr taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller s rush .
have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children s home video  a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment  as long as 3yearolds find it diverting .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they ca nt distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely .
where this was lazy but enjoyable  a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt  guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt .
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors  morgan freeman and ashley judd .
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors  morgan freeman and ashley judd .
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors  morgan freeman and ashley judd .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
a movie that ca nt get sufficient distance from leroy s delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored  cheering the pratfalls but little else .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glass s dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
let s face it  there are nt many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
would want to see crossroads if they re not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
despite auteuil s performance  it s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it s a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
uses quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
quickcuts  lrb very rrb large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double lrb for seagal rrb .
large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double .
simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop .
hmmm  might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are nt looking for them .
the film does nt show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
does nt show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
even if it made its original release date last fall  it would ve reeked of a beenthere  donethat sameness .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
his lrb nelson s rrb screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting .
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
while scorsese s bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic  the movie is hindered by a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
a central plot that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
that s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
s peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
that the jury who bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer s previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writer .
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
does nt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it s only a movie .
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
when your subject is illusion versus reality  should nt the reality seem at least passably real .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
you can see the wouldbe surprises coming a mile away  and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo nt fly with most intelligent viewers .
is for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work .
as it stands  crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster s path of destruction .
that it s a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
it s not a bad plot  but  unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
the script  credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest  tron  anderson  seems entirely improvised .
no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .
a waterlogged version of  fatal attraction  for the teenybopper set  a sad  soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcomcom or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea .
too bad writerdirector adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle s carpets .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle s carpets .
yet another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
another iteration of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled .
of what s become one of the movies  creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey s considerable talents are wasted in it .
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards  with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
about with  courage  pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
with  courage  pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
instead of panoramic sweep  kapur gives us episodic choppiness  undermining the story s emotional thrust .
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and la to that end  they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
they mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
mock the kind of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
of folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
folks they do nt understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers do nt care to understand  either .
even in all its director s cut glory  he s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
s made a film that s barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches  but wind up using them as punching bags .
while this film has an  a  list cast and some strong supporting players  the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
remains a reactive cipher  when opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
opening the man s head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
lrb johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
to and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  you re going to feel like you were nt invited to the party .
it s so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
s so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
a lump of runofthemill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
when the fire burns out  we ve only come facetoface with a couple dragons and that s where the film ultimately fails .
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
while there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb .
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics .
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
made  on all levels  that it does nt even qualify as a spoof of such .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up .
sloughs one s way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
yes  spirited away is a triumph of imagination  but it s also a failure of storytelling .
makes maryam  in the end  play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an afterschool special .
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but they re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
re often undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
undone by howard s selfconscious attempts to find a  literary  filmmaking style to match his subject .
on the evidence before us  the answer is clear  not easily and  in the end  not well enough .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenlooper s approach to the material is too upbeat .
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadiumseat megaplex .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain  and .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump .
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
reduce blake s philosophy into a tragic comingofage saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane s superhero dystopia .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it s won .
s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but .
should pay nine bucks for this  because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
nijinsky says   i know how to suffer  and if you see this film you ll know too .
ai nt a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it s hilarious .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road .
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time  providing no real sense of suspense .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but .
it s possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel .
its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through .
accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
in such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
such a lousy way  complete with some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
some of the year s lrb unintentionally rrb funniest moments  that it s impossible to care .
although  visually striking and slickly staged  it s also cold  grey  antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters .
the first film s lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
formulaic and forgettable that it s hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war  let alone conscious of each other s existence .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
mr wollter and ms seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but .
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon  anyway .
it s got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it did nt entirely grab me  but .
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
s a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
lrb t rrb he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
it s so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
with the exception of mccoist  the players do nt have a clue on the park .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms  anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
maybe there s a metaphor here  but figuring it out would nt make trouble every day any better .
deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
a remake by the numbers  linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but it s also one that  next to his best work  feels clumsy and convoluted .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness .
i m sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it s offensive  but that it s boring .
but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
the adventure does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
does nt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
its stupidities wind up sticking in one s mind a lot more than the cool bits .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but .
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching .
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching .
this rough trade punchandjudy act did nt play well then and it plays worse now .
the only question  is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  you ll likely think of this one .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue  this indie flick never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
never found its audience  probably because it s extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
it s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here  but it s so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins  inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
it briefly flirts with player masochism  but the point of real interest   audience sadism  is evaded completely .
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
what s needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
a cross between boys do nt cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary .
their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary .
film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
j lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear  she s a pretty woman  but she s no working girl .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something  but  dude .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something .
there s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
s a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
though tom shadyac s film kicks off spookily enough  around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
a  girls gone wild  video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation is nt a definitive countercultural document .
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film  it was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second .
saying nothing about kennedy s assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
comes off as so silly that you would nt be surprised if ba  murdock and rest of the ateam were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
sexually charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol .
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
s too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young man s battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to  special effects  by way of replacing objects in a character s hands below the camera line .
instead of trying to bust some blondes  lrb diggs rrb should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
this dubious product of a collegespawned lrb colgate u rrb comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set .
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it .
it does nt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for lrb and misses rrb .
does nt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for lrb and misses rrb .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters  which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them .
like a badly edited  91minute trailer lrb and rrb the director ca nt seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
expect more from director michael apted lrb enigma rrb and screenwriter nicholas kazan lrb reversal of fortune rrb than this cliche pileup .
expect more from director michael apted lrb enigma rrb and screenwriter nicholas kazan lrb reversal of fortune rrb .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
excuse to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
to get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
get to the closing bout  by which time it s impossible to care who wins .
falls short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
when  science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science .
science fiction  takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has nt yet had much science .
by kevin bray  whose crisp framing  edgy camera work  and wholesale ineptitude with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
there s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
s not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team  but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
it s one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine  it s a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture ca nt quite conceal that there s nothing resembling a spine here .
the acres of haute couture ca nt quite conceal that there s nothing resembling a spine here .
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly .
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an .
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an .
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an .
are simply named the husband  the wife and the kidnapper  emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai s villainous father to the endless action sequences .
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
often demented in a good way  but it is an uneven film for the most part .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie s lock  stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod  he s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
he s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
s unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
if you do nt demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit  yet it s geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
the movie is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
lrb the film s rrb taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
lrb the film s rrb taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but .
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant  two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
boyd s screenplay lrb cowritten with guardian hack nick davies rrb has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
keeps things interesting  but do nt go out of your way to pay full price .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding .
i ve had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes  almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the population s shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it .
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
nature  loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
get another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
another phone call warning you that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
that if the video is nt back at blockbuster before midnight  you re going to face frightening late fees .
but unless you re an absolute raving star wars junkie  it is nt much fun .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but .
hart s war seems to want to be a character study  but apparently ca nt quite decide which character .
seems to want to be a character study  but apparently ca nt quite decide which character .
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
the film s desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards .
the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
it squanders chan s uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series .
in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
all the heart of a porno flick lrb but none of the sheer lust rrb .
perhaps even the slc high command found writerdirector mitch davis s wall of kitsch hard going .
s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside  and .
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside .
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside .
grant is certainly amusing  but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length .
overcomes the script s flaws and envelops the audience in his character s anguish  anger and frustration .
while you have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet  you re a jet all the way   it s equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
s a boombox of a movie that might have been titled  the loud and the ludicrous .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
there s something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids  movie  that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
the master of disguise falls under the category of  should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al  reno devolves into a laughfree lecture .
when lrb reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
reno rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
rrb lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al .
mattei s underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if you re going to alter the bard s ending  you d better have a good alternative .
the whole affair  true story or not  feels incredibly hokey  lrb it rrb comes off like a hallmark commercial .
is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
it does nt offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
offer any insights that have nt been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid  90s .
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey .
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
for a film about explosions and death and spies   ballistic  ecks vs sever  seems as safe as a children s film .
a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
it s hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
s hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
hard to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
to pity the  plain  girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss .
the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
the only pain you ll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood s dirty harry period .
s mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punchdrunk love .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard lrb which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog rrb is that it s not as obnoxious as tom green s freddie got fingered .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard lrb which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog rrb .
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real  she ca nt provide any conflict .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but .
believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
is overlong and not wellacted  but credit writerproducerdirector adam watstein with finishing it at all .
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i ca nt believe any viewer  young or old .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy .
less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
but it is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
it is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
is nt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we ve been watching for decades .
said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
too often  son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
it s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
s hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
it s so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it s left a few crucial things out  like character development and coherence .
s so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it s left a few crucial things out  like character development and coherence .
to better understand why this did nt connect with me would require another viewing  and .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffectedindiefilm mode  and brother hoffman s script stumbles over a lateinning twist that just does nt make sense .
brother hoffman s script stumbles over a lateinning twist that just does nt make sense .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo nt seem like such a bore .
killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
one of those art house films that makes you feel like you re watching an iceberg melt  only .
jeonghyang lee s film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well before the end .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation  well .
judd s characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
it s tommy s job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  you ll feel like mopping up  too .
the redeeming feature of chan s films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  what s worse  routine .
like a bigbudget  afterschool special with a generous cast  who at times lift the material from its wellmeaning clunkiness .
but even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
even then  i d recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign .
at all clear what it s trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it .
it is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
is just too bad the film s story does not live up to its style .
sex ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if we re looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform  and the visuals  even erotically frank ones  become dullingly repetitive .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinsky s writings to perform .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
bloodwork is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
is nt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
say that after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and .
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects .
though jackson does nt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape .
not even solondz s thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story  of course  is that it goes nowhere  and .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story  of course  is that it goes nowhere .
leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story s continuity and progression .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises .
butterfingered  is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
the most remarkable lrb and frustrating rrb thing about world traveler  which opens today in manhattan .
its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
s a wonder that he could nt have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers  it s exploitive without being insightful .
egoyan s work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
it s unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
that wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
wallace  who wrote gibson s braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
it s kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america s indigenous people  but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
spreads itself too thin  leaving these actors  as well as the members of the commune .
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story that s shapeless and uninflected .
dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
is that it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
it s so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse  and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
a camp adventure  one of those movies that s so bad it starts to become good .
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
episode ii  attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
do nt look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
nohe has made a decent  intro  documentary  but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
releasing a film with the word  dog  in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and .
releasing a film with the word  dog  in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults .
its curmudgeon does nt quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
there s undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references  but the fun wears thin  then out  when there s nothing else happening .
what  blade runner  would ve looked like as a lowbudget series on a uhf channel .
it s a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
s a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza .
the story passes time until it s time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
eileen walsh  an engaging  wideeyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth .
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been  it s just a kids  flick .
s an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
is not one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
it all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
all seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
seemed wasted like deniro s once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek  they ll probably run out screaming .
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson s creek .
been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because there s not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
totally overwrought  deeply biased  and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe .
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kidvid  we get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
out by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
by an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
instead of contriving a climactic hero s death for the belovedmajor  characterwhoshall  remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens  laser guns actually hit something for once .
he s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
kapur s contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy .
the film s hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin .
the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but .
lrb a remake rrb do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capra s classic .
do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandler s new movie rapes  pillages and .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids  television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy  rape and suspected murder .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids  television and plot threads .
the romance between the leads is nt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability  all you have left is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad it .
is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad it .
a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he s not trying to laugh at how bad .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point  is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
there s the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
lrb h rrb ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang  i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
i d want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
it is nt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
matters because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
what s really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
to see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
see two academy award winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
winning actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
actresses lrb and one academy award winning actor rrb succumb to appearing in this junk that s tv sitcom material at best .
mending a child s pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
s difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  it s really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category .
this director s cut  which adds 51 minutes  takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
none of his actors stand out  but that s less of a problem here than it would be in another film .
have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
if any of them list this  credit  on their resumes in the future  that ll be much funnier than anything in the film .
i m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening  but .
m not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothing s happening  or the part where something s happening .
it s not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
s not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
are never more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
more than sketches  which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
s fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
it s like rocky and bullwinkle on speed  but that s neither completely enlightening  nor does it catch the intensity of the movie s strangeness .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival  the annual riviera spree of flesh  buzz  blab and money .
like one long  meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled  hip    innovative  and  realistic .
is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being  naturalistic  rather than carefully lit and set up  that it s exhausting to watch .
is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being  naturalistic  rather than carefully lit and set up .
so grainy and rough  so dependent on being  naturalistic  rather than carefully lit and set up .
be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
the biggest problem i have lrb other than the very sluggish pace rrb is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
has the marks of a septuagenarian  it s a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
something has been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
been lost in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
in the translation  another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
it must have read  seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
it s also built on a faulty premise  one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
neither as scaryfunny as tremors nor dementedfunny as starship troopers  the movie is nt tough to take as long as you ve paid a matinee price .
it s the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness .
this rather unfocused  alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or if it were subtler  or if it had a sense of humor .
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens  or .
white oleander   the movie  is akin to a reader s digest condensed version of the source material .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film s historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly  yet .
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly .
it s not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
hawke s film  a boring  pretentious waste of nearly two hours  does nt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time .
that does nt mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
mean it still wo nt feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable  especially considering its barely .
rosenthal lrb halloween ii rrb seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
icet sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
sticks his mug in the window of the couple s bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake  but he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
he ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
ca nt disguise that he s spiffing up leftovers that are nt so substantial or fresh .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and this movie wo nt create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and .
nicolas cage is nt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray .
it probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is nt something to be taken seriously .
who do nt care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes .
much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
it made me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
made me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
me realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
realize that we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
we really have nt had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since  well  since last week s reign of fire .
rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a onehour tv documentary .
will no doubt delight plympton s legion of fans  others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we do nt feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
what madonna does here ca nt properly be called acting  more accurately  it s moving and it s talking and it s occasionally gesturing  sometimes all at once .
what madonna does here ca nt properly be called acting  more accurately  it s moving and .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of grossout flicks  college flicks  or even flicks in general .
as if trying to grab a lump of playdoh  the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story  the more details slip out between his fingers .
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
i have a confession to make  i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
i did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
did nt particularly like et the first time i saw it as a young boy .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you do nt care who fires the winning shot .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and .
they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful .
viewers of barney s crushingly selfindulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
the film s needlessly opaque intro takes its doeeyed crudup out of pre9  11 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
it s not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil  bow wow .
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil  bow wow .
it s a strange film  one that was hard for me to warm up to .
breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
present ah na s life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character s blankfaced optimism .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what s wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what s wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
tara reid plays a college journalist  but she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i do nt know what she s doing in here .
looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i do nt know what she s doing in here .
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
could have written a more credible script  though with the same number of continuity errors .
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of lrb woo s rrb best work .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and .
some of the characters die and others do nt  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story does nt have a single surprise up its sleeve .
labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film s production design .
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
unfortunately  carvey s rubberface routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and .
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
reyes  directorial debut has good things to offer  but ultimately it s undone by a sloppy script .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers  time with a gobbler like this .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but rarely .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey  but .
it s better suited for the history or biography channel  but there s no arguing the tone of the movie  it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
davis has energy  but she does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
does nt bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
bother to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
unlike trey parker  sandler does nt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
sandler does nt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has nt been living under a rock lrb since sept 11 rrb .
lrb jackson and bledel rrb seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes  just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime  and  perhaps more than he realizes .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director s previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director s previous work in terms .
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
essentially  fatal attraction  remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
mushes the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
the collegefriends genre lrb the big chill rrb together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap .
focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe  making .
focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe .
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice .
if you saw benigni s pinocchio at a public park  you d grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
is supposed to be the star of the story  but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year  you d have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
s painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
painful to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
to watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean .
watch witherspoon s talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone .
the inevitable double  and triplecrosses arise  but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
you come away thinking not only that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
come away thinking not only that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
thinking not only that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about and .
that kate is nt very bright  but that she has nt been worth caring about .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and .
by the final whistle you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
you re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
re convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does nt have big screen magic .
likable  but just as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it s hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it s hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
there s got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
s got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
too much like an infomercial for ram dass s latest book aimed at the boomer .
to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
wimps out by going for that pg13 rating  so the more graphic violence is mostly offscreen .
to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that he s a disloyal satyr .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be .
in the end  it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
there s a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling  but brooms is nt it .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
the lousy lead performances  keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
the holiday message of the 37minute santa vs the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
to adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
adopt a somewhat mannered tone  that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story s core .
one hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
hopes mr plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise  then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature  and .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature .
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
the director s many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that s low on both suspense and payoff .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but she s never seen speaking on stage .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but .
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements  in terms of love  age  gender  race  and class .
than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wo nt do it one more time  as far as .
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most  the fanboy .
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most .
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most .
in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
a slight and obvious effort  even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits .
appears as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
as if even the filmmakers did nt know what kind of movie they were making .
at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families  but .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families .
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families .
every cliche we ve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
it s supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out  so he just slopped  em together here .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out  so .
it s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
s as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
if solondz had two ideas for two movies  could nt really figure out how to flesh either out .
schaefer s  determination to inject farcical raunch  drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
instead of using george and lucy s most obvious differences to ignite sparks  lawrence desperately looks elsewhere  seizing on george s haplessness and lucy s personality tics .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances .
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
resurrection is nt exactly quality cinema  but it is nt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
it s a thin notion  repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
it s a frankensteinmonster of a film that does nt know what it wants to be .
s a frankensteinmonster of a film that does nt know what it wants to be .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process .
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances .
i spied with my little eye  a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s  despite a few whopping shootouts .
is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abc s .
the chateau  is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
as is often the case with ambitious  eager firsttime filmmakers  mr murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
mr murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
like schindler s list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde s classic satire .
there are some laughs in this movie  but williams  anarchy gets tiresome  the satire is weak .
the halflit  sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms  a subtlety that makes the silly  overthetop coda especially disappointing .
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
s up to you to decide whether to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex founders on its own preciousness  and squanders its beautiful women .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs robinson complex .
this is an action movie with an action icon who s been all but decommissioned .
if george romero had directed this movie  it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
it would nt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
to being lectured to by techgeeks  if you re up for that sort of thing .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
no matter how broomfield dresses it up  it tends to speculation  conspiracy theories or  at best  circumstantial evidence .
of lo mein and general tso s chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it .
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the selfdestructiveness of many young people .
for making a florid biopic about mad queens  obsessive relationships  and rampant adultery so dull .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces do nt quite fit together .
watching  ending  is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor s garage sale .
unfolds with such a wallop of youarethere immediacy that when the bullets start to fly  your first instinct is to duck .
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives .
although estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo .
as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what s left of his passe  chopsocky glory .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what s left of his passe  chopsocky glory .
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what s left of his passe  chopsocky glory .
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin could nt keep my attention .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile .
it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile .
mostly martha could have used a little trimming  10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice .
it s tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
during the tuxedo s 90 minutes of screen time  there is nt one true  chan moment .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film  but the wheezing terrorist subplot has nt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists  bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
the wheezing terrorist subplot has nt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists  bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
you  get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos had nt blown them all up .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy .
there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
lrb seems rrb even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly moneygrubbing than most thirdrate horror sequels .
of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
not the usual route in a thriller  and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
by no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act  it still comes off as a touching  transcendent love story .
by no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
costner s warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyac s perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
costner s warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyac s perfunctory directing chops  and .
that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony .
the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced .
norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced .
has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced .
of his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
his way to turn the legendary wit s classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
do nt let the subtitles fool you  the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies  or any other john woo flick for that matter .
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
in the wake of saving private ryan  black hawk down and we were soldiers  you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage s warweary marine .
he does nt  however  deliver nearly enough of the show s trademark style and flash .
hell is rrb looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is nt even halfway through .
is rrb looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is nt even halfway through .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea  then pay your  8 and get ready for the big shear .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch .
what they re doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge .
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
the paradiso s rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the film s final lrb restored rrb third .
to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in lrb the characters  rrb misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
piccoli s performance is amazing  yes  but the symbols of loss and denial and lifeatarm s  length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
the symbols of loss and denial and lifeatarm s  length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
has become  to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge without doing all that much to correct them .
become  to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge .
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter  uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and .
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad .
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
s as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
in oldfashioned screenwriting parlance  ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
ms shreve s novel proved too difficult a text to  lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but there s only one problem  it s supposed to be a drama .
if you ve got a house full of tots  do nt worry  this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film s successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film s successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
that feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
feels as though it s trying to set the women s liberation movement back 20 years .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
match their own creations for pure venality  that s giving it the old college try .
kapur modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
is nt it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers .
s the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc s drug scene .
s a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit  it would fit chan like a  99 bargainbasement special .
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works  and .
the blair witch formula for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works .
for an hour  in which we re told something creepy and vague is in the works .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here .
the movie is like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
like scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
scorsese s mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
by someone who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
who ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
ignored it in favor of old  juvenile delinquent  paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
the film s maudlin focus on the young woman s infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heartstring plucking .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior  circuit gets drawn into the party .
he would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio  complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyer s ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
will anyone who is nt a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has nt gone straight to video .
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants  who might be distracted by the movie s quick movements and sounds .
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project s prime mystery .
imagine the cleanflicks version of  love story   with ali macgraw s profanities replaced by romancenovel platitudes .
of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography  schaeffer s film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters  quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
the worst kind of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
in this case one man s treasure could prove to be another man s garbage .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics  unaware that it s the butt of its own joke .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man s quest to find an old flame .
if hill is nt quite his generation s don siegel lrb or robert aldrich rrb  it s because there s no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair .
as if drop dead gorgeous was nt enough  this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of smalltown competition .
s a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
such a wildly uneven hitandmiss enterprise  you ca nt help suspecting that it was improvised on a daytoday basis during production .
you ca nt help suspecting that it was improvised on a daytoday basis during production .
makes me feel weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
me feel weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man s body .
at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man s body .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets lrb scifi rrb rehash .
treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one .
some movies were made for the big screen  some for the small screen  and some  like ballistic  ecks vs sever  were made for the palm screen .
the film does nt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
that martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
martin lawrence s latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
can explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
explode obnoxiously into 2500 screens while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
while something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
is nt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god .
it s difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes lrb of which they ll get plenty rrb .
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line .
normally  rohmer s talky films fascinate me  but when he moves his setting to the past  and relies on a historical text  he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
when he moves his setting to the past  and relies on a historical text  he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
the great pity is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
is that those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
those responsible did nt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
there s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
s a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention .
grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philip s repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss  and that s more or less how it plays out .
at a time when we ve learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is  collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
eight legged freaks wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
wo nt join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
while the film is competent  it s also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
it would nt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe s routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it .
is a question for philosophers  not filmmakers  all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
cherry orchard is badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a  back story .
has its handful of redeeming features  as long as you discount its ability to bore .
brisk is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
is wang s pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the backstory is a little tired .
there s no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
on top of a foundering performance  lrb madonna s rrb denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
lrb madonna s rrb denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona  here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
i m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
m sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
sure there s a teenage boy out there somewhere who s dying for this kind of entertainment .
the acting is just fine  but there s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
s not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
is a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
of those decadesspanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer .
indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any  comedy  to ever spill from a projector s lens .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story would nt work without all those gimmicks .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is nt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white .
is not that it s all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
that is not even as daring as john ritter s glory days on three s company .
down badly as we absorb jia s moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film .
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you  this film s impressive performances and adept direction are nt likely to leave a lasting impression .
this film s impressive performances and adept direction are nt likely to leave a lasting impression .
it does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
if you recognize zeus lrb the dog from snatch rrb it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
you re really renting this you re not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices .
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie s rude and crude humor .
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i did nt care .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really does nt have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture  but .
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
after a while  hoffman s quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses  become annoying and artificial .
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music .
can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock s imaginative flight to shyamalan s selfimportant summer fluff .
it s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
s lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you ve been sitting still .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenberg s the prince of egypt from 1998 .
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
it does nt really know or care about the characters  and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that s far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with .
of the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
the plot lrb other than its one good idea rrb and the movie s inescapable air of sleaziness .
i ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
ca nt see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
it s such a mechanical endeavor lrb that rrb it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
s such a mechanical endeavor lrb that rrb it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran s electoral process  but the result is a film that s about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
the result is a film that s about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
but why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
why bother if you re going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
it s the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
will probably sink the film for anyone who does nt think about percentages all day long .
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation .
seems to be about everything that s plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy  repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and .
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie .
it s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
s a taunt  a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous  that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story s promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
glumly mishandle the story s promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing .
cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting .
britney spears  phoniness is nothing compared to the movie s contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short  tries its best to hide the fact that seagal s overweight and out of shape .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short .
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal s overweight and out of shape .
yet it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
s not quite the genrebusting film it s been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
alarms for duvall s throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
lazily directed by charles stone iii  from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
though there s a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the film s direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
and as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
eventually the content is nt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
feels less like a change in lrb herzog s rrb personal policy than a halfhearted fluke .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment has nt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
the new star wars installment has nt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
channeling kathy baker s creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women s augustine .
more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
we can tell what it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
can tell what it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
what it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
it is supposed to be  but ca nt really call it a work of art .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
like a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters  margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but i ve got to give it thumbs down .
the film does nt really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously  it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
this movie  does nt deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
lrb tries rrb to parody a genre that s already a joke in the united states .
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
garbus discards the potential for pathological study  exhuming instead  the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come  already having been recycled more times than id care to count .
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado  to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audiences meat grinder one more time .
all the more disquieting for its relatively gorefree allusions to the serial murders  but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
while the performances are often engaging  this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a onehour tv documentary .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies    footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant  ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchies lock  stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod  hes unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that dont care about being stupid .
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niros righthand goombah .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls  and last years  rollerball   enough said  except  film overboard .
here  common sense flies out the window  along with the hail of bullets  none of which ever seem to hit sascha .
the execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as theres a little girlongirl action .
a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise  it isnt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer  the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an allnight tequila bender  and i know this because ive seen jackass  the movie .
the movies somethingborrowed construction feels less the product of loving  well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan  thinly sketched story  killing time  thats all thats going on here .
stupid  infantile  redundant  sloppy  overthetop  and amateurish  yep  its  waking up in reno   go back to sleep .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems  but the field of roughage dominates .
payami tries to raise some serious issues about irans electoral process  but the result is a film thats about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this  i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies underwear .
most of the problems with the film dont derive from the screenplay  but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
if youre just in the mood for a fun  but bad  movie  you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors  jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
theres no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
the effort is sincere and the results are honest  but the film is so bleak that its hardly watchable .
analyze that regurgitates and waters down many of the previous films successes  with a few new swings thrown in .
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity  undisputed is nearly incoherent  an excuse to get to the closing bout    by which time its impossible to care who wins .
to the civilized mind  a movie like ballistic  ecks vs  sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
equlibrium could pass for a thirteenyearolds book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem selfconsciously poetic and forced    its a pity that nelsons achievement doesnt match his ambition .
when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit  i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout  hey  koolaid .
imagine the cleanflicks version of love story   with ali macgraws profanities replaced by romancenovel platitudes .
pc stability notwithstanding  the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat  fairytale conclusion .
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled  others will find their humorseeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
pascale baillys romcom provides amlies audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin  i  e   a banal spiritual quest .
a static and sugary little halfhour  afterschool special about interfaith understanding  stretched out to 90 minutes .
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd  however  almost makes this movie worth seeing  almost .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers  unfortunately  there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them  either .
the cumulative effect of watching this 65minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge  before long  youre desperate for the evening to end .
the characters are never more than sketches    which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
matteis underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp  a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious selfexamination .
only in its final surprising shots does rabbitproof fence find the authority its looking for .
isnt as sharp as the original    despite some visual virtues  blade ii just doesnt cut it .
plays like a badly edited  91minute trailer  and  the director cant seem to get a coherent rhythm going  in fact  it doesnt even seem like she tried .
what you expect is just what you get    assuming the bar of expectations hasnt been raised above sixthgrade height .
the biggest problem with roger avarys uproar against the mpaa is that  even in all its directors cut glory  hes made a film thats barely shocking  barely interesting and most of all  barely anything .
so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again  she should ask for a raise .
if sinises character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
theres a reason the studio didnt offer an advance screening   the adventures of pluto nash  is a big time stinker .
a punch line without a premise  a joke built entirely from musty memories of halfdimensional characters .
takes one character we dont like and another we dont believe  and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isnt very funny .
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wont fly with most intelligent viewers .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didnt fade amid the deliberate  tiresome ugliness  it would be rendered tedious by avarys failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
sitting through the last reel  spoiler alert   is significantly less charming than listening to a fouryearold with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please  and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses  nor their characters  deserve .
with this new rollerball  sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffmans brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002s sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off .
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended  as visually bland as a dentists waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
sex ironically has little to do with the story  which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never  ever  leave a large dog alone with a toddler  but never mind all that  the boobs are fantasti .
the script covers huge  heavy topics in a bland  surfacey way that doesnt offer any insight into why  for instance  good things happen to bad people .
dignified ceos meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree  can you bear the laughter .
theres no point of view  no contemporary interpretation of joans prefeminist plight  so were left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
beware the quirky britcom  they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
completely awful iranian drama    as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
theres no point in extracting the bare bones of byatts plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
directors john musker and ron clements  the team behind the little mermaid  have produced sparkling retina candy  but they arent able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
adam sandlers heart may be in the right place  but he needs to pull his head out of his butt .
theres no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but its also one that  next to his best work  feels clumsy and convoluted .
despite engaging offbeat touches  knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre thats as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
its all pretty tame  the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than  as was more likely  a victim of mental illness .
im not saying that ice age doesnt have some fairly pretty pictures  but theres not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
in the telling of a story largely untold  bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish  and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience  but that its also too stupid to realize that theyve already seen this exact same movie a hundred times .
j  lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear  shes a pretty woman  but shes no working girl .
rymer doesnt trust laughs  and doesnt conjure proper respect for followers of the whole deadundead genre  who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
not only are the films sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny  they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this were doingitfor thecash sequel were .
off the hook is overlong and not wellacted  but credit writerproducerdirector adam watstein with finishing it at all .
its a drag how nettelbeck sees working women  or at least this working woman  for whom she shows little understanding .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death  but boyds film offers little else of consequence .
its also curious to note that this film  like the similarly illtimed antitrust  is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa  pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y  por momentos  deplorable .
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
the problem is not that its all derivative  because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes  the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
as spent screen series go  star trek  nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up  and theres nothing to drink .
fails as a dystopian movie  as a retooling of fahrenheit 451  and even as a ripoff of the matrix .
the movie  like bartleby  is something of a stiff  an extradry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters    margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
if you value your time and money  find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite  predictable rehash .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but the spell they cast isnt the least bit mesmerizing .
everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with issues to simplify .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise    then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
it comes off as so silly that you wouldnt be surprised if ba  murdock and rest of the ateam were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen  it never is  not fully .
even in the summertime  the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
what with all the blanket statements and dimestore ruminations on vanity  the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom  the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character  there remains a huge gap between the films creepy  cleancut dahmer  jeremy renner  and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers  but if you go in knowing that  you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
solaris  is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
the direction  by george hickenlooper  has no snap to it  no wiseacre crackle or hardbitten cynicism .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
it has plenty of laughs  it just doesnt have much else    especially in a moral sense .
an awful lot like one of spears music videos in content  except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and  worse  that you have to pay if you want to see it .
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions  especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
had i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang  id want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
occasionally loud and offensive  but more often  it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like my big fat greek wedding .
by the time you reach the finale  youre likely wondering why youve been watching all this strutting and posturing .
putting the primitive murderer inside a hightech space station unleashes a pandoras box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
at its best  its black hawk down with more heart  at its worst  its rambo meetsjohn ford .
director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
its not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
walsh cant quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janices behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
theres nothing to gain from watching they  it isnt scary  it hates its characters  it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
ice age treads predictably along familiar territory  making it a passable family film that wont win many fans over the age of 12 .
though the film is wellintentioned  one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
the video work is so grainy and rough  so dependent on being naturalistic rather than carefully lit and set up  that its exhausting to watch .
it gets bogged down by hitandmiss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
its tommys job to clean the peep booths surrounding her  and after viewing this one  youll feel like mopping up  too .
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr   but there isnt an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script  its simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary  actionpacked chiller  you might soon be looking for a sign  an exit sign  that is .
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions  sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
what you end up getting is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense  and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
theres undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references  but the fun wears thin  then out  when theres nothing else happening .
imagine kevin smith  the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey  if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor  the result might look like vulgar .
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard  its icky .
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
with the exception of mccoist  the players dont have a clue on the park  the acting isnt much better .
a notsodivine secrets of the yaya sisterhood with a hefty helping of refried green tomatoes .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenres most enabling victim    and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
star trek was kind of terrific once  but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
no matter how much good will the actors generate  showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance  every performance respectably muted  the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film  without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writerdirector himself .
ver wiels desperate attempt at wit is lost  leaving the character of critical jim twodimensional and pointless .
despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth  as an older woman who seduces oscar  the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu  rich new york intelligentsia  and its off .
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure  it feels more forced than usual .
partnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting  the catch is that theyre stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
youll laugh for not quite and hour and a half  but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied  youll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter .
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material  but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone    that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the storys core .
the director has injected selfconsciousness into the proceedings at every turn  the results are far more alienating than involving .
bogdanich is unashamedly proserbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
a lack of thesis makes maryam  in the end  play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an afterschool special .
if h  g  wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kins reworked version  what would he say  it looks good  sonny  but you missed the point .
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy  its sweet and fluffy at the time  but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
im sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept  but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the walmart checkout line .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters  but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
sometimes there are very  very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
unfortunately  its also not very good  especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell its not all new  at least it looks pretty .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you  at its cluelessness  at its idiocy  at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches  vainly  i think  for something fresh to say .
unintelligible  poorly acted  brainslappingly bad  harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the directors previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
to build a feelgood fantasy around a vain dictatormadman is offputting  to say the least  not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof  which they isnt  it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
though its atmosphere is intriguing    the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gutbusting laughs  its digs at modern society are all things weve seen before .
astonishing isnt the word  neither is incompetent  incoherent or just plain crap  indeed  none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
one thing is for sure  this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chouchou .
with a tone as variable as the cinematography  schaeffers film never settles into the lightfooted enchantment the material needs  and the characters quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
to better understand why this didnt connect with me would require another viewing  and i wont be sitting through this one again    that in itself is commentary enough .
cuba gooding jr  valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs  but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
not at all clear what its trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting .
swimfan falls victim to sloppy plotting  an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
this remake of lina wertmullers 1975 eroticomedy might just be the biggest husbandandwife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero .
why spend 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby .
the french director has turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused  excruciatingly tedious cinema that  half an hour in  starts making water torture seem appealing .
its hard to imagine any recent film  independent or otherwise  that makes as much of a mess as this one .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
as saccharine movies go  this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but its hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or perhaps its just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
as is often the case with ambitious  eager firsttime filmmakers  mr  murray  a prolific director of music videos  stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject  combined with so much firstrate talent    could have yielded such a flat  plodding picture .
it throws quirky characters  odd situations  and offkilter dialogue at us  all as if to say   look at this  this is an interesting movie   but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horroraction hybrid .
its not only dull because weve seen eddie murphy do the genialrogue shtick to death  but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
a poorly scripted  preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent  believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side  longleys film lacks balance    and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director  but how long will filmmakers copy the  saving private ryan  battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time .
jones  despite a definitely distinctive screen presence  just isnt able to muster for a movie that  its title notwithstanding  should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its leads specific gifts .
this followup seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
why  you may ask  why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free  theres no good answer to that one .
this slowmoving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy  preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie  a vampire soap opera that doesnt make much sense even on its own terms .
theres the plot  and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
klein  charming in comedies like american pie and deadon in election  delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
its rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from  promising  to  interesting  to  familiar  before landing squarely on  stupid .
this is the sort of lowgrade dreck that usually goes straight to video with a lousy script  inept direction  pathetic acting  poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography  complete with visible boom mikes .
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence  but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
it wont harm anyone  but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it  after all  itll probably be in video stores by christmas  and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
looks more like a travelagency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independentcommunity guiding lights .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece  the picture begins to resemble the shapeless  grasping actors workshop that it is .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who havent read the book .
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesnt mean its good enough for our girls .
carveys characters are both overplayed and exaggerated  but then again  subtlety has never been his trademark .
its mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here  but its so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous films historical panorama and roiling pathos for bugeyed mugging and gayniche condescension .
browns saga  like many before his  makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
the boys sparring  like the succession of blows dumped on guei  wears down the storys more cerebral  and likable  plot elements .
the script by vincent r  nebrida    tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macys thanksgiving day parade balloon  extra heavyduty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer  it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
cold and scattered  minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals  thats not vintage spielberg and that  finally  is minimally satisfying .
every now and again  a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be  frank mcklusky c  i  is that movie .
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
in the wake of saving private ryan  black hawk down and we were soldiers  you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cages warweary marine .
hampered  no  paralyzed  by a selfindulgent script    that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
and if you appreciate the onesided theme to lawrences overindulgent tirade  then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a selfglorified martin lawrence lovefest  if you are willing to do this  then you so crazy .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo  windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent twohourandfifteenminute length .
its a very tasteful rock and roll movie  you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
the movie is loaded with good intentions  but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story  minac drains his movie of all individuality .
an infuriating film  just when you think you are making sense of it  something happens that tells you there is no sense .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that its hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
as an entertainment destination for the general public  kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
this mistyeyed southern nostalgia piece  in treading the line between sappy and sanguine  winds up mired in teardrenched quicksand .
as pure overthetop trash  any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the arthouse crowd  but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable  but for the most part  the weight of water comes off as a twoway timeswitching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
that the chuck norris  grenade gag  occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how seriousminded the film is .
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holms performance  the film would be a total washout .
its not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date  but when it comes out on video  its well worth a rental .
i cant begin to tell you how tedious  how resolutely unamusing  how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is  and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
everybody loves a david and goliath story  and this one is told almost entirely from davids point of view .
eventually  they will have a showdown  but  by then  your senses are as mushy as peas and you dont care who fires the winning shot .
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
a light  engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
to paraphrase a line from another dickens novel  nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly  but viewers dont get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
the result  however wellintentioned  is ironically just the sort of disposable  kitchensink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in todays hollywood .
a movie just for friday fans  critics be damned  if you already like this sort of thing  this is that sort of thing all over again .
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time  something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever  it just seems like it does  my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
the one notsosmall problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
labute cant avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era  hes changed the male academic from a lowerclass brit to an american  a choice that upsets the novels exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
the notion of deleting emotion from people  even in an advanced prozac nation  is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish  dumb fart jokes .
unsurprisingly  the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers  instead of serious athletes .
few of the increasingly farfetched events that firsttime writerdirector neil burger follows up with are terribly convincing  which is a pity  considering barrys terrific performance .
resident evil isnt a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv  sugar hysteria  and playstation cocktail .
unspeakably  unbearably dull  featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dimwitted .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody  but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
all movie long  city by the sea swings from one approach to the other  but in the end  it stays in formula  which is a waste of de niro  mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today  without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
its sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat  but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
paxtons uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
the script falls back on too many triedandtrue shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
the film starts promisingly  but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
lets issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
its the element of condescension  as the filmmakers look down on their workingclass subjects from their lofty perch  that finally makes sex with strangers  which opens today in the new york metropolitan area  so distasteful .
despite suffering a senseofhumour failure  the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
swinging  the film makes it seem  is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit  or intelligent .
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window  not because it was particularly funny  but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisles walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes  but be warned  you too may feel time has decided to stand still  or that the battery on your watch has died .
suffers from overfamiliarity since hithungry british filmmakers have stripmined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
yes  i have given this movie a rating of zero  but fans of the show should not consider this a diss  consider it perfection .
i dont even care that theres no plot in this antonio banderaslucy liu faceoff  its still terrible .
children of the century  though well dressed and well made  ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
its not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent posterboy lil bow wow .
a closetosolid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death  if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkleys flopping dolphingasm .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven  anyone else who may  for whatever reason  be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
mr  soderberghs direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
it makes me feel weird  thinking about all the bad things in the world  like puppies with broken legs  and butterflies that die  and movies starring pop queens .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon  but showtimes uninspired sendup of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others  thanks to the actors  that are quite touching .
while easier to sit through than most of jagloms selfconscious and gratingly irritating films  its still tainted by cliches  painful improbability and murky points .
about as enjoyable  i would imagine  as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces    positively dreadful .
while certainly clever in spots  this toolong  spoofy update of shakespeares macbeth doesnt sustain a high enough level of invention .
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap  graceless  hackneyed scifi serials of the 30s and 40s .
theres a lot of good material here  but theres also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
if you think its a riot to see rob schneider in a young womans clothes  then youll enjoy the hot chick .
the sheer dumbness of the plot  other than its one good idea  and the movies inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
yet another iteration of whats become one of the movies creepiest conventions  in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
bondinspired  certainly  likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise  lets hope not .
this flat run at a hiphop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .
davis has energy  but she doesnt bother to make her heroines book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
these two are generating about as much chemistry as an iraqi factory poised to receive a un inspector .
responsvel direto pelo fracasso artstico de doce lar  o roteirista c  jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided  here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
a passable romantic comedy  in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre  the gangstercrime comedy  that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago  and its cutesy reliance on moviespecific cliches isnt exactly endearing .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady   but  the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax thats scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
in the bookontape market  the film of  the kid stays in the picture  would be an abridged edition .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages  apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
alarms for duvalls throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
what little grace rifkins tale of precarious skidrow dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
unfortunately  kapur modernizes a  e  w  masons story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
a mechanical actioncomedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
the issues are presented in such a lousy way  complete with some of the years  unintentionally  funniest moments  that its impossible to care .
none of this socalled satire has any sting to it  as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally  to some extent  warmed up to him .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed  but skeptics arent likely to enter the theater .
bad in such a bizarre way that its almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
hugh grants act is so consuming that sometimes its difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original  the first films lovely flakiness is gone  replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
ive had more interesting  and  dare i say  thematically complex  bowel movements than this longontheshelf  pointandshoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jaggers sex life  it already has one strike against it .
there are now two signs that m  night shyamalans debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema  unbreakable and signs .
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that its not clear whether were supposed to shriek or laugh .
plodding  poorly written  murky and weakly acted  the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions  a lunar mission with no signs of life .
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat  and if youre going to alter the bards ending  youd better have a good alternative .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted  earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film .
silly stuff  all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who cant quite distinguish one scifi work from another .
the town has kind of an authentic feel  but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
circuit queens wont learn a thing  theyll be too busy cursing the films strategically placed white sheets .
as an actress  madonna is one helluva singer  as the mediterranean sparkles  swept away sinks .
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid  so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy  half past dead is just such an achievement .
it all looks and plays like a 40 million version of a game youre more likely to enjoy on a computer .
javier bardem is one of the few reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
adults  other than the parents    will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors    by shoving them into every clichd whitetrash situation imaginable .
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick  the emperors club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movies lack of ideas .
typical anim  with cheapo animation  like saturday morning tv in the 60s   a complex swordandsorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
at no point during k19  the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never seems to leave the lot .
empire cant make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film  it doesnt work as either .
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it  the project should have been made for the tube .
possession is in the end an honorable  interesting failure  it falls far short of poetry  but its not bad prose .
there may have been a good film in  trouble every day   but it is not what is on the screen .
unfortunately  carveys rubberface routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg .
viewed as a comedy  a romance  a fairy tale  or a drama  theres nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
theres something unintentionally comic in the films drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
the master of disguise is funnynot  ha ha  funny   dead circus performer  funny  and for all the wrong reasons besides .
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects  hoary dialogue  fluxing accents  and  worst of all  sillylooking morlocks .
a 75minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless  witless  and devoid of anything resembling humor .
with mcconaughey in an entirely ironyfree zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids  theres not enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
its the type of stunt the academy loves  a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
in theory  a middleaged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising  but in practice its something else altogether  clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
so mindnumbingly awful that you hope britney wont do it one more time  as far as movies are concerned .
the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos  particularly where whitakers misfit artist is concerned .
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two  he probably wouldnt be too crazy with his greatgrandsons movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
sets animation back 30 years  musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
weirdly  broomfield has compelling new material but he doesnt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir  very little of it actually clicks  the thing just never gets off the ground .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots  the movie isnt horrible  but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
however stale the material  lawrences delivery remains perfect  his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
the tuxedo wasnt just bad  it was  as my friend david cross would call it  hungryman portions of bad .
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isnt even close to being the barnburningly bad movie it promised it would be .
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film  its far from being this generations animal house .
an exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
woody allen has really found his groove these days  the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
the bland outweighs the nifty  and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
its such a mechanical endeavor that it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
the art direction is often exquisite  and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you  then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
ultimately  in the history of the academy  people may be wondering what all that jazz was about  chicago  in 2002  zellwegers whiny poutylipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writerdirector kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
a pleasant and engaging enough sit  but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
human nature  in short  isnt nearly as funny as it thinks it is  neither is it as smart .
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can outbadact the other   kirshner wins  but its close .
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron  deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
simply put  there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
this is an ungainly movie  illfitting  with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
the inevitable double and triplecrosses arise  but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovichs reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
its clotted with heavyhanded symbolism  dimestore psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
its a stale  overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish  not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch  its one of the worst of the entire franchise .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
as an actors showcase  harts war has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player  as a story of dramatic enlightenment  the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
a nonbritney person might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love  lust  and sin couldnt keep my attention .
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle  to be consumed and forgotten .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date  only less technically proficient and without the popup comments .
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year  full of holes that will be obvious even to those who arent looking for them .
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up  most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow  the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening  afraid of the bad reviews they thought theyd earn  they were right .
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly  yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling  shamelessly manipulative and contrived  and totally lacking in conviction .
offers no new insight on the matter  nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
nohe has made a decent intro documentary  but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret  but the only thing youll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
a 94minute travesty of unparalleled proportions  writerdirector parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wits classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
too ordinary to restore harmon to prominence  despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .
the weird thing about the santa clause 2  purportedly a childrens movie  is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
it doesnt matter that the film is less than 90 minutes  it still feels like a prison stretch .
partly a schmaltzy  bythenumbers romantic comedy  partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success  and entirely soulless .
ong chooses to present ah nas life as a slight  weightless fairy tale  whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the characters blankfaced optimism .
this isnt even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism  it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
frankly  its kind of insulting  both to men and women  and its not that funny  which is just generally insulting .
as if drop dead gorgeous wasnt enough  this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of smalltown competition .
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one mans quest to find an old flame .
this is a remake by the numbers  linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
its better than midrange steven seagal  but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
no dia em que aceitou dirigir esta continuao  harold ramis deve ter sado da cama com o p esquerdo  e aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme tambm .
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
no better or worse than truth or consequences  n  m   or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
macdowell ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
i can imagine this movie as a bw british comedy  circa 1960  with peter sellers  kenneth williams  et al   but at this time  with this cast  this movie is hopeless .
kurys never shows why  of all the periods volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
almost nothing else  raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation  is onesided  outwardly sexist or meanspirited  and in a sense  thats a liability .
its easy to love robin tunney  shes pretty and she can act  but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
if youve got a house full of tots  dont worry  this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy cant compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original  if i want music  ill buy the soundtrack  if i want a real movie  ill buy the criterion dvd .
an unremarkable  modern actioncomedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
writerdirector stephen gaghan has made the nearfatal mistake of being what the english call too clever by half .
the movie is so contrived  nonsensical and formulaic that  come to think of it  the dayold shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
the name says it all  jackass is a vulgar and cheaplooking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .
children  christian or otherwise  deserve to hear the full story of jonahs despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
with zoe clarkewilliamss lackluster thriller  new best friend   who needs enemies  just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the twodrinkminimum crowd  theres little to be learned from watching comedian .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of waterbound action over the landbased drama   but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage  the images lack contrast  are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
like a soft drink thats been sitting open too long  its too much syrup and not enough fizz .
as the movie dragged on  i thought i heard a mysterious voice  and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light  the light of the exit sign  i have returned from the beyond to warn you  this movie is 90 minutes long  and life is too short .
there are some fairly unsettling scenes  but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
the emperors club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world  but .
in the end  the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of softcore twaddle youd expect to see on showtimes red shoe diaries .
glizty but formulaic and silly    cagneys top of the world has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
the re enactments  however fascinating they may be as history  are too crude to serve the work especially well .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slomo  doublepistoled  ballisticpyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic .
once again  director chris columbus takes a hatinhand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like  this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
a wellmade but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moores the scarlet letter .
the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
as a movie  it never seems fresh and vital  it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people  it labours as storytelling .
lawrence should stick to his day job  hes a better actor than a standup comedian .
despite the fact that this film wasnt as bad as i thought it was going to be  its still not a good movie .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
i never thought id say this  but id much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies .
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not theyll wind up together  and micheles spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
at best  cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store  in search of a better movie experience .
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh  groan and hiss at .
i know were not supposed to take it seriously  but i cant shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for  it certainly got lost in the  soontobeforgettable  section of the quirky ripoff prison romp pile  its petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets  some of the characters die and others dont  and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson  and  really  nobody in the viewing audience cares .
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead  or for seagal pessimists  totally past his prime .
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence    lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
all the movies narrative gymnastics cant disguise the fact that its inauthentic at its core and that its story just isnt worth telling .
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle  there isnt much there here .
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive .
for all its shootouts  fistfights  and car chases  this movie is a phlegmatic bore  so tedious it makes the silly spy vs  spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
this mildmannered farce  directed by one of its writers  john c  walsh  is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
youd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous than leon .
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured  dull artist and monsterinthe making .
jacobi  the most fluent of actors  is given relatively dry material from nijinskys writings to perform  and the visuals  even erotically frank ones  become dullingly repetitive .
crudups screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
there is one surefire way to get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags  harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j  k  rowlings marvelous series into a deadly bore .
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir  but director george hickenloopers approach to the material is too upbeat .
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
the phone rings and a voice tells you youve got seven days left to live  then you get another phone call warning you that if the video isnt back at blockbuster before midnight  youre going to face frightening late fees  o  k   not really .
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject .
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms  sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
like the excruciating end of days  collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure  but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
imagine  if possible  a pasolini film without passion or politics  or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor  and you have some idea of the glum  numb experience of watching o fantasma .
in trying to be daring and original  it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
sadly  though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear  they cant generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
after a while  hoffmans quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses  become annoying and artificial .
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful  no doubt  its the worst movie ive seen this summer .
its drab  its uninteresting  it squanders chans uniqueness  it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt .
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
this tale has been told and retold  the races and rackets change  but the song remains the same .
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wont seem like such a bore .
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters  its hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward  static  and lifeless rumblings .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini  madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
only for young children  if them  their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
for all its violence  the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek  the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
the action is reasonably welldone    yet story  character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
several uninteresting  unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in  unfaithful   why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought youd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective .
the best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent antivirus  if only there were one for this kind of movie .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full  irritating display in this meandering and pointless french comingofage import from writerdirector annesophie birot .
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper  with special effects tossed in .
i cant remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
when mr  hundert tells us in his narration that this is a story without surprises   we nod in agreement .
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
it is that rare combination of bad writing  bad direction and bad acting  the trifecta of badness .
each scene wreaks of routine  the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95minute commercial for nba properties .
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking  the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
the films lack of personality permeates all its aspects  from the tv movieesque  affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos  but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime    and  perhaps more than he realizes  just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
trailer park magnolia  too long  too cutesy  too sure of its own importance  and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense  about nothing at all .
viewers of barneys crushingly selfindulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
its stupidities wind up sticking in ones mind a lot more than the cool bits .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat  i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes  but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
the same tired old gags  modernized for the extreme sports generation  theres already been too many of these films .
several of steven soderberghs earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist  sadly  full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
clockstoppers is one of those crazy  mixedup films that doesnt know what it wants to be when it grows up .
although bright  wellacted and thoughtprovoking  tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
the war of the roses   trailertrash style  entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
supposedly  pokemon cant be killed  but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
white hasnt developed characters so much as caricatures  onedimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film  the full monty  with something different .
the film feels formulaic  its plot and pacing typical hollywood warmovie stuff  while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary  hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener .
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
mr  deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of notsofunny gags  scattered moments of lazy humor .
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie  but until then theres always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
for all its brilliant touches  dragon loses its fire midway  nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
a meanspirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia .
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kidvid  we get an ugly  meanspirited lashing out by an adult whos apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
national lampoons van wilder may aim to be the next animal house  but it more closely resembles this years version of tomcats .
the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
its just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer  squad car pileups and the requisite screaming captain .
cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness  not the man  and the results might drive you crazy .
to be influenced chiefly by humanitys greatest shame  reality shows  reality shows for gods sake   is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
as we have come to learn  as many times as we have fingers to count on  jason is a killer who doesnt know the meaning of the word quit   the filmmakers might want to look it up .
a frustrating tweener  too slick  contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical  small and decadent for the malls .
whats surprising about this traditional thriller  moderately successful but not completely satisfying  is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
an instantly forgettable snowandstuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holidayseason product .
frankly  its pretty stupid  i had more fun with ben stillers zoolander  which i thought was rather clever  but theres plenty to offend everyone .
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
there are things to like about murder by numbers  but  in the end  the disparate elements dont gel .
tackling a lowbudget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
quite frankly  i cant see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy  vulgar is  truly and thankfully  a oneofakind work .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
should have gone straight to video  it looks like an action movie  but its so poorly made  on all levels  that it doesnt even qualify as a spoof of such .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middleage and older men drink to excess  piss on trees  b  s  one another and put on a show in drag .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
a boring  pretentious muddle that uses a sensational  reallife 19thcentury crime as a metaphor for  well  im not exactly sure what  and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
it is very difficult to care about the character  and that is the central flaw of the film .
snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism  with repetition and languorous slomo sequences  that glasss dirgelike score becomes a fangbaring lullaby .
es triste tener que decirles que lo nico grato de la cinta es el cuerpo desnudo de la heather .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of americas indigenous people  but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart  one which it fails to get .
charlize chases kevin with a gun  courtney chases stuart with a cell phone  the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
if the tuxedo actually were a suit  it would fit chan like a 99 bargainbasement special .
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy  so uneven  so damn unpleasant that i cant believe any viewer  young or old  would have a good time here .
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short  tries its best to hide the fact that seagals overweight and out of shape .
impeccably filmed  sexually charged  but ultimately lacking in substance  not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios  where much of the action takes place .
britney spears phoniness is nothing compared to the movies contrived  lame screenplay and listless direction .
if the movie were all comedy  it might work better  but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects  but not a willingness .
the movie  while beautiful  feels labored  with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
twentythree movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career  clint eastwoods efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him  big time .
this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel  seth green and barry pepper  it should have stayed there .
the film has a childlike quality about it  but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
the most opaque  selfindulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
its not a film to be taken literally on any level  but its focus always appears questionable .
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new  selfdeprecating level .
the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes  twitchy acting  and general boorishness .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans  but if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for childrens home video  a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment  as long as 3yearolds find it diverting .
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spiderman does to the experiences of most teenagers .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
mendes still doesnt quite know how to fill a frame  like the hanks character  hes a slow study  the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
as crimes go  writerdirector michael kalesnikos how to kill your neighbors dog is slight but unendurable .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series  but i wouldnt be interested in knowing any of them personally .
a bold  and lovely  experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
an empty exercise  a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
if you are curious to see the darker side of whats going on with young tv actors  dawson leery did what      or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out  but theres nothing very attractive about this movie .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hiphop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain  and the payoff is negligible .
if you  like me  think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with  then youre in for a painful ride .
while solondz tries and tries hard  storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player  this latest skewering    may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
davis wants to cause his audience an epiphany  yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
without a fresh infusion of creativity  4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
unlike scorseses mean streets  ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
being unique doesnt necessarily equate to being good  no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
waydowntown may not be an important movie  or even a good one  but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
yes  i suppose its lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life  but world traveler gave me no reason to care  so i didnt .
shadyac  who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams  trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
the photographers showdonttell stance is admirable  but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
id be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a looselyconnected string of actingworkshop exercises .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona  here a more annoying  though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild  undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
take away the controversy  and its not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse  and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape  is overkill to the highest degree .
about one in three gags in whites intermittently wise script hits its mark  the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teenexploitation playbook .
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie  its too bad that the rest isnt more compelling .
schneiders mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the storys continuity and progression .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed  but far more trouble than its worth  with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors  but it doesnt .
has no reason to exist  other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over  no such thing is a big letdown .
christian bales quinn is a leather clad grungepirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a windtunnel and a simply astounding corblimeyluvaduck cockney accent .
might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
after you laugh once  maybe twice   you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
not one moment in the enterprise didnt make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
the overall vibe is druggy and selfindulgent  like a springbreak orgy for pretentious arts majors .
theres no question that epps scores once or twice  but its telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
at the onehour mark  herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
a simpler  leaner treatment would have been preferable  after all  being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
the characters are based on stock clichs  and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
not the great american comedy  but if you liked the previous movies in the series  youll have a good time with this one too .
benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio  complete with receding hairline  weathered countenance and american breckin meyers ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope  theres something creepy about this movie .
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone  and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students    and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that didnt talk down to them   ignoring that  he made swimfan anyway .
naipaul fans may be disappointed  those who are not acquainted with the authors work  on the other hand  may fall fast asleep .
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction  and even then his tone retains a genteel  prepschool quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
if youre a crocodile hunter fan  youll enjoy at least the  real  portions of the film  if youre looking for a story  dont bother .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters  by that measure  it is a failure .
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actressproducer and writers previous collaboration  miss congeniality .
like a pack of dynamite sticks  built for controversy  the film is explosive  but a few of those sticks are wet .
an admitted egomaniac  evans is no hollywood villain  and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish hed gone the way of don simpson .
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times  and thats a bad sign when theyre supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory    but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug selfsatisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
its a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script  unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
a slight and obvious effort  even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits  agewise .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness  but what is missing from it all is a moral  what is the filmmakers point  why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery .
you see robin williams and psycho killer  and you think  hmmmmm  you see the movie and you think  zzzzzzzzz .
downright transparent is the scripts endless assault of embarrassingly hamfisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a  cooler  pg13 rating .
howard and his costars all give committed performances  but theyre often undone by howards selfconscious attempts to find a literary filmmaking style to match his subject .
a respectable but uninspired thriller thats intelligent and considered in its details  but ultimately weak in its impact .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot  but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
the movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
analyze that  is one of those crass  contrived sequels that not only fails on its own  but makes you secondguess your affection for the original .
you might say tykwer has done all that heaven allows  if you wanted to make as antikieslowski a pun as possible  suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
an airless  prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hardsell imagemongering youll wonder if lopezs publicist should share screenwriting credit .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures  and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
could as easily have been called under siege 3  in alcatraz    a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lowerclass london life  despite the title    amounts to surprisingly little .
the jokes are sophomoric  stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
will give many ministers and biblestudy groups hours of material to discuss  but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film  which is often preachy and poorly acted .
in its chicken heart  crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
its a boombox of a movie that might have been titled the loud and the ludicrous    the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
the first fatal attraction was vile enough  do we really need the tiger beat version .
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
when the fire burns out  weve only come facetoface with a couple dragons and thats where the film ultimately fails .
queen of the damned as you might have guessed  makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role  she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
it made me feel unclean  and im the guy who liked theres something about mary and both american pie movies  oh  and booty call .
not only is it hokey  manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk  but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us  it preaches .
its so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that its left a few crucial things out  like character development and coherence .
director roger michell does so many of the little things right that its difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
a loud  lowbudget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism urban drama .
the movie has a script  by paul pender  made of wood  and its relentlessly folksy  a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere  and just seems worse for the effort .
at some point  all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy  vaguely silly overkill .
whats needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
an ambitious  serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong  sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick  bartleby performs neither one very well .
it plays like a bigbudget  afterschool special with a generous cast  who at times lift the material from its wellmeaning clunkiness .
theres something not entirely convincing about the quiet american  and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
one of those strained caper movies thats hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
the ending doesnt work    but most of the movie works so well im almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right  and then step wrong .
its hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
so brisk is wangs pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
the bottom line  at least in my opinion  is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
it is just too bad the films story does not live up to its style .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer  if youre looking to rekindle the magic of the first film  youll need a stronger stomach than us .
shreves graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen  and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a lesscompelling soap opera .
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether  in part because the consciously dumbeddown approach wears thin .
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing agesold slapstick and unfunny tricks .
this is a film tailormade for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliffnotes over reading a fulllength classic .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology thats just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indieheads .
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting  shooting or postproduction stages .
a sad and rote exercise in milking a playedout idea  a straight guy has to dress up in drag  that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
personal velocity ought to be exploring these womens inner lives  but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
we hate madonna within the films first five minutes  and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger  with a physique to match  ahola has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that doesnt produce any real transformation .
two big things are missing  anything approaching a visceral kick  and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
the doofuson theloose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky  afterhours loopiness to it  and as with most latenight bull sessions  eventually the content isnt nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devitos early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
despite auteuils performance  its a rather listless amble down the middle of the road  where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
an unintentionally surreal kids picture    in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of interspecies parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
first  for a movie that tries to be smart  its kinda dumb  and second  whats with all the shooting .
there is something in full frontal  i guess  about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them  but like most movie riddles  it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .
not counting a few grossout comedies ive been trying to forget  this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
plays like one long  meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz  rather than a fully developed story .
the film doesnt have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers  and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
a mawkish selfparody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
bartletts hero remains a reactive cipher  when opening the mans head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another  most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
less worrying about covering all the drama in fridas life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
in any case  i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995s forget paris  but even then  id recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes .
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen  then laughs at how clever its being .
nijinsky says  i know how to suffer and if you see this film youll know too .
cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppolas brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about .
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
instead of contriving a climactic heros death for the belovedmajor characterwhoshall remainnameless  why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens laser guns actually hit something for once .
it just didnt mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on  or be entertained by .
this actionthrillerdark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand andor restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything  thats because relatively nothing happens .
no amount of arty theorizing  the special effects are germanexpressionist   according to the press notes  can render it anything but laughable .
blue crush follows the formula  but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
boyds screenplay  cowritten with guardian hack nick davies  has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
theres not a spark of new inspiration in it  just more of the same  done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin  inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
its salient points are simultaneously buried  drowned and smothered in the excesses of writerdirector roger avary .
im not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence  this erotic cannibal movie is boring .
did the film inform and educate me  yes  did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia  no  and that is where ararat went astray .
eight legged freaks wont join the pantheon of great monsterscience fiction flicks that we have come to love .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
who  exactly  is fighting whom here  ah  yes  that would be me  fighting off the urge to doze .
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight  and indicative of his  if you will  outofkilter character  who rambles aimlessly through illconceived action pieces .
contrived  awkward and filled with unintended laughs  the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
starts out with tremendous promise  introducing an intriguing and alluring premise  only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pellmell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
the only question    is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured  to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering  average  at best  im afraid .
this movie feel more like a nonstop cry for attention  than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
love may have been in the air onscreen  but i certainly wasnt feeling any of it .
in addition to the overcooked  hamfisted direction  which has all the actors reaching for the back row  the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
its as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter uhhh   which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart  amaris film falls short in building the drama of lilias journey .
the soulsearching deliberateness of the film  although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit  eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
comes across as a relic from a bygone era  and its convolutions    feel silly rather than plausible .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such messagemongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
its a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
once one experiences mr  hanekes own sadistic tendencies toward his audience  one is left with a sour taste in ones mouth  and little else .
oops  shes really done it this time  that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computergenerated effects  the new star wars installment hasnt escaped the rut dug by the last one .
the director mostly plays it straight  turning leys fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
bad  is the operative word for  bad company   and i dont mean that in a good way .
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymors preposterous titus  the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry  but ram dass  fierce grace doesnt organize it with any particular insight .
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
its loud and boring  watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
merely  and literally  tosses around sex toys and offers halfhearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes  most at womens expense .
if you want a movie time trip  the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate standupcomedy mill .
grows decidedly flimsier with its many outsized  out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story  this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted  and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
aggressive selfglorification and a manipulative whitewash  stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
as social expos  skins has its heart in the right place  but thats not much to hang a soap opera on .
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
theres a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned  as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate  but generally  its a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
the only way to tolerate this insipid  brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
at a time when weve learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is  collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
like a can of 2day old coke  you can taste it  but theres no fizz .
theres no excuse for following up a delightful  wellcrafted family film with a computergenerated cold fish .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual  but they dont fit well together and neither is well told .
other than a mildly engaging central romance  hospital is sickly entertainment at best and minddestroying cinematic pollution at worst .
jaglom offers the nonetoooriginal premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
outside of burgers desire to make some kind of film  its really unclear why this project was undertaken .
was i scared  only at the prospect of becks next project  lets see  a haunted house  a haunted ship  whats next    ghost blimp .
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad  mildly fleshedout characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion  you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
since lee is a sentimentalist  the film is more worshipful than your random e  true hollywood story .
wes cravens presence is felt  not the craven of a nightmare on elm street or the hills have eyes   but the sad schlock merchant of deadly friend .
sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology  but the cinematography is cloudy  the picture making becalmed .
it gets old quickly  watch barbershop again if youre in need of a cube fixthis isnt worth sitting through .
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting its worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation  it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny  and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
we just dont really care too much about this love story  in that setting  their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib  but recycles the same premise .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the years radar screen that its tempting just to go with it for the ride  but this time  the old mib label stands for milder isnt better .
instead of making his own style  director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources  bad mixture .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
its fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywoodaction cliches .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that im not sure could be a single iota worse    a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
an uneven look into a grim future that doesnt come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k  dick stories .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast  excepting love hewitt   an interesting racial tension  and a storyline that i havent encountered since at least petes dragon .
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
as the sulking  moody male hustler in the title role  franco has all of deans mannerisms and selfindulgence  but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
the only thing to fear about  fear dot com  is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
its too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
synthetic is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
impostor cant think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels  fight off various anonymous attackers  and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
judds characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women  foolish choices for advice .
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rocks fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
this illconceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
doesnt get the job done  running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
its impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard  eileen walsh  when her reallife persona is so charmless and vacant .
it wasnt the subject matter that ultimately defeated the filmit was the unfulfilling  incongruous   wait a second  did i miss something   ending .
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long youve been sitting still .
so earnest and wellmeaning  and so stocked with talent  that you almost forget the sheer  ponderous awfulness of its script .
just a string of stale gags  with no good inside dope  and no particular bite .
the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera  not to mention a sharper  cleaner camera lens .
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed  hes taken one of the worlds most fascinating stories and made it dull  lifeless  and irritating .
granddad of le nouvelle vague  jeanluc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hideandseek .
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling workingclass spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
its better than the phantom menace  but unless youre an absolute raving star wars junkie  it isnt much fun .
a standard policeoriented drama that  were it not for de niros participation  would have likely wound up a tnt original .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting  circuit is the awkwardly paced soap operaish story .
i can easily imagine benignis pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial  coal isnt as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty childrens stockings .
ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes  eyefilling  widescreen production design and joans wacky decision to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that hes a disloyal satyr .
the whole affair  true story or not  feels incredibly hokey    it comes off like a hallmark commercial .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard  which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog  is that its not as obnoxious as tom greens freddie got fingered .
tara reid plays a college journalist  but she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i dont know what shes doing in here .
the young stars are too cute  the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative  the message is too blatant  the resolutions are too convenient .
normally  rohmers talky films fascinate me  but when he moves his setting to the past  and relies on a historical text  he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
its been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie  but resident evil really earned my indignant  preemptive departure .
this picture is mostly a lump of runofthemill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office  or trying to win over a probation officer .
malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain  but the movies narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
a blair witch style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera  with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
it is too bad that this likable movie isnt more accomplished  the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
brainless  but enjoyably overthetop  the retro gang melodrama  deuces wild represents fifties teengang machismo in a way that borders on roughtrade homoeroticism .
what john does is heroic  but we dont condone it   one of the films stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the pictures moral schizophrenia .
like coming into a longrunning  wellwritten television series where youve missed the first halfdozen episodes and probably wont see the next six .
its generic villains lack any intrigue  other than their funny accents  and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
hardcore slasher aficionados will find things to like    but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palmas addiction to the junkcalorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea  this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm  rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived  wellworn situations .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one .
once icet sticks his mug in the window of the couples bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue  all credibility flies out the window .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding  quitting  however  manages just to be depressing  as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck  preferably a semi .
in the end  all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
for most movies  84 minutes is short  but this one feels like a life sentence .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of rivers edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role  he represents bartlebys main overall flaw .
something has been lost in the translation    another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film  which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
with jump cuts  fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics  yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is  he fails .
i found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
one problem with the movie  directed by joel schumacher  is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
its not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned  the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
if religious films arent your bailiwick  stay away  otherwise  this could be a passable date film .
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
it is most of the things costner movies are known for  its sanctimonious  selfrighteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
dont let the subtitles fool you  the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
the director  with his fake backdrops and stately pacing  never settles on a consistent tone .
one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in the characters misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
this dubious product of a collegespawned  colgate u   comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
super troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and the decidedly foul stylings of their postmodern contemporaries  the farrelly brothers .
will always be remembered for the 911 terrorist attacks  after seeing the film  i can tell you that theres no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
made me feel uneasy  even queasy  because solondzs cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
as a kind of colorful  dramatized pbs program  frida gets the job done  but  for that  why not watch a documentary .
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film    its not even a tv special youd bother watching past the second commercial break .
you can see where big bad love is trying to go  but it never quite gets there .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by africanamericans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards africanamericans .
its not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe    but its far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
the only thing  swept away  is the one hour and thirtythree minutes spent watching this waste of time .
onesided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation     stylistically  the movie is a disaster .
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
egoyans work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view  but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
life or something like it has its share of high points  but it misses too many opportunities .
despite bearing the paramount imprint  its a bargainbasement european pickup  whats hard to understand is why anybody picked it up  wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there .
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that theyd need a shower .
the santa clause 2s plot may sound like it was cowritten by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
his best film remains his shortest  the hole  which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
kung pow is oedekerks realization of his childhood dream to be in a martialarts flick  and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhangs forte  his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
not completely loveable  but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been   but certainly hard to hate .
a movie that cant get sufficient distance from leroys delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffectedindiefilm mode  and brother hoffmans script stumbles over a lateinning twist that just doesnt make sense .
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary  and on both sides it falls short .
cant get enough of libidinous young city dwellers  try this obscenely bad dark comedy  so crass that it makes edward burns sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .
on top of a foundering performance  madonnas denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kongs john woo  hes not good with people .
stevens is so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
one of the more glaring signs of this movies servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms  spears .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever  he has a great cast and a great idea  but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
when not wallowing in its characters frustrations  the movie is busy contriving false  sitcomworthy solutions to their problems .
an overstylized  pured mlange of sex  psychology  drugs and philosophy  sometimes entertaining  sometimes indulgent  but never less than pure wankery .
ringu is a disaster of a story  full of holes and completely lacking in chills  ignore the reputation  and ignore the film .
this one is a few bits funnier than malles dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
its painful to watch witherspoons talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination  i mean  alabama .
a plodding teen remake thats so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe  when are bears bears and when are they like humans  only hairier  would tax einsteins brain .
even in terms of the lowgrade cheese standards on which it operates  it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold  and the viewers  into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
its a 100year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
one big laugh  three or four mild giggles  and a whole lot of not much else .
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche  no such thing is hartleys least accessible screed yet .
kenneth branaghs energetic sweetandsour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed  erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and childrearing in los angeles .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out  cannot overcome blah characters .
ms  phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma  and is unable to project either esthers initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion  lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
the script boasts some tart tvinsider humor  but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
in both the writing and cutting  it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you  you end up simply admiring this bit or that  this performance or that .
cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dustcaked stagnation and labored gentility .
the original wasnt a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece .
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
theres no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes  plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
im not sure which half of dragonfly is worse  the part where nothings happening  or the part where somethings happening  but its stupid .
dont expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare grossout comedy cycle .
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public  to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy selfindulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
conforms itself with creating a game of whos who    where the characters moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
the script is a tired one  with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
while the film is competent  its also uninspired  lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
its harmless  diverting fluff  but its hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
comedy troupe broken lizards first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick .
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters  which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepycrawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
its a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric  but never clearly seen or felt .
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you cant wait to see end .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch  so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
who are they  well  theyre they  theyre the unnamed  easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid  they exist for hushed lines like  theyre back     theyre out there   and  theyre coming .
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold  a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
were dylan thomas alive to witness firsttime director ethan hawkes strained chelsea walls  he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to  do not go gentle into that good theatre .
the story has its redundancies  and the young actors  not very experienced  are sometimes inexpressive .
im sure the filmmaker would disagree  but  honestly  i dont see the point  its a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of whats wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
the adventure doesnt contain half the excitement of balto  or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
a mess  the screenplay does too much meandering  norton has to recite bland police procedural details  fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced  hopkins looks like a drag queen .
the screenplay by james eric  james horton and director peter ofallon    is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainbergs adaptation of mary gaitskills harrowing short story    is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderberghs best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  oceans eleven   never were .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes  director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of    outrageous gags .
you can see the wouldbe surprises coming a mile away  and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer  thumbs down .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
if were to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because shes french  do we have that same option to slap her creators because theyre clueless and inept .
moretti plays giovanni  a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy  too predictably  in fact .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film  someone crosses arnie  arnie blows things up .
ice age posits a heretofore unfathomable question  is it possible for computergenerated characters to go through the motions .
an incoherent jumble of a film thats rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
more dutiful than enchanting    terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue  this indie flick never found its audience  probably because its extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity  a movie without an apparent audience .
barneys ideas about creation and identity dont really seem all that profound  at least by way of what can be gleaned from this threehour endurance test built around an hours worth of actual material .
affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
cinematic pyrotechnics aside  the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude  it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls  his film is a frat boys idea of a good time .
the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
nothing more or less than an outright bodiceripper  it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange  the fact that it isnt very good is almost beside the point .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottomfeeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles book does not translate well to the screen .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasnt  guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller  you know death is lurking around the corner  just waiting to spoil things .
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies  and he gives none to the audience .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me  horrors   into scrooge .
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references  kung pow  is the kind of movie thats criticproof  simply because it aims so low .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations  wheres the movie here .
cassavetes thinks hes making dog day afternoon with a cause  but all hes done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill  didactic cartoon .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichs and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr  chips off the old block .
although sensitive to a fault  its often overwritten  with a surfeit of weighty revelations  flowery dialogue  and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
its so badly made on every level that im actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
without nonstop techno or the existential overtones of a kieslowski morality tale  maelstrm is just another winter sleepers .
nicks  seemingly uncertain whats going to make people laugh  runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
if theres one thing this world needs less of  its movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldnt pass an entrance exam .
i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
in its best moments  resembles a bad high school production of grease  without benefit of song .
its inoffensive  cheerful  built to inspire the young people  set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery  its about as exciting as a sunburn .
his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude  calculated to provoke shocked laughter  without following up on a deeper level .
at times  the suspense is palpable  but by the end theres a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big  colorful characters  mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
its too selfimportant and plodding to be funny  and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
the best that can be said about the work here of scottish director ritchie    is that he obviously doesnt have his heart in it .
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
it believes its revealing some great human truths  when  in reality  its churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
it all drags on so interminably its like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibis generic angst  there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows .
theres only so much anyone can do with a florid  overplotted  anne rice rock n roll vampire novel before the builtin silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
its another video movie photographed like a film  with the bad lighting thats often written off as indie film naturalism .
the techno tux is good for a few laughs  as are chan and hewitt  but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff  we cant recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .
apart from dazzling cinematography  weve seen just about everything in blue crush in one form or the other .
van wilder doesnt bring anything new to the proverbial table  but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crassathons like tomcats  freddy got fingered  and slackers .
very special effects  brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality cant hide the giant achilles heel in  stuart little 2   theres just no story  folks .
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous  but with bears  and a g rating   with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer  just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
the movies accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach  but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of firered flame tattoos covering his shoulder  however  kilmer seems to be posing  rather than acting  and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
theres just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichd  doddering  misogynistic boys club .
when the film ended  i felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
full of witless jokes  dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios  and saddled with a general air of misogyny .
the films hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations  nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
it feels like an afterschool special gussied up with some fancy special effects  and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
this movie is maddening  it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete  as if the real story starts just around the corner .
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures  wouldnt one about their famous dad  author of death in venice  etc   be more valuable .
 is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri  i had to look away  this was god awful .
velocity represents everything wrong with independent film as a commodified  soldout concept on the american filmmaking scene .
because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene  swimfan left me with a very bad feeling .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject thats potentially moving  the movie is too predictable and too selfconscious to reach a level of high drama .
a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
corpus collosum  while undeniably interesting  wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
the last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming  but most of the movie is the same teenage american roadtrip drek weve seen before  only this time you have to read the fart jokes .
its hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable  and shiner  starring michael caine as an aging british boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune  is certainly that .
involves two mysteries  one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
overall the film feels like a lowbudget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
its of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie  six days  seven nights  maybe  or that dreadful sabrina remake .
despite all evidence to the contrary  this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie  the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
this movie is something of an impostor itself  stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
hey arnold  the movie could have been made 40 years ago  and parents appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character  we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
a working class  us vs  them  opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
if the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of there but for the grace of god   it is far too selfconscious to draw you deeply into its world .
there are simply too many ideas floating around  part farce  part sliding doors  part pop video  and yet failing to exploit them .
it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster  anne meara  eugene levy  and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie .
the idea of 49yearold roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough  the reality of the new liveaction pinocchio he directed  cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
zaidans script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
try as i may  i cant think of a single good reason to see this movie  even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted  thank you   when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
while its nice to watch a movie that hasnt been focusgrouped into tedium  yus cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
though catch me if you can isnt badly made  the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances  but the movie doesnt quite fly  for starters  the story is just too slim .
the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one  the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes  southern california locations and star power .
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie  but more often just feels generic  derivative and done to death .
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostesss home video of their babys birth .
while hill has learned new tricks  the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
in the real world  an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like  girl in bar 3 .
hey arnold  the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size  and it aint pretty .
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever  but its certainly not a champion  the big loser is the audience .
you really have to wonder how on earth anyone  anywhere could have thought theyd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
in the end  we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love  chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
wellnigh unendurable    though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry  it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
while much of the cast has charm  especially allodi and nolden  the performers are sunk by the films primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
yes  ballistic is silly  unfortunately  its not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
the twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance  but twists are getting irritating  and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows .
the longer the movie goes  the worse it gets  but its actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
while its genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records  sugar hill gang  etc    the constant referencing of hiphop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up  but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrmans destructive escapism or the graceinrebellion found by his characters .
does little more than play an innocuous game of fillin theblanks with a tragic past .
has a long and clunky ending    which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudoserious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audiences awkward silence .
a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative  of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
uncommonly stylish but equally silly    the picture fails to generate much suspense  nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
its a trifle of a movie  with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
it does nothing new with the old story  except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stopgo slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like theyre being streamed over a 28k modem .
makes for some truly odd  at times confusing  kids entertainment    but at least this time theres some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
the film contains no good jokes  no good scenes  barely a moment when carveys saturday night livehoned mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
jacquots rendering of puccinis tale of devotion and doublecross is more than just a filmed opera  in his first stab at the form  jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
its as if youre watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak  and it has been unearthed and released now  when it has become even weaker .
in execution  this clever idea is far less funny than the original  killers from space .
the films few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation  the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency  its just filler .
utterly lacking in charm  wit and invention  roberto benignis pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
a hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the masondixon line .
scores no points for originality  wit  or intelligence  its a cookiecutter movie  a cutandpaste job .
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering  millers hand often feels unsure .
pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life  but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his codirector  tony r  abrams  in their feature debut .
at its best  queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the 60s  at its worst  it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
from the opening scenes  its clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as worse than expected   but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
despite impeccable acting    and a script that takes some rather unexpected  even  at times  preposterous  turns  love is just too  too precious in the end .
a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments  including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether .
by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters  i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
too often  the viewer isnt reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
delivers the same old same old  tarted up with latin flava and turned out by hollywood playas .
if you believe any of this  i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
to call the other side of heaven  appalling  would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
in exactly 89 minutes  most of which passed as slowly as if id been sitting naked on an igloo  formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp  the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
its like every bad idea thats ever gone into an afterschool special compiled in one place  minus those daytime programs slickness and sophistication  and who knew they even had any .
while the resident evil games may have set new standards for thrills  suspense  and gore for video games  the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed  mostly inarticulate  hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
to my taste  the films comic characters come perilously close to being amoses and andys for a new generation .
what the director can8217  t do is make either of val kilmer8217  s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
in an effort  i suspect  not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted  it offends by just being wishywashy .
its difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script  but heres guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
its not that kung pow isnt funny some of the time  it just isnt any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves  without all oedekerks impish augmentation .
a very long movie  dull in stretches  with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
a sciencefiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
once kim begins to overplay the shock tactics and baitandtackle metaphors  you may decide its too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
the words  frankly  my dear  i dont give a damn   have never been more appropriate .
all the ampedup tony hawkstyle stunts and thrashing rapmetal cant disguise the fact that  really  weve been here  done that .
for all the writhing and wailing  tears  rage and opium overdoses  theres no sense of actual passion being washed away in loves dissolution .
a nightmare date with a halfformed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
doesnt offer much besides glib soullessness  raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces    that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
theres something with potential here  but the movie decides  like lavinia  to go the conservative route .
the strippeddown approach does give the film a certain timeless quality  but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious .
but the power of these subjects is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration  rather than contributing to a films narrative .
tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
paid in full is so stale  in fact  that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from brian de palmas scarface  thats a cheat .
harrisons flowers puts its heart in the right place  but its brains are in no particular place at all .
this redo is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that  ironically  it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenters ghosts of mars  with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
too restrained to be a freak show  too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral  too dull and pretentious to be engaging    the isle defies an easy categorization .
an unpredictable blend of galpal smart talk  romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writerdirector john mckay can swallow .
its one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic  the wife is patient  the kids are as cute as all getout and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate  but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
the time machine  is a movie that has no interest in itself  it doesnt believe in itself  it has no sense of humorits just plain bored .
a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
a morose little soap opera about three vapid  insensitive people who take turns hurting each other  its a featurelength adaptation of one of those  can this marriage be saved   columns from ladies home journal .
im sure if youre a hartley fan  you might enjoy yourself    me  i didnt care for it .
its about following your dreams  no matter what your parents think  socrates motions for hemlock .
the script isnt very good  not even someone as gifted as hoffman  the actor  can make it work .
walter hills pulpy  stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable inthering matchup with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
its hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right theres at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
although there are several truly jolting scares  theres also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
star trek  nemesis meekly goes where nearly every star trek movie has gone before  winceinducing dialogue  thriftshop costumes  prosthetic makeup by silly putty and kmart bluelightspecial effects all conspire to test trekkie loyalty .
like all abstract art  the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way  and  unless prewarned  it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
im guessing the director is a magician  after all  he took three minutes of dialogue  30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90minute movie that feels five hours long .
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series  accompanying the stunthungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags  pranks  pratfalls  dares  injuries  etc .
its well of thorn and vinegar  and simple humanity  has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
for all its impressive craftsmanship  and despite an overbearing series of thirdact crescendos  lily chouchou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
this movie seems to have been written using madlibs  there can be no other explanation  hilariously inept and ridiculous .
veras technical prowess ends up selling his film short  he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
given how heavyhanded and portentheavy it is  this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
pretension  in its own way  is a form of bravery  for this reason and this reason only  the power of its own steadfast  hoitytoity convictions  chelsea walls deserves a medal .
with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perrys boss  there isnt a redeeming moment here .
its a grab bag of genres that dont add up to a whole lot of sense .
director ofallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen  but his skill at telling a story  he also contributed to the screenplay  falls short .
the intent is almost exactly the same as the full monty  all thats missing is the spontaneity  originality and delight .
no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
even the finest chef cant make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog  and robert de niro cant make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
theres too much falseness to the second half  and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull  ridiculous attempt at hearttugging .
miller is playing so free with emotions  and the fact that children are hostages to fortune  that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life  the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento  a producer here   but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
its slow  very  very slow  its not the ultimate depressionera gangster movie  thats pure pr hype .
characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses  no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license avary employs .
visually rather stunning  but ultimately a handsomelooking bore  the true creativity would have been to hide treasure planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros   peter and bobby  and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end  along with greens halfhearted movie career .
there seems to be no clear path as to where the storys going  or how long its going to take to get there .
if youre a wwf fan  or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a  i   youll probably like rollerball .
i dont think i laughed out loud once  and when youre talking about a slapstick comedy  thats a pretty big problem .
its so mediocre  despite the dynamic duo on the marquee  that we just cant get no satisfaction .
slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschoolers fancy  but when it costs a family of four about 40 to see a film in theaters  why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead .
turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
my reaction in a word  disappointment  his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images  but his latest has nothing going for it .
it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times  but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects  not the least of which is rebecca romijnstamos .
feels haphazard  as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses  many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid  whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
in its own way  joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buuel film without the latters attendant intelligence  poetry  passion  and genius .
ive always dreamed of attending cannes  but after seeing this film  its not that big a deal .
the vintage is pure 87  with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message  fatal attraction  dont have an affair with a nutjob  unfaithful  dont if youre married to one .
it cannot be enjoyed  even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick  primarily because it is dull  yes  dull .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude 70s throwback .
while long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism  jane goodalls wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
this piece of channel 5 grade trash is  quite frankly  an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
its mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters  hitandmiss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum  not even ms  redgraves noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
an appalling ace ventura ripoff that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak  former wrestler chyna and dolly parton  if any of them list this credit on their resumes in the future  thatll be much funnier than anything in the film .
scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent  perdition  meanwhile  reads more like driving miss daisy than goodfellas .
while the script starts promisingly  it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
as the latest bid in the tvtomovie franchise game  i spy makes its bigscreen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking smallscreen progenitor .
the director knows how to apply textural gloss  but his portrait of sexaswar is strictly sitcom .
the film suffers from a lack of humor  something needed to balance out the violence .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another  narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse  and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
the soinept itssurreal dubbing  featuring the voices of glenn close  regis philbin and breckin meyer  brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
if this disposable tissue has one wild card  its john turturro  whos simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
fancy a real downer  leigh lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
professionally speaking  its tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
nelsons brutally unsentimental approach    sucks the humanity from the film  leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
weaves a spell over you  with its disturbingly closeup look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger  but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
theres a solid woman findingherself story somewhere in here  but youd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
i still cant relate to stuart  hes a mouse  for cryin out loud  and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
serry wants to blend politics and drama  an admirable ambition  its too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk     actually pretty good  of course  by more objective measurements its still quite bad .
the only entertainment youll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them .
sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
lstima por schwarzenegger  pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
its story may be a thousand years old  but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus  i sympathize with the plight of these families  but the movie doesnt do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
puportedly  based on true events   a convolution of language that suggests its impossible to claim that it is  based on a true story  with a straight face .
a plotline thats as lumpy as twoday old porridge    the filmmakers paws  sad to say  were all over this  unbearable  project .
its a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood  windtalkers is nothing but a stickysweet soap .
better to just call it abc kiarostami  for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version  this is a shameless sham  calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
manages to be somewhat wellacted  not badly artdirected and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling  touching or  yikes  uproarious .
this rather superficial arthouse middlebrow film knows how to please a crowd  and thats about all it does well .
its clear the filmmakers werent sure where they wanted their story to go  and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didnt reserve enough for his second .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  hes understated and sardonic  shes appealingly manic and energetic  both deserve better .
suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters  this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since its been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
sit through this one  and you wont need a magic watch to stop time  your dvd player will do it for you .
plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a clicheriddled but selfserious spy thriller .
what is 100 missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy  an inkling of genuine wit  and anything resembling acting .
the movie  directed by mick jackson  leaves no cliche unturned  from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up  everythings in place but somethings just a little offkilter .
the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demmes perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesypie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood postproduction effects .
for all its technical virtuosity  the film is so mired in juvenile and nearxenophobic pedagogy that its enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indianamerican would recognize  and the lesson  in the end  is nothing new .
it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the directors brother  the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes  playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises .
combining quickcut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time  beck seems to be under the illusion that hes shooting the latest system of a down video .
dragonfly has no atmosphere  no tension  nothing but costner  flailing away  its a buggy drag .
works hard to establish rounded characters  but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
the action switches between past and present  but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125year divide .
nonsensical  dull  cyberhorror  flick is a grim  hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
there ought to be a directing license  so that ed burns can have his revoked .
the structure the film takes may find matt damon and ben affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a good will hunting trilogy that was never planned .
whereas last years exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie  this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
green might want to hang onto that ski mask  as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
i can take infantile humor    but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writers diapers .
the tale of tok  andy lau   a sleek sociopath on the trail of o  takashi sorimachi   the most legendary of asian hitmen  is too scattershot to take hold .
a lackluster  unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j  m  barries peter pan .
samira makhmalbafs new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness  although  its unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal .
late marriages stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep u  s  viewers off their feet .
this time mr  burns is trying something in the martin scorsese streetrealist mode  but his selfregarding sentimentality trips him up again .
while theres something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying get in the car  bitch   this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer .
its hampered by a lifetimechannel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
lets hope  shall we   that the true story by which all the queens men is allegedly  inspired  was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than whats been cobbled together onscreen .
is there a group of more selfabsorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film  i dont think so  nothing wrong with performances here  but the whiney characters bugged me .
there is very little dread or apprehension  and though i like the creepy ideas  they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
if youve ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies  what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
in the end  the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
adults will wish the movie were less simplistic  obvious  clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized  but what are adults doing in the theater at all .
sticky sweet sentimentality  clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwiiera mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
every time you look  sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
partway through watching this saccharine  eastereggcolored concoction  you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
the overall effect is less like a childrens movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
portentous and pretentious  the weight of water is appropriately titled  given the heavyhandedness of it drama .
a fitfully amusing romp that  if nothing else  will appeal to fans of malcolm in the middle and its pubescent star  frankie muniz .
jason x is positively antidarwinian  nine sequels and 400 years later  the teens are none the wiser and jason still kills on autopilot .
to say this was done better in wilders some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
at the very least  if you dont know anything about derrida when you walk into the theater  you wont know much more when you leave .
as chick flicks go  this one is pretty miserable  resorting to stringpulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
theres no emotional pulse to solaris  with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting  soderberghs spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
it cant decide if it wants to be a mysterythriller  a romance or a comedy .
denis oneills script avoids the prime sports cliche  a lastsecond goal to win the championship  but it neglects few others .
the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
one of those pictures whose promising  if rather precious  premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year  noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87minute take .
with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on  chelsea walls is a tripleespresso endurance challenge .
a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip  young adult entertainment .
like the chelseas denizens    burdettes collageform scenario tends to overromanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
the film makes a fatal mistake  it asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
another inyourface wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
shaky closeups of turkeyonrolls  stubbly chins  liver spots  red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
i cant quite recommend it  its too patched together  but i almost can  its the kind of movie that makes you want to like it .
though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed  haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn  neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass  except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
on the whole  the movie lacks wit  feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that youre watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs    a sad sitcom of a movie  largely devoid of charm .
although hupperts intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it  the piano teacher is anything but fun .
it showcases carveys talent for voices  but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of ones patience to get to the good stuff .
may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
not really bad so much as distasteful  we need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy  something from a halloween that died .
davis    is so enamored of her own creation that she cant see how insufferable the character is .
the man from elysian fields is a cold  blissless work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly  squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale  determined to be fun  and bouncy  with energetic musicals  the humor didnt quite engage this adult .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit  but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
the x potion gives the quickly named blossom  bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laserbeam eyes  which unfortunately dont enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form  but far too clunky  didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
skins has a right to yawp  and we have a right to our grains of salt .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole miss in the way of story .
returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters  sandler  who also executive produces  has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
its not original  and  robbed of the element of surprise  it doesnt have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
whenever its story isnt bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u  s  satellite  hunter  starring irwin and his american wifecolleague  terri  is a movie children should enjoy .
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films  but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
as befits its title  this pg13rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavyhanded that they instead pummel the audience .
like being trapped at a perpetual frat party    how can something so gross be so boring .
i felt sad for lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier  by rohmer  for example .
this is a train wreck of an action film  a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to forcefeed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark  decadent truffle .
its played in the most straightfaced fashion  with little humor to lighten things up  the heavyhanded film is almost laughable as a consequence .
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase comedy gag   at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard  particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip  the end result is a film thats neither .
every nanosecond of the the new guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable  something like scrubbing the toilet  or emptying rat traps  or doing last years taxes with your exwife .
scooby dooby doo  and shaggy too  you both look and sound great   but daphne  youre too buff  fred thinks hes tough  and velma  wow  youve lost weight .
is the time really ripe for a warmedover james bond adventure  with a village idiot as the 007 clone .
theres enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccinos characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs  young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
the humor isnt as sharp  the effects not as innovative  nor the story as imaginative as in the original  but it could have been worse .
some of their jokes work  but most fail miserably and in the end  pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
even horror fans will most likely not find what theyre seeking with trouble every day  the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special  freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class     designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears   crossroads  instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so .
its just disappointingly superficial  a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating  involving character study  but never does more than scratch the surface .
the title not only describes its main characters  but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the 70s or 80s  and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies  and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middleaged character .
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured  and torturing  artists and consuming but impossible love that you cant help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit  so i just did .
the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
the film seems a dead weight  the lack of pace kills it  although  in a movie about cancer  this might be apt .
for anyone who grew up on disneys 1950 treasure island  or remembers the 1934 victor fleming classic  this one feels like an impostor .
a clutchy  indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against    well  just stuff  watching scarlet diva  one is poised for titillation  raw insight or both  instead  we just get messy anger  a movie as personal therapy .
meandering  subaquatic mess  its so bad its good  but only if you slide in on a freebie .
the ending is a copout  what happens to john q  i dont have an i am sam clue .
this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bobs excellent adventure seem understated .
it doesnt quite deserve the gong  but there are more fascinating acts than  confessions of a dangerous mind .
unlike his directorial efforts  la femme nikita and the professional  the transporter lacks bessons perspective as a storyteller .
the overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than  say  ten    make that three minutes .
most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak  as are most of the subplots  this ones weaker than most .
audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
the film takes too long getting to the good stuff  then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
to say analyze that is de niros best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
the actors dont inhabit their roles  theyre trapped by them  forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
an oftendeadly boring  strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach .
this film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience  just pure slapstick with lots of inane  inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g .
there is no insight into the anguish of heidis life  only a depiction of pain  todays version of greek tragedy  the talkshow guest decrying her fate .
the editing is chaotic  the photography grainy and badly focused  the writing unintentionally hilarious  the direction unfocused  the performances as wooden .
when de palmas bad  hes really bad  and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films  young is cool  and too young is too cool .
i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around  but maybe itll be on video by then .
uncertain in tone    a garbled exercise in sexual politics  a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
alls well that ends well  and rest assured  the consciousnessraising lessons are cloaked in grossout gags .
the only thing worse than your substandard  runofthemill hollywood picture is an angstridden attempt to be profound .
if you think that jennifer lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry ben affleck  wait till you see maid in manhattan .
stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle  and more jokes land than crash  but ultimately serving sara doesnt distinguish itself from the herd .
culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
in the end  ted bundys only justification is the directors common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac  theres no larger point  and little social context .
a movie that  rather than skip along the seine  more or less slogs its way through soggy paris  tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
shot perhaps artistically with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by joaquin bacaasay  the lowbudget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
soul is whats lacking in every character in this movie and  subsequently  the movie itself .
a onetrick pony whose few ta bits still cant save itself from being unoriginal  unfunny and unrecommendable .
the worst kind of independent  the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors .
the production values are up there  the use of cgi and digital inkandpaint make the thing look really slick  the voices are fine as well  the problem  it is with most of these things  is the script .
proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith  why didnt he just do it  instead of using bad scifi as window dressing .
ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and its all over his chelsea walls .
im not suggesting that you actually see it  unless youre the kind of person who has seen every wim wenders film of the 70s .
while the film misfires at every level  the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in whats supposed to be a comedy .
a 93minute condensation of a 26episode tv series  with all of the pitfalls of such youd expect .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things  she lists ingredients  but never mixes and stirs .
audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far  and that does not include the 5 oclock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow  enter the fist .
it delivers some chills and sustained unease  but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
i would have preferred a transfer down the hall to mr  hollands class for the music  or to robin williamss lecture so i could listen to a teacher with humor  passion  and verve .
for the most part  the ingredients are there  but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbecks film from coming together .
an earnest  heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives  its also heavyhanded and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
yes  one enjoys seeing joan grow from awkward young woman to strong  determined monarch  but her love for the philandering philip only diminishes her stature .
its a film that hinges on its casting  and glover really doesnt fit the part .
this is a throwaway  junkfood movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
with the candylike taste of it fading faster than 25cent bubble gum  i realized this is a throwaway movie that wont stand the test of time  its a trifle .
literally nothing in the pool is new  but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980s this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
anyway  for one reason or another  crush turns into a dire drama partway through  after that  it just gets stupid and maudlin  too bad  but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances  its not a total loss .
chao was chen kaiges assistant for years in china  he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
a mixed bag of a comedy that cant really be described as out of this world .
the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7  the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
the piano teacher is the sort of movie that discourages american audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
if its another regurgitated action movie youre after  theres no better film than half past dead .
so what is the point  lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland  basically .
when its all wet  blue crush is highly enjoyable  when its on dry land  though  this surfergirl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
most new movies have a bright sheen  some  like ballistic  arrive stillborn    looking like the beaten  wellworn video box cover of seven years into the future .
the story is naturally poignant  but firsttime screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
you see robert de niro singing  and dancing to  west side story show tunes  choose your reaction  a   that sure is funny  b   that sure is pathetic .
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw  evil is interesting and good is boring .
before long  the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
the charms of willful eccentricity  at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay  are beginning to wear a bit thin .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story  the films more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre  but what about the countless other people whod merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul .
scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug  but all in all its a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time  and clayburgh doesnt always improve the overthetop mix .
the movie is virtually without context  journalistic or historical  whats worse is that pelosi knows it .
instead go rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
its the kind of movie that ends up festooning u  s  art house screens for no reason other than the fact that its in french  well  mostly  with english subtitles and is magically significant because of that .
this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty  believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
expect to be reminded of other  better films  especially seven  which director william malone slavishly copies .
nair stuffs the film with dancing  henna  ornamentation  and group song  but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
its getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isnt laughing with us  folks  its laughing at us .
might have been better off as a documentary  with less of mr  eyres uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet  for benigni it wasnt shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio  it might as well have been problem child iv .
arnolds jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome  the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
we are left with a superficial snapshot that  however engaging  is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
helmer devito    attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics  payola  vice  murder  kids tv and revenge .
those same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously  and the stepford wives mentality doesnt work in a modern context .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold  the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
theres no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the disney classic  and even that of the excellent 1934 mgm version .
a simple  sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting  but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
roger michell  who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england  gets too artsy in his american debut .
there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagals character    performs is shot from behind  as if it could fool us into thinking that were not watching a double .
anthony hopkins  big deal  weve already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal  and it was better the first time .
ostensibly celebrates middleaged girl power  even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic  dysfunctional and destructive .
if this is an example of the type of project that robert redfords lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to  then perhaps its time to rethink independent films .
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
not so much funny as aggressively sitcomcute  its full of throwaway oneliners  notquite jokes  and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
its not that waiting for happiness is a bad film  because it isnt  its just incredibly dull .
the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isnt as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group  who live in the same apartment building  but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
egoyans movie is too complicated to sustain involvement  and  if youll excuse a little critical heresy  too intellectually ambitious .
it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film  but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
despite apparent motives to the contrary  it ends up being  like seinfelds revered tv show  about pretty much nothing .
shadyac shoots his film like an m  night shyamalan movie  and he frequently maintains the same snails pace  he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about  but not enough to make this anything more than another bigbudget bust .
the storys so preposterous that i didnt believe it for a second  despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
ive heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one  i wonder why  they felt like the same movie to me .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry  witherspoon is just too dialedup to be americas sweetheart .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker  but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances  but their screen time is sabotaged by the storys inability to create interest .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy    even for disney .
that is essentially whats missing from blackboards  the sense of something bigger  some ultimate point .
if the title is a jeopardy question  then the answer might be  how does steven seagal come across these days   or maybe  how will you feel after an 88minute ripoff of the rock with action confined to slomo gun firing and random glassshattering .
it is a comedy thats not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling  and an uneasy alliance  at that .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors  like them  it eventually culminates in the notexactly stunning insight that crime doesnt pay .
youll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot  youll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid  but when it has the temerity to run over two hours  you feel like winding up with a kick .
ritchies treatment of the class reversal is majorly hamfisted  from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in peoples faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
the film goes from being an unusual scifi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
for all its surface frenzy  high crimes should be charged with loitering  so much on view  so little to offer .
the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow  and theres something cringeinducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
alex nohes documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a reallife  bigbudget nc17 version of tank girl .
the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while youre watching this ultramanipulative thriller .
the appeal of the vulgar  sexist  racist humour went over my head or  considering just how low brow it is  perhaps it snuck under my feet .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe cant provide any conflict .
for the most part  i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphys better performances in one of his lesserpraised movies .
focuses on joans raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her  madness  so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and 9  50 on this 21st century torture device .
this series should have died long ago  but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this  you dont want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point  unless its that life stinks  especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
the movie feels like its going to be great  and it carries on feeling that way for a long time  but takeoff just never happens .
a gimmick in search of a movie  how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible  plot mechanics be damned .
the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
its often faintly amusing  but the problems of the characters never become important to us  and the story never takes hold .
its tough  astringent  darkly funny and    well  its also generic  untidy  condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
theres no denying the elaborateness of the artists conceptions  nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan  but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense  lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
theres plenty of style in guillermo del toros sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply cant sustain more than 90 minutes .
if youve been to more than one indie flick in your life  chances are youve already seen this kind of thing .
firsttime director joo pedro rodrigues unwillingness to define his heros background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
no reason for anyone to invest their hardearned bucks into a movie which obviously didnt invest much into itself either .
a boring  wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
the vampire thriller blade ii starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun  toward the end  you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
when the first few villians are introduced as  spider  and  snake  you know youre in for a real winner  creativity at its peak .
the final result makes for adequate entertainment  i suppose  but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling theyve watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
director byler may yet have a great movie in him  but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
so few movies explore religion that its disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
its also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline  and once the initial high wears off  the films shortcomings start to shine through .
watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
its fun  but a psychological mess  with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
there are touching moments in etoiles  but for the most part this is a dull  dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison  thats the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfans existence .
i didnt laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube  and his skinny buddy mike epps  to make like laurel and hardy n the hood .
the only way this supernatural snorefest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum  where viewers would be free to leave  immediately .
human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy  but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
its a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones  but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
the thriller side of this movie is falling flat  as the stalker doesnt do much stalking  and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
a strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
feels like one of those contrived  onlyin hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isnt much in the way of character development in the script .
earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parkers illadvised meddling with the timeless source material .
the film might have been more satisfying if it had  in fact  been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
not every animated film from disney will become a classic  but forgive me if ive come to expect more from this studio than some 79minute afterschool  cartoon .
do not  under any circumstances  consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas  and showtime is crammed full of them .
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature  but in its current incarnation  storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing  which is not to be confused with suspecting  until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
carente de imaginacin  mal dirigida  peor actuada y sin un pice de romance  es una verdadera prdida de tiempo y dinero .
acting  particularly by tambor  almost makes  never again  worthwhile  but writerdirector schaeffer should follow his titular advice .
both stars manage to be funny  but  like the recent i spy  the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
collateral damage  goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment  until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief .
enigma is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable  a waste of good performances .
a dreary  incoherent  selfindulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours    a cacophony of pretentious  meaningless prattle .
i kept thinking over and over again  i should be enjoying this   but i wasnt .
as conceived by mr  schaeffer  christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriters outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
like so many other allegedly scary movies  it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
the essential problem in orange county is that  having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast  the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
just like hearsts enormous yacht  its slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
there is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility  not an event that is believable  not a confrontation that is not staged  not a moment that is not false .
where last time jokes flowed out of chos life story  which provided an engrossing dramatic through line  here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
why come up with something even quasioriginal  when you can pillage from shirley jackson  richard matheson    and puke up something like rose red .
a broadly played  lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
though a bit of a patchwork in script and production  a glossy  rich green  environment almost makes the picture work .
wasabi is slight fare indeed  with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly  like one of huberts punches   but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
is  ballistic  worth the price of admission  absolutely not  it sucked  would i see it again  please see previous answer .
the premise is in extremely bad taste  and the films supposed insights are so poorly thoughtout and substancefree that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies  but fails loudly in execution .
kidman is really the only thing thats worth watching in birthday girl  a film by the stagetrained jez butterworth  mojo  that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of british comedies in the postfull monty world .
imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and youve imagined the ring .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling   interview  loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
taken individually or collectively  the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
if youre not a prepubescent girl  youll be laughing at britney spears moviestarring debut whenever it doesnt have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
new best friend shouldnt have gone straight to video  it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
wallace seems less like hes been burning to tell a war story than hes been itching to somehow tack one together .
began life as a computer game  then morphed into a movie  a bad one  of course .
part comedy  part drama  the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full  and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas  but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
dull  if not devoid of wit  this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history  but scarcely manages more than a modest  snoozy charm .
it is  by conventional standards  a fairly terrible movie    but it is also weirdly fascinating  a readymade eurotrash cult object  it is also  at times  curiously moving .
the tugofwar at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances  overheated pathos and long  wistful gazes .
being author wells greatgrandson  youd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material  but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
offensive in the way it exploits the hotbutton issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy  treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
mark me down as a nonbeliever in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
accuracy and realism are terrific  but if your film becomes boring  and your dialogue isnt smart  then you need to use more poetic license .
for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative  the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
although based on a reallife person  john  in the movie  is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams writerdirectorproducer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction  and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow  selfish  greedy characters .
its hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
an earnest racialissues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era  say  the 60s .
a hideous  confusing spectacle  one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future rice adaptations .
between bedroom scenes  viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue  they still wouldnt add up to the time required to boil a four minute egg .
despite all the talking  by the time the bloody climax arrives we still dont feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are  no real plot  no real conflict  no real point .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story  but her inner journey is largely unexplored and were left wondering about this exoticlooking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society  but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
oedekerk wrote patch adams  for which he should not be forgiven  why he was given free reign over this project  he wrote  directed  starred and produced  is beyond me .
whatever eyres failings as a dramatist  he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd  its all pretty cynical and condescending  too .
i cry for i spy  or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintagetv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
what you would end up with if you took orwell  bradbury  kafka  george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender  but thats just the problem with it  the director hasnt added enough of his own ingredients .
with recent tensions rekindled by the kathleen soliah trial and the upcoming trial of sla members emily and william harris  not to mention sept  11  its difficult these days to appreciate fires bright side .
flaunts its quirky excesses like a new years eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
writhing under dialogue like youre from two different worlds and tonight the maid is a lie and this  this is who you are   this schlockfilled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilcos last album .
schmaltzy and unfunny  adam sandlers cartoon about hanukkah is numbingly bad  little nicky bad  10 worst list bad .
its really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weaponderived buddycop movie  trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm  its only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
theres more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
too loud  too long and too frantic by half  die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over  tunnel under or barrel through .
the cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the festival of lights as mr  deeds was to that of frank capra .
if we dont demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose  we deserve the trash that we get .
morrissettes script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit  but it doesnt signify a whole lot either .
theres suspension of disbelief and then theres bad screenwriting    this film packs a wallop of the latter .
all ms  jovovich  as the sanctified heroine  has to do is look radiant  grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors  wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty  mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon  palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
this isnt just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby  its the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts  this must have been a difficult shoot  but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
its a decent glimpse into a time period  and an outcast  that is no longer accessible  but it doesnt necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
it might be the first scifi comedy that could benefit from a threes companystyle laugh track .
the movie takes itself too seriously and  as a result  it makes for only intermittent fun .
davis has a bright  chipper style that keeps things moving  while never quite managing to connect her wishfulfilling characters to the human race .
some of seagals action pictures are guilty pleasures  but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on autopilot .
a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
a longwinded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
there are films that try the patience of even the most cinemabesotted critic  and this was one of them .
watching trouble every day  at least if you dont know whats coming  is like biting into what looks like a juicy  delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
wellintentioned though it may be  its soapopera morality tales have the antiseptic  preprogrammed feel of an afterschool special .
what would jesus do if he was a film director  hed create a movie better than this .
when a set of preshooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer  better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film  thats a bad sign  a very bad sign .
its a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject  but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history  or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
cant kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers  still  this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
im afraid you wont get through this frankly fantastical bythenumbers bflick with just a suspension of disbelief  rather  youll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroformsoaked handkerchief .
the makers of divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood should offer a free ticket  second prize  of course  two free tickets  to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
god help the poor woman if attal is this insecure in real life  his fictional yvans neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
the films implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
youve already seen heartbreak if youve watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard  even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
a journey thats too random and inconclusive to be compelling  but which hoffmans brilliance almost makes worth taking .
but buying into sham truths and routine  indie  filmmaking  freundlich has made just another safe movie  its not horrible  just horribly mediocre .
not always too whimsical for its own good  but enough to do harm   this strange hybrid of crime thriller  quirky character study  thirdrate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
feel bad for king  whos honestly trying  and schwartzman  whos shot himself in the foot .
some actors steal scenes  tom green just gives them a bad odor  this selfinfatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard  but hes the most obvious one .
sometimes  fond memories should stay in the past  a lesson this film teaches all too well .
begins as a promising meditation on one of americas most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot  expertly cast  paced with crisp professionalism    and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterdays weather report .
the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then  out of embarrassment or stupidity  not warning anyone .
theres not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
in the second half of the film  freis control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for selfanalysis .
director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of  the longest yard  playbook like a checklist .
the furious coherence that deniro brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself  which feels  as it plods toward the end  less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
we never really feel involved with the story  as all of its ideas remain just that  abstract ideas .
one minute  you think youre watching a serious actioner  the next  its as though clips from the pink panther strikes again andor sailor moon have been spliced in .
opens as promising as any waradventure film youll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama  better suited for a movie titled  glory  a soldiers story .
these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds  but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
matthew mcconaughey tries  and fails  to control the screen with swaggering machismo and overthetop lunacy .
how on earth  or anywhere else  did director ron underwood manage to blow 100 million on this .
everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique  which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles  where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble  the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas  but it never manages to put them on the same path .
its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botchjobs  the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
its never a good sign when a films star spends the entirety of the film in a coma  its a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
it doesnt help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video  giving the whole thing a dirty  tasteless feel .
desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
this films relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmastree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow  a poor  if durable  imitation .
john mctiernans botched remake may be subtler than norman jewisons 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporatesports saga  its also stupider .
director dirk shafer and cowriter greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
as the characters get more depressed  the story gets more tiresome  especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director  this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit  with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavyhanded metaphors to choke a horse  or at least slow him down to a canter .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that arent funny .
anyone who can count to five  the films target market   can see where this dumbeddown concoction is going .
this idea has lost its originality    and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a onejoke picture .
the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime  one that brings military courtroom dramas down very  very low .
too silly to be frightening  too stolid to be funny  it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star  david arquette .
if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape  in his latest  hed have them mate .
it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
theology aside  why put someone who ultimately doesnt learn at the center of a kids story .
all that  powerpuff girls  charm is present in the movie  but its spread too thin .
collateral damage is  despite its alleged provocation post911  an antique  in the end  as are its star  its attitude and its obliviousness .
dawdles and drags when it should pop  it doesnt even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life  and if the hours wins best picture i just might .
by the end  i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
not a movie but a liveaction agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse  its almost funny .
despite a powerful portrayal by binoche  its a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
the picture is a primer on what happens when lack of knowhow mixes with lack of giveadamn .
given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same  we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster  this time  there isnt much .
despite the premise of a good story    it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality  it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
this goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crimebusting comic vehicle  a wellintentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring .
its difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassingim prepared to call it a draw .
so routine  familiar and predictable  it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated final draft computer program .
sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers  and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles    so its no surprise to see a worldclass filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn thats ultimately rather inconsequential .
although trying to balance selfreferential humor and a normal ol slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor  the result doesnt fully satisfy either the diehard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee  too bad the former murphy brown doesnt pop reese back .
a dreary ripoff of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
the picture  scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordionharmonicabanjo abomination  is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
good for a few unintentional laughs   extreme ops  was obviously made for the  xxx  crowd  people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting  writing  and direction .
a big  baggy  sprawling carnival of a movie  stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
as written by michael berg and michael j  wilson from a story by wilson  this relentless  allwiseguysallthetime approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety  it dives into soapy bathos .
choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about standup comedy .
the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex  outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
the only thing in pauline and paulette that you havent seen before is a scene featuring a football fieldsized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
it virtually defines a comedy thats strongly mediocre  with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
despite its title  amys orgasm is not a porno  though it is as tedious as one .
like a tonedeaf singer at a benefit concert  john q  is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
what kids will discover is a new collectible  what parents will suspect is that theyre watching a 76minute commercial .
beers  who  when shes given the right lines  can charm the paint off the wall    but the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
without september 11  collateral damage would have been just another bad movie  now its a bad  embarrassing movie .
theres a disturbing great white hope undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix  there is no real reason to see it  wait for video  and then dont rent it .
too much of this wellacted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger  more complicated story  one that never materializes .
when a film is created solely because its a marketable product  soulless and ugly movies like this are the result  let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
unfortunately  heartbreak hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
the more kevin costner rests on his prettyboy laurels  the public is  regrettably  going to have tepid films like dragonfly tossed at them .
its difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai  despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
the latest installment in the pokemon canon  pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two  likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
taken purely as an exercise in style  this oppressively gloomy technohorror clambake is impossible to ignore  but as a movie  its a humorless  disjointed mess .
if myers decides to make another austin powers movie  maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
too stupid to be satire  too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise  frank novaks irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soulkilling as its title is nearly meaningless .
overly stylized with lots of flash blackwhite freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudohip luxury car commercial   its  at its worst when its actually inside the ring .
what is captured during the conceptual process doesnt add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work  the selection  became in its final form .
if this is satire  its the smug and selfcongratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
had the film boasted a clearer  more memorable  the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
these people wouldnt know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
it doesnt quite work  but theres enough here to make us look forward to the russos next offering .
any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
the directors twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship  most notably wretched sound design .
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths  marisa tomei is good  but just a kiss is just a mess .
opens at a funeral  ends on the protagonists death bed and doesnt get much livelier in the three hours in between .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an alltime low in sorority boys  whose makers apparently believe that womens clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting  writing or direction .
the screenplay sabotages the movies strengths at almost every juncture  all the characters are stereotypes  and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
shouldnt have been allowed to use the word  new  in its title  because theres not an original character  siuation or joke in the entire movie .
often silly  and gross  but its rarely as moronic as some campus grossout films .
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap  any rock pile will do for a set  reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
the performances are so leaden  michael rymers direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
reggios trippy  ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified nike ad .
as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool  you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
if somebody was bored and    decided to make a dull  pretentious version of jesus son  theyd come up with something like bart freundlichs world traveler .
the best you can say about it is its so uninspired  it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
a tough go  but leighs depth and rigor  and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness  offsets to a notable degree the films oftenmined and despairing milieu .
too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good  it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
ben affleck as jack ryan  tom clancys intrepid hero  ridiculous  whats next  d  j  qualls as indiana jones  or tom green as han solo .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge  these are names to remember  in order to avoid them in the future .
if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise  it would have been better off dead .
i saw knockaround guys yesterday  and already the details have faded like photographs from the spanishamerican war    its so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis nothing novel  in the end  his rules is barely worth following .
the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and smalltown america .
no worse than a lot of the crap weve been offered this summer  and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
at first  the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious  but as the film goes on  the joke wears thin .
never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and  along the way  expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
the story itself is uninteresting  and the songs are painfully undistinguished  they might be giants so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
este  apenas mais um  longo  episdio do programa da mtv  a nica diferena  que  desta vez  a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibilo nos cinemas .
the parts are better than the whole  bizarre  funny  tragic  like love in new york .
while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand  scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch  elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
any one episode of the sopranos would send this illconceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
lanies professional success means she must be a failure at life  because shes driven by ambition and doesnt know how to have fun .
credit must be given to harland williams  michael rosenbaum and barry watson  who inject far more goodnatured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves .
if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift  somebody unwrapped it early  took out all the good stuff  and left behind the crap  literally .
so faithful to the doldrums of the notquiteurban  notquitesuburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
rambles on in a disjointed  substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent  and thats sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
haneke keeps us at arms length  guided more by intellect than heart  his story flattens instead of sharpens .
all the wellmeaningness in the world cant erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12step program for the jewish nazi .
like most sequels  it takes what worked last time  repeats it and adds more characters  more stunts  more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
theres no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong  this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously  but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his selfdeprecating act against murphys wellhoned prima donna shtick .
a minor picture with a major identity crisis  its sort of true and its sort of bogus and its hohum all the way through .
plays as hollow catharsis  with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
it will come as no surprise that the movie isnt scary  but heres the real damn  it isnt funny  either .
the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film  which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say  is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
what you get with empire is a movie youve seen many times before  repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
chos fans are sure to be entertained  its only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that  on the basis of this film alone  im not one of them .
looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriters imagination .
the period  swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers  gets the onceover once again in gangster no  1  but falls apart long before the end .
the overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy  but theres still a real sense that the star trek tradition has been honored as best it can  given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
de niro looks bored  murphy recycles murphy  and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
with danilo donatis witty designs and dante spinottis luscious cinematography  this might have made a decent childrens movie  if only benigni hadnt insisted on casting himself in the title role .
so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky softcore imagery with naughty fun .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
this film is so slick  superficial and trendhoppy  that its easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
just one more collection of penis  breast and flatulence gags in search of a story  or a profit  or some damn thing .
the acting is stiff  the story lacks all trace of wit  the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligans island  and the cgi scooby might well be the worst specialeffects creation of the year .
the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and  instead  rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep  i like frank the pug  though .
a restrained ribisi convinces as an italian  though if ever a movie needed one of the actors whiny jags to pump it up  this has to be among the rare ones .
a hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise  mr  desplechin is content to state it .
even the imaginative gore cant hide the musty scent of todd farmers screenplay  which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien  with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
if you pitch your expectations at an all time low  you could do worse than this oddly cheerful  but not particularly funny  bodyswitching farce .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life  but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and  perhaps unwittingly  relating it to what is happening in america in 2002  but hardtobelieve plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
though the book runs only about 300 pages  it is so densely packed    that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like mr  schepisis seems skimpy and unclear .
hey  at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where its heading .
intended to be a comedy about relationships  this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
director brian levant  who never strays far from his sitcom roots  skates blithely from one implausible situation to another  pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than youll find on a french poodle .
perhaps the heaviest  most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle  but lets just say the ingredients dont quite add up to a meal .
movies like this are selling the old european candor  the old wink of bold revelation  but in 2002  such revelations wilt .
i admire it and yet cannot recommend it  because it overstays its natural running time .
a fairly bythebooks blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
even if you feel like youve seen this movie a thousand times before  it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushis easygoing likableness .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of meanspiritedness .
a recipe for cinematic disaster    part quentin tarantino  part guy ritchie  and part 1960s spy spoof  its all bad .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movies power as a work of drama .
another big  dumb action movie in the vein of xxx  the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend  when she speaks  her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time  we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
much of what is meant to be inspirational and uplifting is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing the movies mindset .
home alone goes hollywood  a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do  besides  real movie producers arent this nice .
nelsons movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised  unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
passion  lipsynching  tragedy  and lots of really really high notes  for me  this opera isnt a favorite  so its a long time before the fat lady sings .
truth to tell  if youve seen more than halfadozen horror films  theres nothing here you havent seen before .
abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low  fortunately for all involved  this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
its a bad sign when youre rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects deaths just so the documentary will be over  but its indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
its frustrating to see these guys  who are obviously pretty clever  waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
i was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
k19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic  but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
a very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale    a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap  it would have benefitted the dialogue .
elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks  scrappy doo and scooby dumb  all wrapped up into one .
its badly acted  blandly directed  and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
in the end  white oleander isnt an adaptation of a novel  its a flashy  starsplashed reduction .
this film  starring anthony hopkins and chris rock  is your typical fish out of water story  youve seen them a million times  just one problem  fish out of water usually die  this one does .
a soggy  shapeless mess    just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a hauntedhouse movie .
a combination of standard  stiff tvstyle animation and snazzylooking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalkandslash fare  where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing  harts war  like the st  louis rams in the super bowl  waits until after halftime to get started .
a gob of drivel so sickly sweet  even the eager consumers of moores pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crme brle .
never quite transcends jokester status    and the punchline doesnt live up to barrys deadeyed  perfectly chilled delivery .
the films bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
a baffling misfire  and possibly the weakest movie woody allen has made in the last twenty years .
it wont be long before youll spy i spy at a video store near you .
this film looks like it was produced in 1954  shelved for 48 years  and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
earnest but earthbound    a slow  soggy  soporific  visually dank crime melodramacharacter study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
the pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film cant help but go soft and stinky .
for all its alleged youthful fire  xxx is no less subservient to bonds tired formula of guns  girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
if i spy were funny  enough  or exciting  enough  then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion its trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
frustratingly  dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficulttoswallow setting  and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
stephen earnharts documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental  straightforward text  when its really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay  the glacierpaced direction and the stereotypical characters .
how anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchyfeely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
the cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself  which contains few laughs and not much drama .
the plot is straight off the shelf  the performances are television caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85minute brushup course with the documentary derrida  or  you can do something fun tonight .
as with too many studio pics  plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighterthanair adventure .
static  repetitive  muddy and blurry  hey arnold  would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
for all of the contemporary postcolonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers  the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
while benigni  who stars and cowrote  seems to be having a wonderful time  he might be alone in that .
yes  4ever is harmless in the extreme and itll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes  but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away .
preposterous and tedious  sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that  unfortunately  occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment  its more like entertainment for trolls .
none of these characters resembles anyone youve ever met in real life  unless you happen to know annoyingly selfinvolved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
just a big mess of a movie  full of images and events  but no tension or surprise .
as elegantly crafted as it often is  andersons movie is essentially a onetrick pony that  hampered by an undeveloped script  ultimately pulls up lame .
splashes its drama all over the screen  subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured  but also so false you can see the filmmakers puppet strings .
will only satisfy those who cant tell the difference between the good  the bad and the ugly .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate  surgical touch  but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick  remember cabin boy   just pound away .
at times  however  dogtown and zboys lapses into an insiders lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow  or care about .
screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rices complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
the writers  director wally wolodarsky  and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity  kappa rho alpha phi .
the new faces are interesting  but the old story isnt  especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
liman  of swingers and go  makes his bigbudget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long  lowheat chase  interrupted by a middling car chase .
surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
the problem isnt that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snakedownthethroat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
theres something deeply creepy about never again  a new arrow in schaeffers quiver of ineptitudes .
the problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one  theres no saving the movie  sorry  charlie .
blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be  but ahola is simply not an actor  and in truth  cruel as it may sound  he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
the cartoon that isnt really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isnt really good enough to be in theaters .
this peptalk for faith  hope and charity does little to offend  but if saccharine earnestness were a crime  the films producers would be in the clink for life .
if this is the danish idea of a good time  prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination  some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war  perhaps .
formula 51 is so trite that even yus highenergy action stylings cant break through the stupor .
only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives  still with the boiler suit and white mask  which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been massmurdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters  you know youre in trouble .
two fairly dull  contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18thcentury canada  and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way  theres nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
succumbs to the same kind of maudlin  sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of nongod spiritualuplift movies .
the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
men in black ii   has all the earmarks of a sequel  the story is less vibrant  the jokes are a little lukewarm  but will anyone really care .
sucking all the classic out of robert louis stevensons treasure island and filling the void with scifi video game graphics and disneyfied adolescent angst .
while super troopers is above academy standards  its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
a mix of velocity and idiocy  this ruinous remake lacks the brawn  and the brains  of the 1970s original .
the lowbudget full frontal was one of the years murkiest  intentionally obscure and selfindulgent pictures  and solaris is its bigbudget brother .
the plot is very clever  but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events  all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture .
apallingly absurd    the chemistry or lack thereof between newton and wahlberg could turn an imax theater into a 9  black and white portable tv .
the smug  oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive .
mustsee viewing for anyone involved in the hightech industry  others may find it migraineinducing  despite moores attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments  super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
its hard not to feel youve just watched a featurelength video game with some really heavy back story .
this limp genderbenderballer from a firsttime director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982s tootsie  forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
kwan makes the mixand match metaphors intriguing  while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
while obviously an extremely personal work  it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes  like a marathon runner trying to finish a race  you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
i loved looking at this movie  i just didnt care as much for the story .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher standup act .
it doesnt do the original any particular dishonor  but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
a semiautobiographical film thats so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play  even at its best  it will never hold a candle to the original .
the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voiceover instead of speaking to each other .
the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
its the kind of movie you cant quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch  yet you cant bring yourself to dislike it .
maybe its asking too much  but if a movie is truly going to inspire me  i want a little more than this .
a graceless  witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
based on a david leavitt story  the film shares that writers usual blend of observant cleverness  toofacile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
to enjoy this movies sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns  you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
national lampoons van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion .
this is a great subject for a movie  but hollywood has squandered the opportunity  using it as a prop for warmedover melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .
overall  the film misses the brilliance of jelineks novel by some way  it settles for being merely grim .
its not thirsty  consuming passion which drives this movie  no  its the repetition of said behavior  and so children of the century is more mindless love than mad  more grating and boring than anything else .
just because it really happened to you  honey  doesnt mean that its interesting to anyone else .
just like the deli sandwich  lots of ham  lots of cheese  with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after  or during  consumption of its second half .
every so often a movie comes along that confirms ones worse fears about civilization as we know it  the new guy is one of them .
not a cheap slasher flick  as the subject matter would suggest  but is a little like a nature film  showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable  but the notion that a strong  unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20thcentury history is undermined by aholas inadequate performance .
myers never knows when to let a gag die  thus  were subjected to one mindnumbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
a great ending doesnt make up for a weak movie  and crazy as hell doesnt even have a great ending .
dialogueheavy and too cerebral for its own good  or  at any rate  too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
its overreliance on genre conventions  character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
i wish i could say  thank god its friday   but the truth of the matter is i was glad when it was over .
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends  it fails to lend the characters individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
somehow were meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids  travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world  don fatigues and become g  i  jane .
the cast is so lowwattage that none of the characters comes off as big    and the setting remains indistinct .
consider the titles clunkonthehead that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable  i tried to read the time on my watch .
the film makes a tragic error by going on for too long  trying to mirror every subsequent event in chinese history  war  revolution  communism  etc .
johnson has  in his first film  set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
ultimately the project comes across as clinical  detached  uninvolving  possibly prompting audience members to wonder  whats the point .
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot  but so much naturalistic small talk  delivered in almost muffled exchanges  eventually has a lulling effect .
the film meant well in its horse tale about freedom  but wasnt able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
the movie is as far as you can get from racy  to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain  it has a dull  costumey feel .
once the audience figure out whats being said  the filmmakers relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
theres nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
it seems just a long  convoluted ploy to get men into drag  period drag  no less .
the premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four sixpacks and a pitcher of margaritas in  but the film must have been written    in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma  um filme esteticamente belo  mas emocionalmente frio .
you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack  or the home video of the 1992 malfitanodomingo production .
has something to say    but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
bears is bad  not terrible filmmaking bad  but more like  i once had a nightmare like this  and its now coming true bad .
as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions  the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
for a film about two mismatched buddies  crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging  the question remains whether this should  indeed  have been presented as a theatrical release .
extreme oops  oops  ops  no matter how you spell it  its still a mistake to go see it .
what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
a morality tale whose thoughtprovoking potential is hampered by a madefortv look  rigid performances and an asinine twist that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking  one of the best actors  directors and producers around  responsible for some excellent work  but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
a sophomoric exploration of life problems most people solved long ago  or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
its all very cute  though not terribly funny if youre more than six years old .
the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
going to the website may be just as fun  and scary  as going to the film .
lacking gravitas  macdowell is a placeholder for grief  and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel  leave these flowers unpicked  theyre dead on the vine .
a shambles of a movievisually unattractive  unbearably loud and utterly silly    its hilarity is completely unintentional .
de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork  but like bruce springsteens gonetopot asbury park  new jersey  this sadsack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
a reasonably efficient mechanism  but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is  although its more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
human nature talks the talk  but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving  its careful  conscientious and makes no major mistakes  but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
the marquis de sade couldnt have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavyhanded melodrama .
drives for the same kind of bittersweet  conciliatory tone that three seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters  and forget about any attempt at a plot .
it will probably prove interesting to ram dass fans  but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow  peaceandlove side of the 60s counterculture .
take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie weve seen and all you have left are john leguizamos cool jackets .
its so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief  and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
it may be an easy swipe to take  but this barbershop just doesnt make the cut .
the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire  but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
despite a bluechip cast and a provocative title  writerdirector peter matteis first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in fauxcontemporary gravy .
fans of the tv series will be disappointed  and everyone else will be slightly bored .
the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
its disappointing when filmmakers throw a few bigname actors and cameos at a hokey script .
i spy is an embarrassment  a monotonous  disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations  its as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
afraid to pitch into farce  yet only halfhearted in its spy mechanics  all the queens men is finally just one long drag .
maybe its the star power of the cast or the redundant messages  but something aboul  full frontal  seems  well  contrived .
morgan  judd and franklin cant save the script  rooted in a novel by joseph finder  from some opportunism .
the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm  maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
its pushthelimits teen comedy  the type written by people who cant come up with legitimate funny  and its used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
its too long  too repetitive  and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
a movie that tries to fuse the two woods but winds up a bollyholly masala mess .
mr  wedge and mr  saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well  their film falters  however  in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy  a salute that id hoped the movie would avoid .
leaves you with a knot in your stomach  its power is undercut by its own headbanging obviousness .
watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives  as your relatives swap one mundane story after another  you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
unfortunately  as a writer  mr  montias isnt nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
on the right track to something thats creepy and effective    its just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy  jovial team .
one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly  but feeling pandered to  which  in the end  might be all the more infuriating .
this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tvmovie oftheweek films clumsily stuck together .
the film is surprisingly welldirected by brett ratner  who keeps things moving well  at least until the problematic third act .
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant  if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns  the movie will be funny  syndrome .
though certainly original in form  altar boys requires a taste for swamp thingtype animation  doubled with a deafening score .
there arent many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of georgian jews in tel aviv .
like those to rome  all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawns breasts  which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
chaotic  selfindulgent and remarkably ugly to look at  its    like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one featurelength horror .
bears resemblance to  and shares the weaknesses of  too many recent actionfantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent storytelling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
friday after next has the same problem that next friday did  its called wheres chris tucker when you need him .
this film is full of rabbits  brimful  but like most rabbits  it seems to lack substance .
i weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider blue crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hooha .
no number of fantastic sets  extras  costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers  in a word  yes .
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns  creating a meandering  inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
the movie makes absolutely no sense  its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question  since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb .
the problem with this film is that its forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot  had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent  we all could have stopped watching long ago .
despite the authenticity of the trappings  the film is overblown in its plotting  hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film  with a blind orphan at its center  no less  indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
the streets  shot by cinematographer michael ballhaus  may be as authentic as they are mean  but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
this is a good movie in spurts  but when it doesnt work  its at important times .
parker probably thinks hes shaking up a classic the way kenneth branagh and baz luhrmann have  but this halfhearted messingabout just makes us miss wildes stillcontemporary play .
flotsam in the sea of moviemaking  not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive  the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
its drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational  and yet its so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand n sandal adventure .
glib  satirical documentary that fudges facts  makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess  whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
without a strong script and energetic acting  dogma films can produce the same sleepinducing effects as watching your neighbors home videos .
strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and bfilm thuggery .
its an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances  but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
with generic sets and bgrade special effects  jason is about as convincing on the scifi front as tvs defunct cleopatra 2525 .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hiphop sorely disappointed .
winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
oftdescribed as the antidote to american pietype sex comedies  it actually has a bundle in common with them  as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough .
the pacing is glacial  the screenplay is stiff as a board  and things heat up only in the movies final scenes .
the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kungfu scifi movie with silly action sequences .
with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere  the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious  its painful .
pumpkin struts about with  courage  pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
sheridan    smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudosophisticated cultural observations  while the remainder    would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
writerdirector john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but  when he veers into sodden melodrama  punctuated by violins  its disastrous and kates jealous female friends become downright despicable .
unfortunately  the picture failed to capture me  i found it slow  drab  and bordering on melodramatic .
the best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations  then lower them a bit more .
when not obscured by the booming bassheavy soundtrack  the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy grays game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
a woozy  roisterous  exhausting mess  and the offbeat casting of its two leads turns out to be as illstarred as you might expect .
abandon all hope  ye who enter here    you should definitely let dantes gloomy words be your guide .
what begins as a seemingly brainless  bubbly romantic comedy becomes a clichedrenched melodrama by midfilm and  by films end  a feminist action fantasy .
birots directorial debut  she cowrote the script with christophe honor  isnt so much bad as it is bland .
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
enough similarities to gymkata and howie longs firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my longsuffering eyeballs .
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luvspreading dr  feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists  who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic .
if this dud had been made in the 70s  it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in driveins .
a frantic search for laughs  with a hittomiss ratio that doesnt exactly favour the audience .
like a documentary version of fight club  shorn of social insight  intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
pryor lite  with half the demons  half the daring  much less talent  many fewer laughs .
whats at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete  if irritating  notion of class .
while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boats malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest  the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization  humor or plain old popcorn fun .
just how extreme are these ops  i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make  nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build  to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
build some robots  haul em to the theatre with you for the late show  and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst  and only  killer website movie of this or any other year .
has about 34th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but its a rushed  slapdash  sequelforthesake ofasequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isnt exactly kiddiefriendly alas  santa is more hohum than hohoho and the snowman  who never gets to play that flute  has all the charm of a meltdown .
its so underwritten that you cant figure out just where the other characters  including anas father and grandfather  come down on the issue of anas future .
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
none of this violates the letter of behans book  but missing is its spirit  its ribald  fullthroated humor .
bad company leaves a bad taste  not only because of its badluck timing  but also the staleness of its script .
even if it ultimately disappoints  the picture does have about a matinee admissions worth of funny to keep it afloat .
a film made with as little wit  interest  and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy hollywood caper flick .
its tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie  directed by scott kalvert  about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn  stale cliches  gratuitous violence  or empty machismo .
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners  a fact which  as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs  seems inconceivable .
at every opportunity to do something clever  the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability    all you have left is a nosurprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like hes not trying to laugh at how bad it .
jawdroppingly superficial  straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritters glory days on threes company .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work  but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage  its hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film  firsttimer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings  so many false scares  that the genuine ones barely register .
godard uses his characters  if thats not too glorified a term  as art things  mouthpieces  visual motifs  blanks .
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
a predictable  manipulative stinker  the story passes time until its time for an absurd finale of twisted metal  fireballs and revenge .
eastwood winces  clutches his chest and gasps for breath  its a spectacular performance  ahem  we hope its only acting .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments  a dearth of vitality and a story thats shapeless and uninflected .
its just weirdness for the sake of weirdness  and where human nature should be ingratiating  its just grating .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet  denis story becomes a hopeless  unsatisfying muddle .
the dose is strong and funny  for the first 15 minutes anyway  after that  the potency wanes dramatically .
whats really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses  and one academy award winning actor  succumb to appearing in this junk thats tv sitcom material at best .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place  where their heads were is anyones guess .
call me a cynic  but theres something awfully deadly about any movie with a lifeaffirming message .
got some good  organic character work  lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging  imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 12hour  dissipated length .
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood  nothing good can happen .
gaghan captures the halflit  sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms  a subtlety that makes the silly  overthetop coda especially disappointing .
will anyone who isnt a fangoria subscriber be excited that it hasnt gone straight to video .
janey forgets about her other obligations  leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes  maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr  besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms  shu is an institution  but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
true to its animatronic roots     as stiff  ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus    the country bears should never have been brought out of hibernation .
evans is a fascinating character  and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
you come away wishing  though  that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency thats at the center of the story .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story  but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriters invention .
loosely speaking  were in all of me territory again  and  strictly speaking  schneider is no steve martin .
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice  the movie makes two hours feel like four .
limps along on a squirminducing fishoutofwater formula that goes nowhere and goes there very  very slowly .
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
the redeeming feature of chans films has always been the action  but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and  whats worse  routine .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles  it doesnt give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wildes wit and the actors performances .
its hard to say who might enjoy this  are there tolstoy groupies out there  its dark and tragic  and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death .
this is a movie that starts out like heathers  then becomes bring it on  then becomes unwatchable .
i think it was plato who said  i think  therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight  next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
contrived  maudlin and clicheridden    if this sappy script was the best the contest received  those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored  cheering the pratfalls but little else  their parents  wise folks that they are  read books .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear  but one things for sure  it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but theyre treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout  is that its a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke  you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering  instead  itll only put you to sleep .
who is this movie for  not kids  who dont need the lesson in repugnance  its also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers  not everyone thinks poopoo jokes are edgy .
a sleepinducingly slowpaced crime drama with clumsy dialogue  heavyhanded phoneyfeeling sentiment  and an overlyfamiliar set of plot devices .
its so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget joness diary .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
it is depressing  ruthlessly pained and depraved  the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
for the future  one hopes mr  plympton will find room for one more member of his little band  a professional screenwriter .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise  but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
the plots clearly mythic structure may owe more to disneys strong sense of formula than to the original story  but while the highly predictable narrative falls short  treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
though there are entertaining and audacious moments  the movies wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmakers flailing reputation .
ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
for a story set at sea  ghost ship is pretty landbound  with its leaden acting  dull exposition and telegraphed surprises .
there might be some sort of credible genderprovoking philosophy submerged here  but who the hell cares .
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance  in a movie that is definitely meaningless  vapid and devoid of substance .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and hos .
it all seemed wasted like deniros once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk .
its certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context  but barbershop isnt as funny as it should be .
unfortunately  a cast of competent performers from movies  television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
sophisticated viewers who refuse to admit that they dont like it will likely call it challenging to their fellow sophisticates .
it doesnt offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is  or even its attitude toward its subject .
this kiddieoriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture  it too is a bomb .
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos  but there are no movies of nijinsky  so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year  youd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another  about half of them are funny  a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story  which is paperthin and decidedly unoriginal .
less a movie than an appalling  odoriferous thing    so rotten in almost every single facet of production that youll want to crawl up your own    in embarrassment .
the concept behind kung pow  enter the fist is hilarious  its too bad nothing else is .
hardman is a grating  mannered onscreen presence  which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anticatholic protestors .
the action here is unusually tame  the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest  and the plot offers few surprises .
what madonna does here cant properly be called acting  more accurately  its moving and its talking and its occasionally gesturing  sometimes all at once .
even if youre an elvis person  you wont find anything to get excited about on this dvd .
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue  but theres just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
im sure theres a teenage boy out there somewhere whos dying for this kind of entertainment .
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles  one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
obviously  a lot of people wasted a lot of their time  including mine  on something very inconsequential .
theres a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention  but it grows monotonous after a while  as do joan and philips repetitive arguments  schemes and treachery .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
its rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline  everything thats good is ultimately scuttled by a plot thats just too boring and obvious .
im giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment  theres got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
the good thing  the only good thing  about extreme ops is that its so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving todo list .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling  murder by numbers   the movie is powerful and provocative  its also built on a faulty premise  one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitts gentle  endearing 1975 childrens novel .
benignis pinocchio is extremely straight and mindnumbingly stilted  its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
with its paint fights  motorized scooter chases and dewyeyed sentiment  its a pretty listless collection of kidmovie clichs .
mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic  two parts exhausting men in black mayhem to one part family values .
kicks off with an inauspicious premise  mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
the movies major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula  though  and its quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
the mothman prophecies  which is mostly a bore  seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
that frenetic spectacle on the tv show has usually been leavened by a charm thats conspicuously missing from the girls bigscreen blowout .
for all the time we spend with these people  we never really get inside of them .
sandra bullock  despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much aint shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize  and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
broomfields style of journalism is hardly journalism at all  and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
seagals strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this years razzie .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander  some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
ozpetek offers an aids subtext  skims over the realities of gay sex  and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an allinclusive world where uptight  middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who dont care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists  idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman cant save it .
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked  its story was making no sense at all .
it made me realize that we really havent had a good cheesy bmovie playing in theaters since    well    since last weeks reign of fire .
some movies were made for the big screen  some for the small screen  and some  like ballistic  ecks vs  sever  were made for the palm screen .
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit  yet its geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
after all the big buildup  the payoff for the audience  as well as the characters  is messy  murky  unsatisfying .
seems content to dogpaddle in the mediocre end of the pool  and its a sad  sick sight .
its refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy  diesel  with his brawny frame and cool  composed delivery  fits the bill perfectly .
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour  i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple doesnt mean you have to check your brain at the door  the same should go for movie theaters .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadians inane ramblings  stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr  drew barrymore .
the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama  rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible .
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasnt been living under a rock  since sept  11 .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
like its script  which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through  the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull  braindeadening hangover .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens  when it comes out on video  then its the perfect cure for insomnia .
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop  comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
the pairing does sound promising in theory    but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old  familiar vaudeville partners .
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
as it stands  theres some fine sex onscreen  and some tense arguing  but not a whole lot more .
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment tap  tap  tap  tap  tapping away on this screenplay .
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart  very meticulously but without any passion .
lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama  but it doesnt even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for  and misses .
even if it is generally amusing from time to time  i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
a tired  unnecessary retread    a stale copy of a picture that wasnt all that great to begin with .
a worthy idea  but the uninspired scripts  acting and direction never rise above the level of an afterschool tv special .
twenty years later  reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery  but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
we have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
despite hoffmans best efforts  wilson remains a silent  lumpish cipher  his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
theres a thin line between likably oldfashioned and fuddyduddy  and the count of monte cristo    never quite settles on either side .
while some of the camera work is interesting  the films midtolow budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books  its in the action scenes that things fall apart .
seagal  who looks more like danny aiello these days  mumbles his way through the movie .
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation  an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilttrip parents .
there are moments of real pleasure to be found in sara sugarmans whimsical comedy very anniemary but not enough to sustain the film .
this is not one of the movies youd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest  but its just not a thrilling movie .
heres a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable  and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre  implausible behavior .
its obvious jegyu is trying for poetry  what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
sweet home alabama is one dumb movie  but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
green is the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein  and im just about ready to go to the u  n  and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team    but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
despite its raucous intent  xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
think the lion king redone for horses  with fewer deliberate laughs  more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams  the worlds most generic rock star .
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
its tough being a black man in america  especially when the man has taken away your car  your workhours and denied you health insurance .
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours  and  for that matter  shrek .
the holes in this film remain agape  holes punched through by an inconsistent  meandering  and sometimes dry plot .
would benignis italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster .
unofficially  national lampoons van wilder is son of animal house  officially  it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
this is a fragmented film  once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
halfway through the movie  the humor dwindles  its replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have  and probably should have  been a lighthearted comedy .
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts .
authentic  and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor  verve and fun .
the filmmaker ascends  literally  to the olympus of the art world  but he would have done well to end this flawed  dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant  designed not to offend  it goes down easy  leaving virtually no aftertaste .
a profoundly stupid affair  populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awardswith phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers  a scifi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
as a director  eastwood is off his game  theres no real sense of suspense  and none of the plot surprises are really surprising .
to work  love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer  that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
although barbershop boasts some of todays hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy  this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuckandjive sitcom .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit  some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
the good is very  very good    the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
butterfingered is the word for the bigfisted direction of jez butterworth  who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
be forewarned  if youre depressed about anything before watching this film  you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome  in the wrong hands  i  e  peploes  its simply unbearable .
so muddled  repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmakers characteristic style .
a gushy episode of  m  a  s  h  only this time from an asian perspective .
looking for leonard  just seems to kinda sit in neutral  hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overlyfamiliar and poorlyconstructed comedy .
definitely in the guilty pleasure bmovie category  reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
this is a film about the irksome  tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout  even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life  the mood remains oddly detached .
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers  apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
no one involved  save dash  shows the slightest aptitude for acting  and the script  credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest tron anderson  seems entirely improvised .
works better in the conception than it does in the execution    winds up seeming just a little too clever .
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers  it will probably be a talky bore .
this version of h  g  wells time machine was directed by h  g  wells greatgrandson  they should have found orson welles greatgrandson .
shunji iwais all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot  but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller  with better payoffs  it could have been a thinking mans monster movie .
thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts  but the pieces dont quite fit together .
would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movies edges .
theres not a single jumpinyourseat moment and believe it or not  jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing    but she and writing partner laurence coriat dont manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
though harris is affecting at times  he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
the documentary is much too conventional  lots of boring talking heads  etc   to do the subject matter justice .
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
this is not a jackie chan movie  its just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it  and that makes all the difference .
far too clever by half  howards film is really a series of strungtogether moments  with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum  a rumor of angels doesnt just slip  it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
no big whoop  nothing new to see  zero thrills  too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
shankman    and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
slack and uninspired  and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that youre left with a sour taste in your mouth .
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because youre sure to get more out of the latter experience .
what can one say about a balding 50yearold actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log .
her film is like a beautiful food entre that isnt heated properly  so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
like the world of his film  hartley created a monster but didnt know how to handle it .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes  just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating pointofview shots and fewer slowmotion grandeur shots and quickcut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
anyone not into hightech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally  and log on to something more userfriendly .
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy workinprogress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter  but the couples exposing themselves arent all that interesting .
yet another entry in the sentimental ohthosewackybrits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh  sometimes funny  and usually genuinely worthwhile  hollywood ending is a depressing experience .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a baitandswitch that is beyond playing fair with the audience  are we dealing with dreams  visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue .
it could have been something special  but two things drag it down to mediocrity  director clare peploes misunderstanding of marivauxs rhythms  and mira sorvinos limitations as a classical actress .
like being trapped inside a huge video game  where exciting  inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but theyre simply not funny performers .
o timo esforo do diretor acaba sendo frustrado pelo roteiro  que  depois de levar um bom tempo para colocar a trama em andamento  perdese de vez a partir do instante em que os estranhos acontecimentos so explicados .
finally coming down off of miramaxs deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts  waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
a movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teentargeted action tv series .
one of the most highlypraised disappointments ive had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive  yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things  but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose  and in that ohsoimportant category  the four feathers comes up short .
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes  of which theyll get plenty  fills me with revulsion .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in the ring .
both overstuffed and undernourished    the film cant be called a solid success  although theres plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
plods along  minus the twisted humor and eyepopping visuals that have made miike    a cult hero .
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcocks imaginative flight to shyamalans selfimportant summer fluff .
the films maudlin focus on the young womans infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heartstring plucking .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon  i also believe that resident evil is not it .
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark  a popinfluenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
no amount of nostalgia for carveys glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carveys considerable talents are wasted in it .
taylor takes us on a ride thats consistently surprising  easy to watch  but  oh  so dumb .
its difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
lazily directed by charles stone iii    from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
the most remarkable  and frustrating  thing about world traveler  which opens today in manhattan  is that its protagonist  after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes  remains a complete blank .
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
with lines that feel like long soliloquies  even as they are being framed in conversation  max is static  stilted .
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest  your imagination  your empathy or anything  really  save your disgust and your indifference .
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers  and circles it obsessively  without making contact .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
the obligatory breakups and hookups dont seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
hypnotically dull  relentlessly downbeat  laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteenyearolds suicidal poetry .
the concept is a hoot  the trailer is a riot  the movie is a dud .
its a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low  very low  very very low  for the masquerade to work  the movie contains no wit  only labored gags .
its hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
a hit andmiss affair  consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
kim kideok seems to have in mind an  emotionally at least  adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
a sterling film  a cross between boys dont cry  deliverance  and ode to billy joe  lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
after sitting through this sloppy  madeformovie comedy special  it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people  but it is set in a world that is very  very far from the one most of us inhabit .
like shave ice without the topping  this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
despite its sincere acting  signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill scifi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war  let alone conscious of each others existence .
i cant remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but theres only one problemits supposed to be a drama .
well  jasons gone to manhattan and hell  i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels  hey  dont shoot the messenger .
there is no psychology here  and no real narrative logic  just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities  which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
bread  my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it  it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate  i admit it  i hate to like it .
frida is certainly no disaster  but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris coopers agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac  we dont feel much for damonbourne or his predicament .
while we want macdowells character to retrieve her husband  we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides     the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you arent very bright  then blood work is for you .
trouble every day is a success in some sense  but its hard to like a film so cold and dead .
the films stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the films production design .
a wellintentioned effort thats still too burdened by the actors offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams  but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
unspools like a highbrow  lowkey  102minute infomercial  blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
any reasonably creative eighthgrader could have written a more credible script  though with the same number of continuity errors .
while the humor aspects of jason x were far more entertaining than i had expected  everything else about the film tanks .
your taste for jonah  a veggie tales movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the holy spirit .
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace  mad love looks better than it feels .
while certain cues  like the happy music  suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts  jeonghyang lees film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
the script  the gags  the characters are all directtovideo stuff  and thats where this film should have remained .
jonah is only soso    the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you  or it will lessen it .
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring  selfimportant stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other .
there are some laughs in this movie  but williams anarchy gets tiresome  the satire is weak .
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wont much care about .
the good and different idea of middleaged romance is not handled well and  except for the fine star performances  there is little else to recommend  never again .
if disneys cinderella proved that a dream is a wish your heart makes   then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studios wallet makes .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting  wooden performances  ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
with rare birds  as with the shipping news before it  an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundlands wild soil  and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you  the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
lisa rinzlers cinematography may be lovely  but love lizas tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout  maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther  but shes never seen speaking on stage  one feels cheated  and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
with the dog days of august upon us  think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantinos handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudowitty copycat interpretations .
the film is like sitting in a downtown caf  overhearing a bunch of typical latetwentysomethings natter on about nothing  and desperately wishing you could change tables .
this rather unfocused  alloverthemap movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens    or if it were subtler    or if it had a sense of humor .
takes a clunky tvmovie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright  poet and drinker .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middleoftheroad mainstream  it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating  boring  and forgettable .
this is mildmannered  beenthere material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant  the outrageous .
if you adored the full monty so resoundingly that youre dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting  then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
those who are only mildly curious  i fear  will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
though tom shadyacs film kicks off spookily enough  around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
a long  dull procession of despair  set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
call me a coldhearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie  but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
hopkinsdoesnt so much phone in his performance as fax it  no  even thats too committed  he gets his secretary to fax it .
sodden and glum  even in those moments where its supposed to feel funny and light .
even with its 50million us budget  pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
this is a thirdperson story now  told by hollywood  and much more ordinary for it .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye  but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
written  flatly  by david kendall and directed  barely  by theres something about mary cowriter ed decter .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops  but theres not enough to the story to fill two hours .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone  you leave the same way you came  a few tasty morsels under your belt  but no new friends .
the question hanging over the time machine is not  as the main character suggests  what if   but rather  how can you charge money for this .
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isnt this painfully forced  false and fabricated .
although no pastry is violated  this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunchfests  farts  boobs  unmentionables  without much success .
maybe youll be lucky  and therell be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
this film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers  for the rest of us  sitting through dahmers two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler  there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a standoff  with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary midsection of the film .
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
the movies ultimate point  that everyone should be themselves  is trite  but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse  turning into a black hole of dullness  from which no interesting concept can escape .
one of those decadesspanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy  lifeaffirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
the directors many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship thats low on both suspense and payoff .
while the transgressive trappings  especially the frank sex scenes  ensure that the film is never dull  rodriguess beastwithin metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought  making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
they threw loads of money at an idea that shouldve been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
its mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of woos best work .
reyes directorial debut has good things to offer  but ultimately its undone by a sloppy script .
if youre over 25  have an iq over 90  and have a drivers license  you should be able to find better entertainment .
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
the pictures cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
never does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disneys great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film  replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the highstrung but flaccid drama .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project realtime roots .
cacoyannis vision is far less mature  interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie  which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
its not helpful to listen to extremist namecalling  regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery selfpromoter .
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudointellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed  the only problem is that  by the end  no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing  robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
due to stodgy  soap operaish dialogue  the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
the film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts  holofceners film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it  from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its lastminute  haphazard theatrical release .
a thoroughly awful moviedumb  narratively chaotic  visually sloppy    a weird amalgam of the thing and a geriatric scream .
nothing sticks  really  except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad  sordid universe of guns  drugs  avarice and damaged dreams .
what goes on for the 110 minutes of  panic room  is a battle of witlessness between a notsobright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this  its not scary in the slightest .
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists  wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers  twirling his hair on his finger and assuming thats enough to sustain laughs .
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isnt something to be taken seriously  but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
by the final whistle youre convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesnt have big screen magic .
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
pretend its a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away  its fun  but its a real howler .
its difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie  beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
a waterlogged version of fatal attraction for the teenybopper set    a sad  soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
sweet gentle jesus  did the screenwriters just do a cutandpaste of every bad actionmovie line in history .
its not the worst comedy of the year  but it certainly wont win any honors .
this is for the most part a useless movie  even with a great director at the helm .
a loud  witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .
even on its own ludicrous terms  the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum  and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
though it inspires some  outoffield  creative thought  the film is  to its own detriment  much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrottersgenerals game  juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than youd expect from the guyinadress genre  and a personal low for everyone involved .
sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes  masturbation jokes  and racist japanese jokes .
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on americas kneejerk moral sanctimony  jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence  complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence  but not a drop of human blood .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another runofthemill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
its a thin notion  repetitively stretched out to feature length  awash in selfconsciously flashy camera effects  droning house music and flat  flat dialogue .
on a certain base level  blue crush delivers what it promises  just not well enough to recommend it .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganeshs rise up the social ladder .
wimps out by going for that pg13 rating  so the more graphic violence is mostly offscreen and the sexuality is muted .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling what if   scenario that will give most parents pause     then  something terrible happens .
madonna has made herself over so often now  theres apparently nothing left to work with  sort of like michael jacksons nose .
never having seen the first two films in the series  i cant compare friday after next to them  but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact  and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
its a bad action movie because theres no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
soderbergh tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audiences intelligence  and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
scoobydoo doesnt know if it wants to be a retrorefitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly  nickelodeonesque kiddie flick .
russell lacks the visual panache  the comic touch  and perhaps the budget of sommerss titlebout features .
highly uneven and inconsistent    margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism  but its really nothing more than warmedover cold war paranoia .
any chekhov is better than no chekhov  but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy  but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
every visual joke is milked  every setup obvious and lengthy  every punchline predictable  theres no energy .
apparently writerdirector attal thought he need only cast himself and his moviestar wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
after the setup  the air leaks out of the movie  flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
at three hours and with very little story or character development  there is plenty of room for editing  and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
a bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
a crude teenoriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
the films darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings  especially in the last few cloying moments .
if you recognize zeus  the dog from snatch  it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself  ah  yes  here we have a bad  bad  bad movie .
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story  but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
theres too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie  about a young mans battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
all the sensuality  all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been  pardon the pun  sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood  this movie strives to be more  but doesnt quite get there  good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
the screenplay is hugely overwritten  with tons and tons of dialogue  most of it given to children .
at times  the movie looks genuinely pretty  your nightmares  on the other hand  will be anything but  not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke  if youre looking for a tale of brits behaving badly  watch snatch again  its 51 times better than this .
its difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing  let alone funny .
despite its promising cast of characters  big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that zany doesnt necessarily mean funny .
both shrill and soporific  and because everything is repeated five or six times  it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting  there are a few modest laughs  but certainly no thrills .
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
theres a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling  which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the films simple title .
while howards appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly wellmeaning and sincere  the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory  impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
can be classified as one of those alternate reality movies    except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart  mind or humor of its own .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper thats neither original nor terribly funny .
matrixstyle massacres erupt throughout    but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafkainspired philosophy .
it all unfolds predictably  and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time  providing no real sense of suspense .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie  using a plot that could have come from an animatedmovie screenwriting textbook .
presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
we have poignancy jostling against farce  thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by oneliners  and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except  maybe  that it looks neat .
according to the script  grant and bullocks characters are made for each other  but youd never guess that from the performances .
the animation merely serves up a predictable  maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king  yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen  loud  violent and mindless .
an amalgam of the fugitive  blade runner  and total recall  only without much energy or tension .
the acting is amateurish  the cinematography is atrocious  the direction is clumsy  the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
shows that jackie chan is getting older  and thats something i would rather live in denial about .
with miscast leads  banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax  killing me softly belongs firmly in the sobaditsgood camp .
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that its offensive  but that its boring .
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged  as if filmed directly from a television monitor  while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich .
mark wahlberg    may look classy in a 60shomage pokepie hat  but as a character hes dry  dry  dry .
told in scattered fashion  the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
the irony is that this films cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
now i can see why people thought i was too hard on  the mothman prophecies .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it  if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution  this is it .
with an unusual protagonist  a kiltwearing jackson  and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
sandra bullocks best dramatic performance to date  is  almost enough to lift  this  thrillkill catandmouser    above its paintbynumbers plot .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movies sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a topless tutorial service .
the kids just too bratty for sympathy  and as the film grows to its finale  his little changes ring hollow .
scherfig  who has had a successful career in tv  tackles more than she can handle .
just consider what new best friend does not have  beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era  they just have problems  which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
carrying this waferthin movie on his nimble shoulders  chan wades through putrid writing  direction and timing with a smile that says  if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
in the end  the movie bogs down in insignificance  saying nothing about kennedys assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids  children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
theres only one way to kill michael myers for good  stop buying tickets to these movies .
resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenters ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings  in other words  about as bad a film youre likely to see all year .
five screenwriters are credited with the clichladen screenplay  it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
well made but uninvolving  bloodwork isnt a terrible movie  just a stultifyingly obvious one  an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober  filmed on the set of carpenters the thing and loaded with actors youre most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
kids dont mind crappy movies as much as adults  provided theres lots of cute animals and clumsy people  snow dogs has both .
wobbly senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
its the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who doesnt think about percentages all day long .
ken russell would love this  in one scene  we get a stab at soccer hooliganism  a doublebarreled ripoff of quentin tarantinos climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes .
bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies  this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless specialeffects excess .
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment  not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama  monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet ones appetite for the bollywood films .
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you  this films impressive performances and adept direction arent likely to leave a lasting impression .
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted neednt waste their time on it .
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washingtons fine performance in the title role .
the whole thing feels like a ruse  a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy  or  worse yet  nonexistent  ideas .
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
opera on film is never satisfactory  the art demands live viewing  the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
it is parochial  accessible to a chosen few  standoffish to everyone else  and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill .
its lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
terminally bland  painfully slow and needlessly confusing    the movie  shot on digital videotape rather than film  is frequently indecipherable .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion  which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
the merchantivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema  only now its begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last weeks issue of variety .
hey everybody  wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a childrens party clown gets violently gangraped  i didnt think so .
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
this slop doesnt even have potential as a cult film  as its too loud to shout insults at the screen .
the movies plot is almost entirely witless and inane  carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence  this scarlets letter is a    as in aimless  arduous  and arbitrary .
a modestly comic  modestly actionoriented world war ii adventure that  in terms of authenticity  is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another  making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
a little less extreme than in the past  with longer exposition sequences between them  and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
theres a heavy stench of been there  done that hanging over the film  its everything youd expect  but nothing more .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself  shes a cipher  played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesnt reveal an inner life .
what with the incessant lounge music playing in the films background  you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
schnitzlers film has a great hook  some clever bits and welldrawn  if standard issue  characters  but is still only partly satisfying .
even if it made its original release date last fall  it wouldve reeked of a beenthere  donethat sameness .
a loud  ugly  irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
a movie version of a paintbynumbers picture  we can tell what it is supposed to be  but cant really call it a work of art .
its a brilliant  honest performance by nicholson  but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up  bravado kathy .
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his characters deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario  too bad .
you can thank me for this  i saw juwanna mann so you dont have to .
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters  the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor  ethnic slurs .
this romanticcomedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations  burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
theres a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark  while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition  it has no affect on the kurds  but it wore me down .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless  lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards  more power to it .
a superfluous sequel    plagued by that old familiar feeling of lets get this thing over with  everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place  but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
whats missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens deviant behaviour  being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
a movie that harps on mediaconstructed issues like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm wont be an exceedingly memorable one for most people .
slackers jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic  the films biggest problem  and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
if festival in cannes nails hard boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy  much about the film  including some of its casting  is frustratingly unconvincing .
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
rob schneiders infantile crossdressing routines fill the hot chick  the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly  wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
her fans walked out muttering words like  horrible  and  terrible   but had so much fun dissing the film that they didnt mind the ticket cost  in this case zero .
the film is so bad it doesnt improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
sheridans take on the authors schoolboy memoir    is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
it jumps around with little logic or continuity  presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular  anciently demanding mtier .
how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like youre watching an iceberg melt  only it never melts .
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs  woo  it looks like woos a p  o  w .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones  but all it amounts to is a mildly funny  sometimes tedious  ultimately insignificant film .
its dull  spiritless  silly and monotonous  an ultraloud blast of pointless mayhem  going nowhere fast .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger  all for easy sanctimony  formulaic thrills and a hamfisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
the movie turns out to be assayas homage to the gallic tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
its message has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
its hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
neither as scaryfunny as tremors nor dementedfunny as starship troopers  the movie isnt tough to take as long as youve paid a matinee price .
if swimfan does catch on  it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
what mightve been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch  but a great movie it is not .
its quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry stepprinting to goose things up  but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
its always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to  or offer any new insight into  its chosen topic  unfortunately  thats precisely what arthur dongs family fundamentals does .
like a mediumgrade network sitcommostly inoffensive  fitfully amusing  but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film  boring .
in the end  the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived  as if were looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rosetinted glasses .
chans stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that theres really not much of a sense of action or even actioncomedy .
the tuxedo  should have been the vehicle for chan that  the mask  was for jim carrey  alas  its the man that makes the clothes .
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawsons creek  theyll probably run out screaming .
the biggest problem i have  other than the very sluggish pace  is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress  even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears first movie .
plot  characters  drama  emotions  ideas  all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for  but how it washed out despite all of that is the projects prime mystery .
whatever the movies sentimental  hypocritical lessons about sexism  its true colors come out in various wet tshirt and shower scenes .
as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery  murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way  while never sure what its purpose was .
doesnt deliver a great story  nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an illadvised and poorly executed idea .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
amid the clich and foreshadowing  cage manages a degree of casual realism    that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
mostly  shafer and cowriter gregory hinton lack a strongminded viewpoint  or a sense of humor .
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy  but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesnt do a load of good .
theres some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life  but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
its a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character  especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenixs .
theres something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids movie    that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
were left with a story that tries to grab us  only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
like many such biographical melodramas  it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great    im not  and then i realized that i just didnt care .
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive postproduction reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
brosnans finest nonbondish performance yet fails to overcome the films manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
to me  it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence  with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool  but they cant distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing  in truth  it has all the heart of a porno flick  but none of the sheer lust .
nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality  thats giving it the old college try .
episode ii attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
denis barebones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a 70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically  and borrows heavily from lynch  jeunet  and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some freudian puppet .
the mantra behind the project seems to have been its just a kids flick   translation  we dont need to try very hard .
in all the annals of the movies  few films have been this odd  inexplicable and unpleasant .
it takes a really long  slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about  so here it is  its about a family of sour immortals .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture weve been watching for decades .
writerdirector walter hill and cowriter david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches  but wind up using them as punching bags .
theres a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed  mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up  when the explosions start  they fall to pieces .
lush and beautifully photographed  somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book   but ultimately youll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
unfortunately  one hour photo lives down to its title  thanks largely to williams  all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes  the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
for a film about explosions and death and spies   ballistic  ecks vs  sever  seems as safe as a childrens film  well  in some of those  the mother deer even dies .
wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times  and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy  but it isnt as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally meanspirited .
one sloughs ones way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction  when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
its a hellish  numbing experience to watch  and it doesnt offer any insights that havent been thoroughly debated in the media already  back in the dahmer heyday of the mid90s .
wouldve been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story  and left off the films predictable denouement  then nadias birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
one of those staggeringly wellproduced  joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next  hastily  emptily .
nair just doesnt have the necessary selfcontrol to guide a loose  poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions  walt beckers film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions  defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
the projects filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
in oldfashioned screenwriting parlance  ms  shreves novel proved too difficult a text to lick   despite the efforts of a firstrate cast .
stitch is a bad mannered  ugly and destructive little      no cute factor here  not that i mind ugly  the problem is he has no character  loveable or otherwise .
deep down  i realized the harsh reality of my situation  i would leave the theater with a lower i  q  than when i had entered .
a really funny fifteenminute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost featurelength film .
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom  com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea  the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
for its 100 minutes running time  youll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
a faster paced family flick  upper teens may get cynical  smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
while this film has an a list cast and some strong supporting players  the tale  like its central figure  vivi  is just a little bit hard to love .
most fish stories are a little peculiar  but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
its all gratuitous before long  as if schwentke were fulfilling a grossout quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
i blame all men for war   the wardens daughter tells her father  the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it  and  of course  feeling guilty for it     then  miracle of miracles  the movie does a flipflop .
its been 20 years since 48 hrs  made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasnt aged a day  but his showboating wisecracker stock persona sure is getting old .
if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies thats so bad it starts to become good  but it wasnt .
for a film about action  ultimate x is the gabbiest giantscreen movie ever  bogging down in a barrage of hype .
a low rate annie featuring some kid who cant act  only echoes of jordan  and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
it might not be 1970s animation  but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story  bad writing  and the same old silliness .
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic allmale all about eve or a lush  swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .
it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent  but as is  personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
its better suited for the history or biography channel  but theres no arguing the tone of the movie  it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
a chilly  remote  emotionally distant piece    so dull that its tagline should be  in space  no one can hear you snore .
the characters seem onedimensional  and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish  and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
its like a driveby  you can drive right by it without noticing anything special  save for a few comic turns  intended and otherwise .
this wouldbe james bond for the extreme generation pic is one big  dumb action movie  stress dumb .
the movie has generic virtues  and despite a lot of involved talent  seems done by the numbers .
when your subject is illusion versus reality  shouldnt the reality seem at least passably real .
this is rote spookiness  with nary an original idea  or role  or edit  or score  or anything  really  in sight  and the whole of the proceedings beg the question why .
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie  i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
the type of dumbeddown exercise in stereotypes that gives the teen comedy genre a bad name .
distinctly subpar    more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tvs dawsons creek and a recycled and dumbeddown version of love story .
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm  youre going to feel like you werent invited to the party .
when the casting call for this movie went out  it must have read seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
a  home alone  film that is staged like  rosemarys baby   but is not as wellconceived as either of those films .
siegel and cowriters lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie .
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
a lowbudget affair  tadpole was shot on digital video  and the images often look smeary and blurry  to the point of distraction  then again  in a better movie  you might not have noticed .
its mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punchdrunk love .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession  and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the  webcast .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone whos seen george roy hills 1973 film   the sting .
gets the look and the period trappings right  but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs .
its hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious c  h  o  still feels like a promising workinprogress .
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films  sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
a latenight cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks  at least during their 70s heyday  comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
despite slick production values and director roger michells ticktock pacing  the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
a supernatural mystery that doesnt know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama  it ends up being neither  and fails at both endeavors .
it is so earnest  so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
swimfan  like fatal attraction  eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore  if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
almost everything about the film is unsettling  from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lais villainous father to the endless action sequences .
writerdirector randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew  and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour  in which were told something creepy and vague is in the works  and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
one cant shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hourandahalflong commercial for britneys latest album .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting  macabre sets  and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
directorchef gabriele muccino keeps it fast  zippy  comin at ya  as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
tartakovskys team has some freakish powers of visual charm  but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
the most horrific movie experience ive had since  cant stop the music   it may as well be called  jarjar binks  the movie   its that painful .
when in doubt  the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack  throws in a fishoutofwater gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip  or else a doggie winks .
a girls gone wild video for the boho arthouse crowd  the burning sensation isnt a definitive countercultural document  its makers arent removed and inquisitive enough for that .
you may be galled that youve wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
its neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy  but it has its moments .
despite the surface attractions  conrad l  halls cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  theres something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
a smug and convoluted actioncomedy that doesnt allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that its only a movie .
crystal and de niro manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
go for la salles performance  and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
its hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
tries too hard to be funny in a way thats too loud  too goofy and too short of an attention span .
i didnt find much fascination in the swinging  what theyre doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games  of no erotic or sensuous charge  but that they are doing it is thoughtprovoking .
the acting is just fine  but theres not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes  especially with the weak payoff .
after collateral damage  you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned  but no .
ultimately the  yes  snaillike pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary  like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
releasing a film with the word dog in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults  and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
a darkaspitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality  probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhangs forte and it shows .
bray is completely at sea  with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume  he has no clue about making a movie .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers  its exploitive without being insightful .
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups  very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto whats left of his passe chopsocky glory .
even with harriss strong effort  the script gives him little to effectively probe lears soulstripping breakdown .
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing  who is cletis tout  is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
while american adobo has its heart  and its palate  in the right place  its brain is a little scattered  ditsy  even .
imagine a film that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
costners warmmilk persona is just as illfitting as shadyacs perfunctory directing chops  and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
its coherent  well shot  and tartly acted  but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
directed by kevin bray  whose crisp framing  edgy camera work  and wholesale ineptitude with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the films publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the films characters .
robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor  a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors  morgan freeman and ashley judd .
a dull  somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment  still  it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots  or cinema seats .
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams  even though her performance is more interesting  and funnier  than his .
this lowrent  and even lowerwit  ripoff of the farrelly brothers oeuvre gets way too mushy  and in a relatively short amount of time .
im all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business  but surely it doesnt have to be as a collection of keening and selfmutilating sideshow geeks .
many of benjamins elements feel like theyve been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
if youre not fans of the adventues of steve and terri  you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake  personally  id rather watch them on the animal planet .
cherish is a dud  a romantic comedy thats not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
the movies gloomy atmosphere is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself doesnt stand a ghost of a chance .
postseptember 11   the sum of all fears  seems more tacky and reprehensible  manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee youll find in this dreary mess .
no matter how you slice it  mark wahlberg and thandie newton are not hepburn and grant  two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
godards ode to tackling lifes wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess    in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor thats unfocused and tediously exasperating .
the movies progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase fatal script error .
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say  but he isnt talking a talk that appeals to me .
nelsons intentions are good  but the end result does no justice to the story itself  its horribly depressing and not very well done .
the efforts of its star  kline  to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
a goodnatured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast  but never quite gets off the ground .
isnt it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself  and its a lousy one at that .
ill go out on a limb  it isnt quite one of the worst movies of the year  its just merely very bad .
about amys cuteness  amys career success  shes a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who cant help herself   and amys neuroses when it comes to men .
everything about girls cant swim  even its passages of sensitive observation  feels secondhand  familiar  and not in a good way .
feels aimless for much of its running time  until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives  leaving questions in its wake .
in my own very humble opinion  in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .
director elie chouraqui  who cowrote the script  catches the chaotic horror of war  but why bother if youre going to subjugate truth to the tearjerking demands of soap opera .
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic hes dissecting  and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
if there was any doubt that peter ofallon didnt have an original bone in his body  a rumor of angels should dispel it .
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderberghs traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
the movie is like scorseses mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old juvenile delinquent paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
it isnt that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure  its just that its so notatallgood  and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it .
its supposed to be a romantic comedy  it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
the leads are so unmemorable  despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes  that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancers secondhand material .
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days  but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
caso voc sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do trmino da projeo  no se preocupe  ningum lhe enviar penas simbolizando covardia .
rodriguez    was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
this isnt a terrible film by any means  but its also far from being a realized work .
apparently  romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesnt figure in the present hollywood program .
a movie thats held captive by mediocrity  not bad  but not all that good  bacon keeps things interesting  but dont go out of your way to pay full price .
whats next  rob schneider  dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story  david spade as citizen kane .
on its icy face  the new film is a subzero version of monsters  inc   without the latters imagination  visual charm or texture .
i cant say this enough  this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
its a mindless action flick with a twist  far better suited to videoviewing than the multiplex .
after a while  the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of popmusic history has been allowed to get wet  fuzzy and sticky .
we get light showers of emotion a couple of times  but then  strangely  these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message  if indeed there is one .
often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging  which gradually turns what time is it there  into how long is this movie .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewelltoinnocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
its sweet    but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake  but he cant disguise that hes spiffing up leftovers that arent so substantial or fresh .
these selfstyled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously  their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for selfpreservation .
the fact that the best part of the movie comes from a 60second homage to one of demmes good films doesnt bode well for the rest of it .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but lawrence gives us mostly fools gold .
the band performances featured in drumline are red hot    but from a mere story point of view  the films ice cold .
built on the premise that middleclass arkansas consists of monster truckloving good ol boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
like a grinning jack o lantern  its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy  having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
familiar and predictable  and 45ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than  writerdirector  franc  reyes word processor .
give shapiro  goldman  and bolado credit for good intentions  but theres nothing here that they couldnt have done in half an hour .
its so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x    look positively shakesperean by comparison .
i believe silberling had the best intentions here  but he just doesnt have the restraint to fully realize them .
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
mctiernans remake may be lighter on its feet  the soberminded original was as graceful as a tapdancing rhino  but it is just as boring and as obvious .
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government marinelegal mystery  and thats because the movie serves up all of that stuff  nearly subliminally  as the oldhat province of male intrigue .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people    manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games  we get a cinematic postcard thats superficial and unrealized .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
i wish it would have just gone more overthetop instead of trying to have it both ways .
the superior plotline isnt quite enough to drag along the dead  water  weight of the other .
the film doesnt really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously  it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
adrift  bentley and hudson stare and sniffle  respectively  as ledger attempts  in vain  to prove that moviestar intensity can overcome bad hair design .
after an hour and a half of wondering  sometimes amusedly  sometimes impatiently  just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be  you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
linklater fans  or pretentious types who want to appear avantgarde will suck up to this project .
a woefully dull  redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation  despite iwais vaunted empathy .
screenwriter chris ver weils directing debut is goodnatured and never dull  but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about  youre far better served by the source material .
the star who helped give a spark to  chasing amy  and  changing lanes  falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summers new action film   the sum of all fears .
a summary of the plot doesnt quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie  for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like masterpiece and triumph and all that malarkey  but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers time with a gobbler like this .
the films taste for  shock humor  will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire  it probably would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rices novel the vampire chronicles .
hardly a nuanced portrait of a young womans breakdown  the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
things really get weird  though not particularly scary  the movie is all portent and no content .
its difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of postadolescent electra rebellion .
bogs down badly as we absorb jias moody  badboy behavior which he portrays himself in a onenote performance .
the camera whirls  the camera twirls  oh  look at that clever angle  wow  a jump cut .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20car pileup  while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through  if kaos hadnt blown them all up .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q  archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
ultimately  the film amounts to being lectured to by techgeeks  if youre up for that sort of thing .
full frontal  which opens today nationwide  could almost be classified as a movieindustry satire  but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genres definitive  if disingenuous  feature .
the three leads produce adequate performances  but whats missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
its possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel  but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications    that have no bearing on the story .
short and sweet  but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
what more can be expected from a college comedy thats target audience hasnt graduated from junior high school .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may  lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank  take your pick .
you know that ten bucks youd spend on a ticket  just send it to cranky  we dont get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
the film doesnt show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun  too .
no  i dont know why steven seagal is considered a star  nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
one welltimed explosion in a movie can be a knockout  but a hundred of them can be numbing  proof of this is ballistic  ecks vs  sever .
halfway through  however  having sucked dry the undead action flick formula  blade ii mutates into a grossout monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
we cant accuse kung pow for misfiring  since it is exactly what it wants to be  an atrociously  mindnumbingly  indescribably bad movie  unfortunately  wed prefer a simple misfire .
wouldnt it be nice if all guys got a taste of what its like on the other side of the bra .
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and  no matter how broomfield dresses it up  it tends to speculation  conspiracy theories or  at best  circumstantial evidence .
this movie  a certain scene in particular  brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered  indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
smug  artificial  illconstructed and fatally overlong    it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite  degenerating into a pious  preachy soap opera .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
every joke is repeated at least four times  every joke is repeated at least four times  every joke is repeated at leastannoying  isnt it .
the lousy lead performances    keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneiders performance is so fine  its a real shame that so much of the movie  again  as in the animal  is a slapdash mess .
creates the worst kind of mythologizing  the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation  and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
a sugarcoated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
romanek keeps adding flourishes  artsy fantasy sequences  that simply feel wrong  they cheapen the overall effect .
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 810  but its unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonalds  let alone some savvy street activism .
allens been making piffle for a long while  and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
the movie is silly beyond comprehension  and even if it werent silly  it would still be beyond comprehension .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control  that is to say  when carol kane appears on the screen .
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes  and its neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
its a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations  it makes me say the obvious  abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
a listless scifi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
little more than a supersized infomercial for the cablesports channel and its summer x games .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors  sadly proving once again ego doesnt always go hand in hand with talent .
an unholy mess  driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummylooking videotape  it must be labelled hip  innovative and realistic .
curiously  super troopers suffers because it doesnt have enough vices to merit its 103minute length .
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd  for free  i still want my money back .
it plods along methodically  somehow under the assumption that its  dead wife communicating from beyond the grave  framework is even remotely new or interesting .
its hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marinas could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom  and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
all too familiar    basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when angels with dirty faces appeared in 1938 .
passable enough for a shootout in the o  k  court house of life type of flick  strictly middle of the road .
although purportedly a study in modern alienation  its really little more than a particularly slanted  gay sm fantasy  enervating and deadeningly drawnout .
after the first 10 minutes  which is worth seeing  the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs  depression and bad alternative music .
with little visible talent and no energy  colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel  but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
wellmeaning to a fault  antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one mans triumph of will into everymans romance comedy .
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished products unshapely look  director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film  but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasnt the stamina for the 100minute running time  and the protagonists bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher  and reflects the worst of their shallow styles  wildly overproduced  inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one  and no one .
coarse  cliched and clunky  this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
anyone who suffers through this film deserves  at the very least  a big box of consolation candy .
how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of franois and michles relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
they presume their audience wont sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so they trot out the conventional sciencefiction elements of bugeyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
the following things are not at all entertaining  the bad sound  the lack of climax and  worst of all  watching seinfeld  who is also one of the films producers  do everything he can to look like a good guy .
attals hangups surrounding infidelity are so oldfashioned and  dare i say  outdated  its a wonder that he couldnt have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that its hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
pottymouthed enough for pg13  yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park  this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
has its moments  but ultimately  its curmudgeon doesnt quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable  especially considering its barely featurelength running time of one hour .
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
in the end  tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about  or is illequipped to examine  the interior lives of the characters in his film  much less incorporate them into his narrative .
plays like a series of vignettes  clips of a film that are still looking for a common throughline .
amid the shock and curiosity factors  the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
yes  spirited away is a triumph of imagination  but its also a failure of storytelling .
whenever you think youve seen the end of the movie  we cut to a new scene  which also appears to be the end  but  no  we get another scene  and then another  you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
the screenplay  cowritten by director imogen kimmel  lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise  making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups  not much camera movement  and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea  but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting  while the third feels limited by its short running time .
except for paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for bartlebys pain  the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
will no doubt delight plymptons legion of fans  others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
for a film that celebrates radical  nonconformist values  what to do in case of fire  lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional  reserved kind of filmmaking .
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up  but they lack their idols energy and passion for detail .
mattei so completely loses himself to the films circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on  well  love in the time of money .
it briefly flirts with player masochism  but the point of real interest  audience sadism  is evaded completely .
holland lets things peter out midway  but its notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
for every articulate player  such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman  are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words  radical  or  suck  into a sentence .
its unfortunate that wallace  who wrote gibsons braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor  has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
i liked the movie  but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further  im left slightly disappointed that it didnt .
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion  there is precious little of either .
jackson and bledel seem to have been picked not for their acting chops  but for their looks and appeal to the preteen crowd .
like schindlers list  the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent  but ends up merely pretentious  in a grisly sort of way .
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at  listen to  and think about  it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
screenwriter pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it  but it is a rather poor imitation .
its kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomachchurning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
there are cheesy backdrops  ridiculous action sequences  and many tired jokes about men in heels .
ice cube isnt quite out of ripe screwball ideas  but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
everything else about high crimes is  like the military system of justice it portrays  tiresomely regimented .
just dreadful  i dont blame eddie murphy but shouldnt owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script .
hard as this may be to believe  here on earth  a surprisingly similar teen drama  was a better film .
the pretensions  and disposable story  sink the movie  and diesel isnt the actor to save it .
bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
frank capra played this story straight  but the 2002 film doesnt really believe in it  and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate comedy scenes .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and grossout gags on top of the same old crap .
handled correctly  wildes play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice  here  alas  it collapses like an overcooked souffl .
a bizarre piece of work  with premise and dialogue at the level of kids television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy  rape and suspected murder .
paul bettany is good at being the ultraviolent gangster wannabe  but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
its a gag thats worn a bit thin over the years  though dont ask still finds a few chuckles .
often likable  but just as often its meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike  eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
showtime isnt particularly assaultive  but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase  explosion or gunfight again .
i have no problem with  difficult  movies  or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out  but first  you have to give the audience a reason to bwantb to put for that effort  and  i .
whats most offensive isnt the waste of a good cast  but the films denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
fans of plymptons shorts may marginally enjoy the film  but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
none of this sounds promising and  indeed  the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any comedy to ever spill from a projectors lens .
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
punchdrunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that  if it were a person  youd want to smash its face in .
at once overly oldfashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavyhanded in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
while the production details are lavish  film has little insight into the historical period and its artists  particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
whats the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle  well  its not as pathetic as the animal .
with all the sympathy  empathy and pity fogging up the screen    his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
has all the values of a straighttovideo movie  but because it has a biggername cast  it gets a full theatrical release .
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action  all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
mandel hollands direction is uninspired  and his scripting unsurprising  but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning  youll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
did no one on the set have a sense of humor  or did they not have the nerve to speak up .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor  but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
like its parade of predecessors  this halloween is a gory slashfest  it cant escape its past  and it doesnt want to .
a liveaction cartoon  a fastmoving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
what the audience feels is exhaustion  from watching a movie that is dark  dark green  to be exact   sour  bloody and mean .
meticulously mounted  exasperatingly wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlos lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
im not sure which will take longer to heal  the welt on johnny knoxvilles stomach from a riotcontrol projectile or my own tortured psyche .
while serving sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest austin powers extravaganza  theres nothing here to match that movies intermittent moments of inspiration .
im not sure which is worse  the poor acting by the ensemble cast  the flat dialogue by vincent r  nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards  someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
as with so many merchandisedtothemax movies of this type  more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
the irwins scenes are fascinating  the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their deathdefying efforts .
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea  then pay your 8 and get ready for the big shear  this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan  he may have meant the internet short saving ryans privates  but windtalkers doesnt beat that one  either .
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
we never feel anything for these characters  and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head  but he knows how to pose madonna .
the story  touching though it is  does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature  and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired  of fighting the same fights  of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders  of playing with narrative form .
while you have to admit its semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when youre a jet  youre a jet all the way   its equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to  tonight .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though its trying to set the womens liberation movement back 20 years .
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well    but quite frankly  scoob and shag dont eat enough during the film .
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
johnnie to and wai ka fai are sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the films interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout  this is the one .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdys sledgehammer sap .
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity  steven soderberghs space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of  it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
feels slight  as if it were an extended short  albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
unspeakable  of course  barely begins to describe the plot and its complications  vulgar is too optimistic a title .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene  but to diminishing effect  the characters never change .
if the last man were the last movie left on earth  there would be a tossup between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
welles groupiescholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it  but hes finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes  becoming so slick and watereddown it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested  or at least conscious  i could feel my eyelids    getting    very    heavy .
boasts eyecatching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
oversexed  at times overwrought comedydrama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty  female and single .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the years worst cinematic tragedies .
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame  with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
if you saw benignis pinocchio at a public park  youd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
the animation is competent  and some of the gags are quite funny  but jonah    never shakes the oppressive  morally superior goodforyou quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
the pace of the film is very slow  for obvious reasons  and that too becomes offputting .
mr  wollter and ms  seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
in his role of observer of the scene  lawrence sounds whiny and defensive  as if his lifealtering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
the film didnt convince me that calvin jr  s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicagos south side .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries  but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad  and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
all the small moments and flashbacks dont add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
one things for sureif george romero had directed this movie  it wouldnt have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
spreads itself too thin  leaving these actors  as well as the members of the commune  short of profound characterizations .
it wouldnt matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabes routine is offensive  puerile and unimaginatively foulmouthed if it was at least funny .
i liked the original short story but this movie  even at an hour and twentysome minutes  its too long and it goes nowhere .
this little film is so slovenly done  so primitive in technique  that it cant really be called animation .
hawkes film  a boring  pretentious waste of nearly two hours  doesnt tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny  pathetic  starving and untalented artistes .
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai  but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane .
reallife strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
its crap on a leashfar too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dantes similarly styled gremlins .
one of the most depressing moviegoing experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a socalled comedy and not laugh once .
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
lets face it  there arent many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if theyre not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work  every bit as imperious as katzenbergs the prince of egypt from 1998 .
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue  just because it seems obligatory .
the movies vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
maid in manhattan proves that its easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
i cant remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
like most of jagloms films  some of it is honestly affecting  but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
one long  numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
about as exciting to watch as two lastplace basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
the chateau    is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
its not too fast and not too slow  its not too racy and its not too offensive  its not too much of anything .
the great pity is that those responsible didnt cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of directtovideo nash  and send it to its proper home .
about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
instead of using george and lucys most obvious differences to ignite sparks  lawrence desperately looks elsewhere  seizing on georges haplessness and lucys personality tics .
becomes a bit of a mishmash  a tearjerker that doesnt and a thriller that wont .
family togetherness takes a back seat to interfamily rivalry and workplace ambition133  whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
like a fish thats lived too long  austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
im sorry to say that this should seal the deal  arnold is not  nor will he be  back .
the story of trouble every day    is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a sciencefiction horror film  and the movies fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life  and its electronic expression through cyber culture  the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 12hour running time .
enough is not a bad movie  just mediocre  the performances are so overstated  the effect comes off as selfparody .
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay  which lags badly in the middle and lurches between notveryfunny comedy  unconvincing dramatics and some lastminute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run .
van wilder has a builtin audience  but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard madefortv movie .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story  of course  is that it goes nowhere  and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt  as if you were paying dues for good books unread  fine music never heard .
the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of hypertime but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it  but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
unfortunately  contrived plotting  stereotyped characters and woos overthetop instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movies heart .
when science fiction takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasnt yet had much science  it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
as a featurelength film  it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
a guilty pleasure at best  and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
a sleepinducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
with a  spy kids  sequel opening next week  why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a  snl  hasbeen acting like an 8yearold channeling roberto benigni .
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hiphop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
pocas ideas interesantes  un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto .
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
instead of trying to bust some blondes  diggs should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
de ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is  overall  far too staid for its subject matter .
theres surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director  one would hope for the best .
tobacks fondness for fancy splitscreen  stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard    blends uneasily with the titillating material .
adam sandlers 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voiceover hero in columbia pictures perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
essentially  fatal attraction  remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987     this story gets sillier  not scarier  as it goes along .
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable  shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
the films hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
in the spirit of the season  i assign one bright shining star to roberto benignis pinocchio  but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you dont want to think too much about whats going on  the movie does has some entertainment value  how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movies rude and crude humor .
as selfaware movies go  who is cletis tout  is clever enough  though thin writing proves its undoing .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus  point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages  overblown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
a fascinating curiosity piece  fascinating  that is  for about ten minutes  after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie  but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection  several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
tries to parody a genre thats already a joke in the united states  the movie is the equivalent of french hiphop  which also seems to play on a 10year delay .
a beyondlame satire  teddy bears picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writeractor .
ive never seen  a remake  do anything as stomachturning as the way adam sandlers new movie rapes  pillages and incinerates frank capras classic .
such a wildly uneven hitandmiss enterprise  you cant help suspecting that it was improvised on a daytoday basis during production .
a weird little movie thats amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l  a  s showbiz and media subcultures  but it doesnt leave you with much .
im convinced i could keep a family of five blind  crippled  amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie  like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title  many can aspire but none can equal .
theres some outrageously creative action in the transporter    but by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck  its just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
one of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast  bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot  moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair .
theres an admirable rigor to jimmys relentless anger  and to the scripts refusal of a happy ending  but as those monologues stretch on and on  you realize theres no place for this story to go but down .
once again  the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated  and a meaty plot and welldeveloped characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
allens best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous    that it could have been a hoot in a badmovie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this bloodsoaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of richard nixon .
this sade is hardly a perverse  dangerous libertine and agitator  which would have made for better drama  hes just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery  and the film seems as deflated as he does .
the films needlessly opaque intro takes its doeeyed crudup out of pre911 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
its as if a bored cage spent the duration of the films shooting schedule waiting to scream   got aids yet .
in a strange way  egoyan has done too much  hes worked too hard on this movie .
the film has the throwntogether feel of a summercamp talent show  hastily written  underrehearsed  arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary  naturalistic tone of the film .
the movies messages are quite admirable  but the story is just too clichd and too often strains credulity .
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times  either 11 times too many or else too few .
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns  expensive cars  lots of naked women and rocawear clothing .
to the filmmakers  ivan is a prince of a fellow  but he comes across as shallow and glib though not meanspirited  and theres no indication that hes been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
this is a movie filled with unlikable  spiteful idiots  whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita .
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly uglylooking broad  but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
theres little to recommend snow dogs  unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
its deepsixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in theres something about mary and devise a parallel clonegag .
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes  its insanely violent and very graphic .
sorority boys  which is as bad at it is cruel  takes every potential laugh and stilettostomps the life out of it .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming  maybe theres a metaphor here  but figuring it out wouldnt make trouble every day any better .
weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20thcentury footnotes .
sheridan is painfully bad  a fourthrate jim carrey who doesnt understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz .
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
its absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan  make chans action sequences boring .
you    get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic  parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
its the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
the films final hour  where nearly all the previous unseen material resides  is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering halfstep of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
director yu seems far more interested in grossout humor than in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we havent seen 10  000 times .
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out whos who in this pretentious mess .
a pintsized goodfellas designed to appeal to the younger set  its not a very good movie in any objective sense  but it does mostly hold ones interest .
its definitely not made for kids or their parents  for that matter  and i think even fans of sandlers comic taste may find it uninteresting .
sheridan seems terrified of the books irreverent energy  and scotches most of its lan  humor  bile  and irony .
there are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film  its makes a better travelogue than movie .
its as if solondz had two ideas for two movies  couldnt really figure out how to flesh either out  so he just slopped em together here .
the fourth in a series that ill bet most parents had thought hoped   was a fad that had long since vanished .
its a long way from orwells dark  intelligent warning cry 1984 to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
the holiday message of the 37minute santa vs  the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
if you saw it on tv  youd probably turn it off  convinced that you had already seen that movie .
the script isnt up to the level of the direction  nor are the uneven performances by the cast members  who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosis nowcliched vampire accent .
enigma looks great  has solid acting and a neat premise  yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
while theres likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans  as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbos dumbeddown tactics   much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly  like between lunch breaks for shearers radio show and his simpson voiceovers .
perrys good and his is an interesting character  but  serving sara  hasnt much more to serve than silly fluff  nor is it a romantic comedy .
culkin turns his character into what is basically an antiharry potter  right down to the gryffindor scarf .
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and  by extension  its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
its a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
in the nottoodistant future  movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds  right now  theyre merely signposts marking the slow  lingering death of imagination .
the movies biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a saltoftheearth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior    circuit gets drawn into the party .
it appears as if even the filmmakers didnt know what kind of movie they were making .
beneath the uncanny  inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of moviebiz farce    lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
piccolis performance is amazing  yes  but the symbols of loss and denial and lifeatarmslength in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
starts out mediocre  spirals downward  and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
nicolas cage isnt the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray  and this movie wont create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
it lacks the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made eyres first film something of a sleeper success .
the result is good gossip  entertainingly delivered  yet with a distinctly musty odour  its expiry date long gone .
a sustained fest of selfcongratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movies worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
green ruins every single scene hes in  and the film  while its not completely wreaked  is seriously compromised by that .
the story is predictable  the jokes are typical sandler fare  and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
unlike trey parker  sandler doesnt understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny  not actually exploiting it yourself .
hanekes script  from elfriede jelineks novel  is contrived  unmotivated  and psychologically unpersuasive  with an inconclusive ending .
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
those 24andunders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
a distinctly mixed bag  the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
ultimately  jane learns her place as a girl  softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
its clear why deuces wild  which was shot two years ago  has been gathering dust on mgms shelf .
feels like nothing quite so much as a middleaged moviemakers attempt to surround himself with beautiful  halfnaked women .
when the precise nature of matthews predicament finally comes into sharp focus  the revelation fails to justify the buildup .
this picture is murder by numbers  and as easy to be bored by as your abcs  despite a few whopping shootouts .
if you are into splatter movies  then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
a dull  simpleminded and stereotypical tale of drugs  death and mindnumbing indifference on the innercity streets .
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough  but she needs to shake up the mix  and work in something that doesnt feel like a halfbaked standup routine .
ultimately  the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad  and the toofrosty exterior ms  paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee  especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard  which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but its nowhere near as exciting as either .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget  but the problem with wendigo  for all its effective moments  isnt really one of resources .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but it lacks a strong narrative .
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins  who seem barely in the same movie  their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic  its just a weird fizzle .
this is a childrens film in the truest sense  its packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message  so its great for the kids  parents  on the other hand  will be ahead of the plot at all times  and there isnt enough clever innuendo to fil .
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austenand a hollywoodized austen at that .
tykwers surface flash isnt just a poor fit with kieslowskis lyrical pessimism  it completely contradicts everything kieslowskis work aspired to  including the condition of art .
ice age is the first computergenerated feature cartoon to feel like other movies  and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
cherry orchard is badly edited  often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary precredit sequence designed to give some of the characters a back story .
what ensues are much bloodsplattering  mass druginduced bowel evacuations  and nonetoofunny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so  the movie is without intent .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs  including a knockout of a closing line   the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team  but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard  is a particularly vexing handicap .
you expect more from director michael apted  enigma  and screenwriter nicholas kazan  reversal of fortune  than this cliche pileup .
the first mistake  i suspect  is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college studentwheres pauly shore as the rocket scientist .
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny  and the action sequences  clearly the main event  are surprisingly uninvolving .
replacing john carpenters stylish tracking shots is degraded  handheld blair witch videocam footage  of all the halloweens  this is the most visually unappealing .
despite its dry wit and compassion  the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
feels as if  theres  a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good  hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama  he seems to want both  but succeeds in making neither .
its not a bad plot  but  unfortunately  the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
girlfriends are bad  wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy .
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants    who might be distracted by the movies quick movements and sounds .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances  but the result is disappointing .
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
a wishywashy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung  but explains its characters decisions only unsatisfactorily .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prepschool kid with a mrs  robinson complex founders on its own preciousness  and squanders its beautiful women .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
this is surely one of the most frantic  virulent and foulnatured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand  even the funniest idea isnt funny .
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating  but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
return to never land is much more p  c  than the original version  no more racist portraits of indians  for instance   but the excitement is missing .
by the end  you just dont care whether that coldhearted snake petrovich  that would be reno  gets his comeuppance  just bring on the battle bots  please .
while its all quite tasteful to look at  the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
yes they can swim  the title is merely annesophie birots offhanded way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
don michael paul uses quickcuts   very  large shadows and wideangle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double  for seagal .
in a big corner office in hell  satan is throwing up his hands in surrender  is firing his rd people  and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 247 .
for something as splendidlooking as this particular film  the viewer expects something special but instead gets scifi rehash .
though uniformly well acted  especially by young ballesta and galan  a firsttime actor   writerdirector achero manass film is schematic and obvious .
despite its visual virtuosity  naqoyqatsi is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
slap her  shes not funny  no french people were harmed during the making of this movie  but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations  the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid   um   isnt that the basis for the entire plot .
one regards reign of fire with awe  what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
it has the right approach and the right opening premise  but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movies presentation  which is way too stagy .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable  the directors experiment is a successful one .
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
ninety minutes of viva castro  can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms anti castro rhetoric  which are included .
comes off as a long  laborious whine  the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
in a 102minute film  aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time     most viewers will wish there had been more of the  queen  and less of the  damned .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for  or worth rooting against  for that matter .
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachykeen and so tubthumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond  but much of it is good for a laugh  the problem with  xxx  is that its own action isnt very effective .
a great script brought down by lousy direction  same guy with both hats  big mistake .
a mediocre exercise in target demographics  unaware that its the butt of its own joke .
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks  he doesnt  however  deliver nearly enough of the shows trademark style and flash .
in gleefully  thumpingly hyperbolic terms  it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass  jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
perhaps even the slc high command found writerdirector mitch daviss wall of kitsch hard going .
according to wendigo  nature loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
the romance between the leads isnt as compelling or as believable as it should be .
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was  i would go back and choose to skip it  fortunately  you still have that option .
supposedly authentic account of a historical event thats far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
adroit but finally a trifle flat  mad love doesnt galvanize its outrage the way  say  jane campion might have done  but at least it possesses some .
with nary a glimmer of selfknowledge  crane becomes more specimen than character  and auto focus remains a chilly  clinical lab report .
i walked away not really know who  they  were  what  they  looked like  why  they  were here and what  they  wanted and quite honestly  i didnt care .
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense  youll be wistful for the testosteronecharged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions  especially because half past dead is like the rock on a walmart budget .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea  but the movie that doesnt really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences .
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio  as for children  they wont enjoy the movie at all .
you can be forgiven for realizing that youve spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
too bad writerdirector adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagles carpets .
its lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
the movie is genial but never inspired  and little about it will stay with you .
the movie obviously seeks to recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules vernes 20  000 leagues under the sea and the george pal version of h  g  wells the time machine   but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene  the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene  what should have been a painless timekiller becomes instead a grating endurance test .
little action  almost no suspense or believable tension  onedimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as scifi generic .
the movie strains to stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
the master of disguise is awful  its pauly shore awful  dont say you werent warned .
disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter .
what frei gives us    is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
the film is way too full of itself  its stuffy and pretentious in a givemeanoscar kind of way .
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn  and the nicest thing i can say is that i cant remember a single name responsible for it .
watching  ending  is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbors garage sale  you cant believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
certainly beautiful to look at  but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
it desperately wants to be a wacky  screwball comedy  but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
the skills of a calculus major at m  i  t  are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the longwinded heist comedy who is cletis tout .
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to special effects by way of replacing objects in a characters hands below the camera line   besotted  is misbegotten .
a film that presents an interesting  even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
directed in a flashy  empty submusic video style by a director so selfpossessed he actually adds a period to his first name .
the 70yearold godard has become  to judge from in praise of love  the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic worldatlarge without doing all that much to correct them .
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision  but that vision is beginning to feel  if not morally bankrupt  at least terribly monotonous .
supposedly based upon real  or at least soberly reported incidents  the film ends with a large human tragedy  alas  getting there is not even half the interest .
the smash emup  crash emup  shoot emup ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and julietwest side story territory  where it plainly has no business going .
harts war seems to want to be a character study  but apparently cant quite decide which character .
theological matters aside  the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff  demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent  wellmade b movie is long gone .
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
been there  done that  liked it much better the first time around  when it was called the professional .
the film is all over the place  really  it dabbles all around  never gaining much momentum .
the beautiful  unusual music is this films chief draw  but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention  giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
when reno lets her radical flag fly  taking angry potshots at george w  bush  henry kissinger  larry king  et al   reno devolves into a laughfree lecture .
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy  but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
burns fifth beersoaked film feels in almost every possible way  from the writing and direction to the soggy performances  tossed off .
es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo  pues talento tiene  pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido .
while this one gets off with a good natured warning  future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter .
too much of the movie feels contrived  as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldnt work without all those gimmicks .
its hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie  and its harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawkes artistic aspirations  but he hasnt yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mindmaybe too much .
why sit through a crummy  wannabehip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies  when you could just rent those movies instead  let alone seek out a respectable new one .
the obnoxious special effects  the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant  sofiveminutesago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy  dopey old hannabarbera charm .
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film  but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigans platinumblonde hair .
the movies downfall is to substitute plot for personality  it doesnt really know or care about the characters  and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
simone is not a bad film  it just doesnt have anything really interesting to say .
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy  the film becomes predictably conventional .
hopefully itll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around  wait to see it then .
theres no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer  or for the year  for that matter .
lacks the spirit of the previous two  and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins inclination to play hannibal lecter again  even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
death to smoochy tells a moldyoldie  notnearly asnasty asit thinksitis joke  over and over again .
the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements  in terms of love  age  gender  race  and class .
the film falls short on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them  perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter  its not an easy one to review .
at best this is a film for the under7 crowd  but it would be better to wait for the video  and a very rainy day .
never again  while nothing special  is pleasant  diverting and modest  definitely a step in the right direction .
wouldnt it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii  um  no  but heres a movie about it anyway .
has not so much been written as assembled  frankensteinlike  out of other  marginally better shootemups .
the punch lines that miss  unfortunately  outnumber the hits by threetoone  but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
mushes the collegefriends genre  the big chill  together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
showtimes starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment  those who trek to the plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves  but ticketbuyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr  de niro .
a determined  ennuihobbled slog that really doesnt have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
fails in making this character understandable  in getting under her skin  in exploring motivation    well before the end  the film grows as dull as its characters  about whose fate it is hard to care .
its a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes    finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
juliette binoches sand is vivacious  but its hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
its supposed to be postfeminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
throughout all the tumult  a question comes to mind  so why is this so boring .
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success    but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
a ripoff twice removed  modeled after seagals earlier copycat under siege  sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
totally overwrought  deeply biased  and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .
behans memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense  but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing  the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
lazy filmmaking  with the director taking a handsoff approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why its compelling .
if it were any more of a turkey  it would gobble in dolby digital stereo  if nothing else   rollerball  2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any  on the evidence before us  the answer is clear  not easily and  in the end  not well enough .
festers in just such a dungpile that youd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
lynes latest  the erotic thriller unfaithful  further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss  and thats more or less how it plays out .
report card  doesnt live up to the exalted tagline  theres definite room for improvement  doesnt deserve a passing grade  even on a curve .
the pacing is deadly  the narration helps little and naipaul  a juicy writer  is negated .
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says im telling you  this is f    ed  maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
if it had been only halfanhour long or a tv special  the humor would have been fast and furious at ninety minutes  it drags .
bean drops the ball too many times    hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwoods dirty harry period .
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
lee treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women  as dumb  credulous  unassuming  subordinate subjects  and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring  widesmiling reception .
theres not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
a era do gelo diverte  mas no convence   um passatempo descompromissado  e s .
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork  an uneasy marriage of louis begleys source novel  about schmidt  and an old payne screenplay .
we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed chris rock   anthony hopkins and terrorists into some univaclike script machine .
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie  you know the picture is in trouble .
this is very much of a mixed bag  with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
whether its the worst movie of 2002  i cant say for sure  memories of rollerball have faded  and i skipped country bears  but this new jangle of noise  mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
a boldly stroked  luridly coloured  unidimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me  it was just a matter of eh .
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it  we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce  because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of grossout flicks  college flicks  or even flicks in general  it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
shame on writerdirector vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens  obsessive relationships  and rampant adultery so dull .
with a completely predictable plot  youll swear that youve seen it all before  even if youve never come within a mile of the longest yard .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled  when the twist endings were actually surprising  when the violence actually shocked  when the heroes were actually under 40  sadly  as blood work proves  that was a long  long time ago .
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic  extremesports adventure  but ends up more of a creaky  pretty woman  retread  with the emphasis on selfempowering schmaltz and bigwave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie  in other words  its badder than bad .
if they broke out into elaborate choreography  singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention  but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottomofthebill fare like the ghost and mr  chicken .
ultimately  sarahs dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic  and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one womans broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
its supposed to be a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength  but it never quite adds up .
feels more like a rejected xfiles episode than a credible account of a puzzling reallife happening .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion  others create ultimate thrills  men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance  its the scifi comedy spectacle as whiffleball epic .
an enigmatic film thats too clever for its own good  its a conundrum not worth solving .
it doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie  and a sappy  preachy one at that .
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming  it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
the result is so tame that even slightly wisedup kids would quickly change the channel .
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revengeofthenerds clichs the filmmakers could dredge up .
it takes you somewhere youre not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface  and exotic dancing  its surprisingly oldfashioned .
while the story is betterfocused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel its based upon  queen of the damned is a pointless  meandering celebration of the gothvampire  tortured woeisme lifestyle .
it should be interesting  it should be poignant  it turns out to be affected and boring .
a goodlooking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
if hill isnt quite his generations don siegel  or robert aldrich   its because theres no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair  its all bluster and clich .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet  swipe 90 minutes of your time  and offer you precisely this in recompense  a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink .
martin lawrence live is so selfpitying  i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy  drama  melodrama or some combination of the three .
dont hate el crimen del padre amaro because its anticatholic  hate it because its lousy .
like a bad improvisation exercise  the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives  loves and the art theyre struggling to create .
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l  a  to that end  they mock the kind of folks they dont understand  ones they figure the powerlunchers dont care to understand  either .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time  feel free to go get popcorn whenever hes not onscreen .
the selfserious equilibrium makes its point too well  a movie  like life  isnt much fun without the highs and lows .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who cant get out of his own way .
the main characters are simply named the husband  the wife and the kidnapper  emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
swims in mediocrity  sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
the only type of lives this glossy comedydrama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
the characters    are paperthin  and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
the trouble is  its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is  given its labor day weekend upload  feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art  its an unhappy situation all around .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue    accentuating  rather than muting  the plots saccharine thrust .
this is as lax and limp a comedy as ive seen in a while  a meander through wornout material .
time literally stops on a dime in the triessohardtobecool  clockstoppers   but that doesnt mean it still wont feel like the longest 90 minutes of your moviegoing life .
the sort of picture in which  whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do  they go to a pictureperfect beach during sunset .
has none of the crackle of  fatal attraction    9  weeks   or even  indecent proposal   and feels more like lynes stolid remake of  lolita .
everything its title implies  a standardissue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of godards vision  any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny selfrighteousness of his voice .
the movie isnt painfully bad  something to be fully experienced  its just tediously bad  something to be fully forgotten .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his englishlanguage debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
the film    presents classic moralcondundrum drama  what would you have done to survive  the problem with the film is whether these ambitions  laudable in themselves  justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz iibirkenau .
for all its social and political potential  state property doesnt end up being very inspiring or insightful .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and this isnt .
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point    is no doubt true  but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome  with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paperthin characterizations and facile situations .
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking  joyless  idiotic  annoying  heavyhanded  visually atrocious  and often downright creepy .
this offputting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie .
ensemble movies  like soap operas  depend on empathy  if there aint none  you have a problem .
the master of disguise falls under the category of should have been a sketch on saturday night live .
yet another selfconsciously overwritten story about a ragtag bunch of wouldbe characters that team up for a cantmiss heist  only to have it all go wrong .
koepps screenplay isnt nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets .
clumsy  obvious  preposterous  the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
its hard to pity the plain girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lipgloss  rather  pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
belongs in the toohotfortv directtovideodvd category  and this is why i have given it a onestar rating .
as earnest as a communitycollege advertisement  american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
a dimwitted and lazy spinoff of the animal planet documentary series  crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down  and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queens men .
even fans of ismail merchants work  i suspect  would have a hard time sitting through this one .
its really just another silly hollywood action film  one among a multitude of simpleminded  yahooing death shows .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese  but it doesnt need gangs of new york .
enchanted with lowlife tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts    what is sorely missing  however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cages best acting .
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again  and while that is a cliche  nothing could be more appropriate  its likely that whatever you thought of the first production  pro or con  youll likely think of this one .
lin chungs voice is rather unexceptional  even irritating  at least to this western ear   making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
though theres a clarity of purpose and evenhandedness to the films direction  the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
unfortunately  the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction  impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent  indie trick in the book .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story  but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors  even kingsley  are made to look bad .
all the queens men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels  it should pay reparations to viewers .
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
rather than real figures  elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the nafs encounter with the world .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
its all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and its all about the silences and if youre into that  have at it .
i suspect that youll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it  if you go  pack your knitting needles .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma  we dont even like their characters .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something  but  dude  the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
the movie doesnt generate a lot of energy  it is dark  brooding and slow  and takes its central idea way too seriously .
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious  untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
it feels like very light errol morris  focusing on eccentricity but failing  ultimately  to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired  pair that with really poor comedic writing    and youve got a huge mess .
proves a lovely trifle that  unfortunately  is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff  stealing harvard cant even do that much  each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game  you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
i spied with my little eye    a mediocre collection of cookiecutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits .
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics  but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
an  o bruin  where art thou   style crosscountry adventure    it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing  but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
a very familiar tale  one thats been told by countless filmmakers about italian  chinese  irish  latin  indian  russian and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
hell is looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isnt even halfway through .
too long  and larded with exposition  this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and roughhewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and  playing a charmless witch  she is merely a charmless witch .
you have no affinity for most of the characters  nothing about them is attractive  what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
a technically wellmade suspenser    but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
an inept  tedious spoof of 70s kung fu pictures  it contains almost enough chuckles for a threeminute sketch  and no more .
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus  accepting a 50yearold in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
youll just have your head in your hands wondering why lees character didnt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter  silberling also  to a certain extent  trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star  but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation  how about surprising us by trying something new .
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth  windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
if a few good men told us that we  cant handle the truth  than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we  dont care about the truth .
further sad evidence that tom tykwer  director of the resonant and sensespinning run lola run  has turned out to be a onetrick pony  a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
youll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy  there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
one gets the impression the creators of dont ask dont tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes  too bad none of it is funny .
the cast has a high time  but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
the film has too many spots where its on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one thats especially fit for the kiddies .
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging  oh  and more entertaining  too .
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who dont know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal  i felt disrespected .
while the new film is much more eyecatching than its blooddrenched stephen norringtondirected predecessor  the new script by the returning david s  goyer is much sillier .
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history  ballistic  ecks vs  sever also features terrible  banal dialogue  convenient  holeridden plotting  superficial characters and a rather dull  unimaginative car chase .
it shares the first two films loosejointed structure  but laughoutloud bits are few and far between .
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids  but ive got to give it thumbs down .
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didnt sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
if youre really renting this youre not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices  youre interested in anne geddes  john grisham  and thomas kincaid .
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward  celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs  and neither do cliches  no matter how inside they are .
manipulative claptrap  a periodpiece movieoftheweek  plain old blarney    take your pick  all three descriptions suit evelyn  a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
hey arnold  is now stretched to barely feature length  with a little more attention paid to the animation  still  the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartletts story is appealing .
true to its title  it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
doesnt come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
the plot is paperthin and the characters arent interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
the film didnt move me one way or the other  but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
any film that doesnt even in passing mention political prisoners  poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
blade ii is still topheavy with blazing guns  cheatfully filmed martial arts  disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts  the wide range of one actor  and the limited range of a comedian .
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway  where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical  oddly abstract  and excruciatingly literal .
the highconcept scenario soon proves preposterous  the acting is robotically italicized  and truthinadvertising hounds take note  theres very little hustling on view .
this directors cut  which adds 51 minutes  takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
the venezuelans say things like  si  pretty much  and  por favor  go home  when talking to americans  thats muy loco  but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of  dragonfly .
its a movie that ends with truckzilla  for cryin out loud  if that doesnt clue you in that somethings horribly wrong  nothing will .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the storys promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
its difficult to imagine that a more confused  less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
like the tuck family themselves  this movie just goes on and on and on and on .
a film that plays things so nice n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
its a feelbad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewers face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven  west of hell in the pantheon of billy bobs body of work .
the abiding impression  despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz  is of overwhelming waste  the acres of haute couture cant quite conceal that theres nothing resembling a spine here .
you come away thinking not only that kate isnt very bright  but that she hasnt been worth caring about and that maybe she  janine and molly  an allwoman dysfunctional family  deserve one another .
the metaphors are provocative  but too often  the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
very much a home video  and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
its provocative stuff  but the speculative effort is hampered by taylors cartoonish performance and the films illconsidered notion that hitlers destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
a cellophanepop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen  the fabulous stains    crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
for this sort of thing to work  we need agile performers  but the proficient  dull sorvino has no light touch  and rodan is out of his league .
though excessively tiresome  the uncertainty principle  as verbally pretentious as the title may be  has its handful of redeeming features  as long as you discount its ability to bore .
despite juliet stevenons attempt to bring cohesion to pamelas emotional roller coaster life  it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
his nelsons screenplay needs some serious reworking to show more of the dilemma  rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
its so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through  despite some firstrate performances by its lead .
there are many definitions of time waster but this movie must surely be one of them .
as it stands  crocodile hunter has the hurried  badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla  which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monsters path of destruction .
if a horror movie s primary goal is to frighten and disturb  then they works spectacularly well  a shiverinducing  nerverattling ride .
the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
it s a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
one of recent memory s most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
spiderman is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini  madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
a wellmade but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
crafted  engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
evokes the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
of the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
it s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
s a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
provides the kind of  laugh therapy  i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending .
this movie may not have the highest production values you ve ever seen  but it s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
it s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman s warmest .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
judith and zaza s extended bedroom sequence  is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
an ambitious movie that  like shiner s organizing of the big fight  pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do nt come off .
twenty years after its first release  et remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
et remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielberg s misunderstood career .
combines the enigmatic features of  memento  with the hallucinatory drug culture of  requiem for a dream .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
i walked away from this new version of et just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
walked away from this new version of et just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
it s a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
s a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes .
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm  this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
stopped thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that it s based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that it s based on true events .
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
s a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
it would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
captures  in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago  the essence of the dogtown experience .
is the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
mostly works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
works because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
it s a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys  regardless of their ages .
content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
writer and director otar iosseliani s pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice .
it s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently  but peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
peter mattei s love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
are simply dazzling  particularly balk  who s finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
may be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and .
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
lrb dong rrb makes a valiant effort to understand everyone s point of view  and .
light the candles  bring out the cake and do nt fret about the calories because there s precious little substance in birthday girl  it s simply  and surprisingly  a nice  light treat .
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i ve had in a while .
it s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
the year s greatest adventure  and jackson s limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
jones  makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
ms hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda s ultimate fate .
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog s works  invincible shows he s back in form  with an astoundingly rich film .
s a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca nt possibly be enough .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions  i ll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
unfolds as sand s masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
all the actors are good in pauline  paulette but van der groen  described as  belgium s national treasure   is especially terrific as pauline .
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre  which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre  which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
fast and funny  an action cartoon that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and they ve told a nice little story in the process .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand .
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand .
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love  history  memory  resistance and artistic transcendence .
lrb ramsay rrb visually transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
visually transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
packed to bursting with incident  and with scores of characters  some fictional  some from history .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky s cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
the art direction is often exquisite  and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
the emperor s club  ruthless in its own placid way  finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed .
feels capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare s plays .
a delightfully unpredictable  hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender .
enough intelligence  wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film .
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship  love  and the truth that we re all in this together .
davis  gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
sparkling  often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy  attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called  my husband is travis bickle .
astonishing  lrb frames rrb profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
moves beyond the original s nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema s inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
i do nt know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he s made at least one damn fine horror movie .
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he s made at least one damn fine horror movie .
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he s made at least one damn fine horror movie .
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he s made at least one damn fine horror movie .
an energizing  intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
kinnear  gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life s ultimate losers .
cho cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
an intelligently made lrb and beautifully edited rrb picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
because the film deliberately lacks irony  it has a genuine dramatic impact  it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we ve somehow never seen before .
he does this so well you do nt have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
lrb washington s rrb strong hand  keen eye  sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
drumline  shows a level of young  black manhood that is funny  touching  smart and complicated .
three excellent principal singers  a youthful and goodlooking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations .
is duly impressive in imax dimensions  as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but  also one of the most curiously depressing .
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old .
wonders  enhancing the cultural and economic subtext  bringing richer meaning to the story s morals .
short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
it s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
s also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment i m likely to see all year .
brian tufano s handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky s excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and i m all for that .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
it s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
s all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
all about anakin  and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances .
its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
are complex and quirky  but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
the pianist lrb is rrb a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war s madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms  is a nonstop hoot .
the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity  this quality band may pick up new admirers .
are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
amy s orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
the compassion  goodnatured humor and the level of insight that made lrb eyre s rrb first film something of a sleeper success .
grenier is terrific  bringing an unforced  rapidfire delivery to toback s heidegger  and nietzschereferencing dialogue .
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
as quiet  patient and tenacious as mr lopez himself  who approaches his difficult  endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
hugely entertaining from start to finish  featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in  baran .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans lrb but by no means all rrb will have fun with .
there s no conversion effort  much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
returning director rob minkoff  and screenwriter bruce joel rubin  have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
have done a fine job of updating white s dry wit to a new age .
but what s nice is that there s a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb .
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
in its own aloof  unreachable way it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
i m not a fan of the phrase  life affirming  because it usually means  schmaltzy   but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace s maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
s good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
the son of the bride s humour is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
of the bride s humour is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short  treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
directed with purpose and finesse by england s roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing .
special pov camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
in part to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
to interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
interesting cinematic devices lrb cool visual backmasking rrb  a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes .
the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
she s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right .
the film s crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
like shrek  spirit s visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
spirit s visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
parents may even find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
may even find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
if you re looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining  you re in luck .
can not help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new director s cut .
the delicious trimmings  arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
tavernier s film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
adaptation s success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
carry the movie because they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters  suffering .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally  one so unconventional  gutsy and perfectly .
picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
an enormously entertaining movie  like nothing we ve ever seen before  and yet completely familiar .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did nt try to .
we ve seen the hippieturnedyuppie plot before  but there s an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books  they ca nt go wrong .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys  direction is clever and insightful .
barbershop boasts some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
spielberg s first real masterpiece  it deserved all the hearts it won  and wins still  20 years later .
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs .
so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we re seeing something purer than the real thing .
naomi watts is terrific as rachel  her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
a charming  banterfilled comedy  one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
has rewards  from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword  jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca nt wait to see what the director does next .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored  audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and  via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat s fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made  but .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end  you almost do nt notice the 129minute running time .
the leaping story line  shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions .
a confident  richly acted  emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 s first great film .
adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film s conclusion powerful and satisfying .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
mr deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
methodical  measured  and gently tedious in its comedy  secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why it s so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why it s so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why it s so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
macdowell  gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she s ever done .
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
this is dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
is dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
dicaprio s best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone s flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone .
if  lilo  stitch  is nt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte .
victor rosa is leguizamo s best movie work so far  a subtle and richly internalized performance .
pete s screenplay manages to find that real natural  evenflowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
manages to find that real natural  evenflowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit  as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit  as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb delivers a magnetic performance .
read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb .
does full honor to miyazaki s teeming and often unsettling landscape  and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination .
it s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
s anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
it s a beautiful film  full of elaborate and twisted characters  and it s also pretty funny .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from .
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it he s well worth spending some time with .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and it s all the stronger because of it .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching  gives a human face to what s often discussed in purely abstract terms .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
fontaine s direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and he ll be your slave for a year .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
what john does is heroic  but we do nt condone it   one of the film s stars recently said  a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture s moral schizophrenia .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
it s a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kong s versatile stanley kwan .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately that s what makes it worth a recommendation .
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
so it s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film and .
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i ve ever seen in the many film .
combines sharp comedy  oldfashioned monster movie atmospherics  and genuine heart to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
there s none of the happilyever  after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and that s part of what makes dover kosashvili s outstanding feature debut so potent .
lrb reynolds rrb takes a classic story  casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
takes a classic story  casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater .
wendigo  larry fessenden s spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and in this film  every shot enhances the excellent performances .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
a compassionate  moving portrait of an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
ice age wo nt drop your jaw  but it will warm your heart  and i m giving it a strong thumbs up .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
but the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
so beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
beautifully acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth .
it is about irrational  unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
human experience  drama  conflict  tears and surprise  that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
fessenden continues to do interesting work  and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
d have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
arliss howard s ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
marshall keeps the energy humming  and his edits  unlike those in moulin rouge  are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
lrb fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall rrb show us the world they love and make us love it  too .
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  it s a lyrical endeavour .
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grownups from squirming in their seats .
fifty years after the fact  the world s political situation seems little different  and lrb director phillip rrb noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the world s political situation seems little different  and lrb director phillip rrb noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
uses the hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
there s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
s no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
although what time offers tsai s usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little .
for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
diesel is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
it s about individual moments of mood  and an aimlessness that s actually sort of amazing .
s about individual moments of mood  and an aimlessness that s actually sort of amazing .
it s a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
s a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
a sensitive  cultivated treatment of greene s work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated  discerning taste  this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
in a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  it s informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
the movie s captivating details are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
what s so fun about this silly  outrageous  ingenious thriller is the director s talent .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of  the lord of the rings  trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
i ve never seen or heard anything quite like this film  and i recommend it for its originality alone .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm  the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just .
a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story .
a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery .
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version .
whether or not you re enlightened by any of derrida s lectures on  the other  and  the self   derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
pt anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
others  more attuned to the anarchist maxim that  the urge to destroy is also a creative urge   or more willing to see with their own eyes  will find morrison s iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does nt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
overall  it s a very entertaining  thoughtprovoking film with a simple message  god is love .
insomnia is one of the year s best films and pacino gives one of his most daring  and complicated  performances .
behan s memoir is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense .
is great material for a film  rowdy  brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense .
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
those who are nt put off by the film s austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan s architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote lrb and cannier doppelganger rrb to diesel s xxx flexathon .
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
you do nt need to be a hiphop fan to appreciate scratch  and that s the mark of a documentary that works .
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of  emotional recovery .
astonishingly skillful and moving  it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story .
this film puts wang at the forefront of china s sixth generation of film makers .
it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
is a finelooking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
a finelooking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
s fun  wispy  wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure  he s easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
lrb leigh rrb has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
a fun family movie that s suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh  cry and realize   it s never too late to believe in your dreams .
a fun family movie that s suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh .
lrb kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code  and as a flawed human being who ca nt quite live up to it .
lrb kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
the unique niche of selfcritical  behindthescenes navelgazing kaufman has carved from orleans  story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
director nancy savoca s nofrills record of a show forged in stillraw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 911 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
it s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
s refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
it s dark but has wonderfully funny moments  you care about the characters  and the action and special effects are firstrate .
hardly an objective documentary  but it s great cinematic polemic  love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
one would be hardpressed to find a movie with a bigger  fatter heart than barbershop .
it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale  you wo nt be sorry .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
treats ana s journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
the rare movie that s as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it s based .
a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural  why did nt hollywood think of this sooner .
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
harvard man is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls  and last year s  rollerball .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls  and .
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue  the yale grad who previously gave us  the skulls .
it s packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message  so it s great for the kids .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro  could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and you ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and .
it s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
s something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
elegant and eloquent lrb meditation rrb on death and that most elusive of passions  love .
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body  so .
a humorous  alltoohuman look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness  and strength .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer s block ever .
antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented  and based on three short films and two features  here s betting her third feature will be something to behold .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli  ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
is destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
laughoutloud lines  adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances  and sparkling  bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl s dilemma .
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical .
it s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
lrb breheny s rrb lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
it s crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
all in all  brown sugar is a satisfying wellmade romantic comedy that s both charming and well acted .
s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors  is a note of defiance over social dictates .
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors .
nicholas nickleby  is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
made a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
a remarkable film that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
this makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and cam  ron seal the deal .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say .
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
while it s nothing we have nt seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones s diary .
a hugely rewarding experience that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
that s every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grant s two best films .
what makes this film special is serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
the film is moody  oozing  chilling and heartwarming all at once  a twisting  unpredictable  catandmouse thriller .
s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  you re on the edge of your seat .
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
like blended shades of lipstick  these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
whatever one makes of its political edge  this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema s master craftsmen .
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  it s a spirited film and a mustsee .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers .
an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derringdo puts the x into the games .
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
while glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future  is perfect casting for the role .
does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry  the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
with each of her three protagonists  miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb  but .
there are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
to do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
do all three quite well  making it one of the year s most enjoyable releases .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming  just a simple fable done in an artless sytle  but it s tremendously moving .
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
a lovely film  elegant  witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic  hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source s complexity .
go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
this marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze  and it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
it s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
s a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast  have made the old boy s characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could nt care less .
puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter  this is it .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter .
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
lrb taymor rrb utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
utilizes the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
the story  is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
terrific as nadia  a russian mailorder bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english .
it s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then .
seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
offers copious hints along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
you feel good  you feel sad  you feel pissed off  but in the end  you feel alive  which is what they did .
lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
michael moore s latest documentary about america s thirst for violence is his best film yet .
with dickens  words and writerdirector douglas mcgrath s eventoned direction  a ripping good yarn is told .
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
as improbable as this premise may seem  abbass s understated  shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
creates a film of nearhypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heartbreakingly extensive annals of whiteonblack racism .
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it s like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
is so rich with period minutiae it s like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards .
it s a treat  a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score  grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
it s a treat  a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
it s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
s a fun adventure movie for kids lrb of all ages rrb that like adventure .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not sugarcoated in the least .
s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days .
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast  but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film .
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film .
s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
it s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
s also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie  tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
lux  now in her eighties  does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
one of the most original american productions this year  you ll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
many a parent and their teen lrb or preteen rrb kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
it s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
s no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
rohmer s drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
exude an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
sayles has a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and it s a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
even if you ve seen  stomp  lrb the stage show rrb  you still have to see this .
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages  a trend long overdue .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages .
nicole holofcener s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
s lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format .
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
nair s cast is so large it s altmanesque  but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
mazel tov to a film about a family s joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan .
remarkable for its excellent storytelling  its economical  compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity  it s an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh s best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  ocean s eleven   never were .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
the new thriller proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
proves that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
graphic sex may be what s attracting audiences to unfaithful  but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
here is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
is a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca nt be dismissed as mindless .
an enthralling aesthetic experience  one that s steeped in mystery and a ravishing  baroque beauty .
know it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
everything is delivered with such conviction that it s hard not to be carried away .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining  selfaggrandizing  politically motivated documentarymaking  and he s got as potent a topic as ever here .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  it s the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
it s the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
s the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
the best sequel since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
the enjoyable undercover brother  a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild .
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer  and is never less than engaging .
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer  and is never less than engaging .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
salma goes native and she s never been better in this colorful biopic of a mexican icon .
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
in addition to hoffman s powerful acting clinic  this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
everyone s insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities   but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy .
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy  the movie  is  also  frequently hilarious .
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
canadian filmmaker gary burns  inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life s harshness .
s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter  was .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
first and foremost  the reason to go see  blue crush  is the phenomenal  waterborn cinematography by david hennings .
the reason to go see  blue crush  is the phenomenal  waterborn cinematography by david hennings .
with this masterful  flawless film  lrb wang rrb emerges in the front ranks of china s now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
flawless film  lrb wang rrb emerges in the front ranks of china s now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant  colorful world  it s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
it s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
s almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul  he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know there s something there .
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
it s that rare family movie  genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
s that rare family movie  genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski s the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
shows why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
even if you ve never heard of chaplin  you ll still be glued to the screen .
to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling lrb murder by numbers rrb  the movie is powerful and provocative .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we re touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the opera s drama and lyricism .
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the opera s drama and lyricism .
an animation landmark as monumental as disney s 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park s .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
a fanciful drama about napoleon s last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
proves once again he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
despite the predictable parent vs child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast  funny  and even touching story .
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
as the movie traces mr brown s athletic exploits  it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
maggie g makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
is fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago  has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject .
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave s career .
s an unusual  thoughtful biodrama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
it s a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt s cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
egoyan s work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view .
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
raimi and his team could nt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
could nt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody  and to belong to somebody .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
it s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
scherfig  the writerdirector  has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
a miraculous movie  i m going home is so slight  yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
takes care with the characters  who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
eileen walsh  an engaging  wideeyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth  infuses the movie with much of its slender  glinting charm .
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and .
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart .
on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
one of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
it s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
s a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
it s an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
it s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
barry convinces us he s a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
nair s attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life s messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
there s no way you wo nt be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
s no way you wo nt be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
see scratch for the music  see scratch for a lesson in scratching  but  most of all  see it for the passion .
mike white s deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make  the good girl  a film worth watching .
it s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
s the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
there s nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
s something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .
et works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie  it s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
a highly spirited  imaginative kid s movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because he s afraid of his bestknown creation .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
wo nt be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
an art form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand as life .
form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand as life .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that he s the best brush in the business .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images .
with  bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
a sexy  surprising romance  idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair  their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
manages  with terrific flair  to keep the extremes of screwball farce and bloodcurdling family intensity on one continuum .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nair s film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was  hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
directorwriter bille august  depicts this relationship with economical grace  letting his superb actors convey martin s deterioration and barbara s sadness  and  occasionally .
gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
besides its terrific performances  is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
the determination of pinochet s victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzman s camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
lrb has rrb an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it .
the leads are natural and lovely  the pace is serene  the humor wry and sprightly .
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year  it s also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year .
it s also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
s also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
neil burger here succeeded in  making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
berry s saucy  fullbodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
the story s scope and pageantry are mesmerizing  and mr daylewis roars with leonine power .
it s refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy  diesel  with his brawny frame and cool  composed delivery  fits the bill perfectly .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
it s a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
s a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
if it s unnerving suspense you re after  you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
you ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
vividly conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexico s most colorful and controversial artists .
it s a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
s a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen .
offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb  has succeeded beyond all expectation .
a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
to make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be  but it s still quite worth seeing .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
miyazaki s nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
a venturesome  beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its firsttime feature director s understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
visually breathtaking  viscerally exciting  and dramatically moving  it s the very definition of epic adventure .
is  very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
the cameopacked  m  i2spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us  a major director is emerging in world cinema .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the us .
only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
irwin is so earnest that it s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
the film s intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
lrb danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
could have turned this into an argentine retread of  iris  or  american beauty   but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
this is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
ong s promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrant s experiences in new york city .
enters a realm where few nonporn films venture  and comes across as darkly funny  energetic  and surprisingly gentle .
ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart .
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart .
but believe it or not  it s one of the most beautiful  evocative works i ve seen .
is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers do nt have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
martin scorcese s gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious  but restrained and subtle storytelling .
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
more intimate than spectacular  et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
et is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what s unique and quirky about canadians .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca nt fake .
a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
is an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal .
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
the byplay and bickering between the now spysavvy siblings  carmen lrb vega rrb and juni lrb sabara rrb cortez  anchor the film in a very real and amusing giveandtake .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
filled with alexandre desplat s haunting and sublime music  the movie completely transfixes the audience .
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
spectacular in every sense of the word  even if you don  t know an orc from a urukhai .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film  i m the one that i want  in 2000 .
the best comedy concert movie i ve seen since cho s previous concert comedy film .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved  this makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
this makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
it s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
s no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie  without neglecting character development for even one minute .
recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules verne s  20000 leagues under the sea  and the george pal version of hg wells   the time machine .
there s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
s so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
does nt have much panache  but with material this rich it does nt need it .
you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
this goes after one truth lrb the ford administration s complicity in tearing  orphans  from their mothers rrb and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
it s soulful and unslick  and that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
it s all stitched together with energy  intelligence and verve  enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
s all stitched together with energy  intelligence and verve  enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
yakusho  as always  is wonderful as the longfaced sad sack  and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
it s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
s a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
this enthralling documentary  is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
stands as one of the year s most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
an inventive  absorbing movie that s as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney s darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and .
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
impossible as it may sound  this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders .
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances .
enjoyably dumb  sweet  and intermittently hilarious  if you ve a taste for the quirky  steal a glimpse .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderbergh s solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
fits into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes  camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent  in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
are both excellent  in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
smart  funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
cast and well directed  a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
you find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
it has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
but mostly it s a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
mostly it s a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
it s a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away .
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and a wide supply .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue .
a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
but mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film s music than to the story line  what s best about drumline is its energy .
frailty  starts out like a typical bible killer story  but it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
it turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
turns out to be significantly different lrb and better rrb than most films with this theme .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films  that argue that any sexual relationship that does nt hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i .
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i .
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
it s a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
s a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
because despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
me without you has a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
has a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air .
it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material .
has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
mr caine and mr fraser are the whole show here  with their memorable and resourceful performances .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
this is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
it s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
s hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
if you re a fan of the series you ll love it and probably want to see it twice .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgrath s version of  nicholas nickleby  left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
together lrb time out and human resources rrb establish mr cantet as france s foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
lrb ferrera rrb has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
is worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
it s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
s immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
immensely ambitious  different than anything that s been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it s trying to do .
his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  they ll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people  relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
seen as speculative history  as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel .
indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable  warm water may well be the year s best and most unpredictable comedy .
by the time it s done with us  mira nair s new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery  of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
by the time it s done with us  mira nair s new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery .
maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirit that the theme does nt drag an audience down .
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
it s the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers do nt make often enough .
s the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers do nt make often enough .
creates a stunning  taxi driveresque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the importance of being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett s familiar quotations .
being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett s familiar quotations .
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples  and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world  offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie s political ramifications .
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world  offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie s political ramifications .
occurs about 7 times during windtalkers is a good indication of how seriousminded the film is .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms it s inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
do nt judge this one too soon  it s a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
less the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling lrb though no less horrifying for it rrb .
mark pellington s latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
claude chabrol s camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all it s a love story as sanguine as its title .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middleagers who stumble into a relationship and then .
lrb scherfig rrb has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters  lives after the clever credits roll .
all in all  it s a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
s a pretty good execution of a story that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
that s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
s a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greene s prose  and it s there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greene s prose  and .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greene s prose .
it shows us a slice of life that s very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
shows us a slice of life that s very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
us a slice of life that s very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
is an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner lrb and ultimately the victim rrb of history .
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle .
mr polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
s the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people .
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural  swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  sc  to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
lrb cho s face is rrb an amazing slapstick instrument  creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
cho s face is rrb an amazing slapstick instrument  creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
an homage to them  tarantula and other low  budget bmovie thrillers of the 1950s and 60s .
the movie is a silly lrb but not sophomoric rrb romp through horror and hellish conditions .
he s one of the few  cool  actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
s one of the few  cool  actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
in the director s cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
it s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
s the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
the filmmakers  postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
you bet there is and it s what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy  steven shainberg s adaptation of mary gaitskill s harrowing short story  is a brilliantly played  deeply unsettling experience .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting  but few will find the movie .
who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting  but few will find the movie .
gets the tone just right  funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
the one thing this wild film has that other imax films do nt  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house .
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
the doublecross that made mamet s  house of games  and last fall s  heist  so much fun .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo nt be disappointed .
smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
it serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
serves as a workable primer for the region s recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
though the film is wellintentioned  one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent lrb accurate .
a chronicle not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
chronicle not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
not only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
only of one man s quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaign s end  an extended publicity department .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had  godfrey reggio s career shines like a lonely beacon .
robert harmon s lessismore approach delivers real bumpin  thenight chills  his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film s thick shadows .
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film s thick shadows .
s the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
shorter than the first lrb as best i remember rrb  but still a very good time at the cinema .
it s more enjoyable than i expected  though  and that s because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
but a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale  but .
some of the computer animation is handsome  and various amusing sidekicks add muchneeded levity to the otherwise bleak tale .
now as a former gong show addict  i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
i ll admit it  my only complaint is that we did nt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre .
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
screenwriter chris ver weil s directing debut is goodnatured and never dull  but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
a convincing case that one woman s broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness .
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable  the director s experiment is a successful one .
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
but though he only scratches the surface  at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
though he only scratches the surface  at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters  striving solipsism .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities  certainly raises the film above anything sandler s been attached to before .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less  thanlikely new york celebrities .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less .
it s hard to believe that a relationship like holly and marina s could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom .
the hours does nt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
does nt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
the script s snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but .
the script s snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis .
though it goes further than both  anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here  but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
an ambitious movie that  like shiner s organizing of the big fight  pulls off enough .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of  memento  with the hallucinatory drug culture of  requiem for a dream .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that s neither original nor terribly funny .
feardotcom  has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel .
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies .
of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies .
much credit must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
there s nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
despite its flaws  belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
plays up the cartoon s more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie s final half hour  i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
i m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
m going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal .
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
though writerdirector bart freundlich s film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parentchild relationship  it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup s anchoring performance .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic  and .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy .
sweet home alabama is nt going to win any academy awards  but this datenight diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the auteur s ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
that begins as a seven ripoff  only to switch to a mix of the shining  the thing  and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
definitely funny stuff  but it s more of the  laughing at  variety than the  laughing with .
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
of suspense  intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies  plus a heavy dose of fatherandson dynamics .
it s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
s both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
if the essence of magic is its makebelieve promise of life that soars above the material realm .
it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness .
reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled .
of what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
what is really an amusing concept  a hightech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it s a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist lrb not to mention gently political rrb meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the .
it s a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
rrb matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though it s one of the most plain white toast comic book films .
in between the icy stunts  the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and  just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
combines improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end  we are undeniably touched .
improbable melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end .
melodrama lrb gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas rrb with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements .
this is one of mr chabrol s subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude  this fastpaced and this insane .
aims to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
to present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
present an unflinching look at one man s downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thoughtprovoking as it .
somewhere in the middle  the film compels  as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure .
would count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
count for very little if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
if the movie were nt as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
a thriller whose style  structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story  you can not separate them .
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
with a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
a fine character study that s short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
welles groupiescholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it  but he s finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
because of the universal themes  earnest performances  and excellent use of music by india s popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
this is nt a stand up and cheer flick  it s a sit down and ponder affair .
and there s an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greene s story ends .
if you re content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life  eisenstein delivers .
re content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director s life .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
about babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
babak payami s boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot  a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
it s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrook s foundation and dalrymple s film earn their uplift .
s easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs .
easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs .
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
s as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
stay on the light  comic side of the issue  despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and  potentially  of life itself .
is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss  provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
exploits lrb headbanger rrb stereotypes in good fun  while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
from the opening strains of the average white band s  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive lrb if tragic rrb note .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but it feels like unrealized potential .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek lrb as well as a serious debt to the road warrior rrb  but .
the filmmakers  eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls  environment .
it wraps up a classic motherdaughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
while the audience can tell it s not all new  at least it looks pretty .
benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
which  while it may not rival the filmmaker s period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still .
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
s a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
a glorious spectacle like those dw griffith made in the early days of silent film .
made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust .
it takes you somewhere you re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
re not likely to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
to have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
have seen before  but beneath the exotic surface lrb and exotic dancing rrb it s surprisingly oldfashioned .
woven together handsomely  recalling sixties  rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do nt look back .
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
the film is  determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators  scratch is great fun  full of the kind of energy it s documenting .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators .
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators .
producer john penotti surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
surveyed high school students  and came back with the astonishing revelation that  they wanted to see something that did nt talk down to them .
is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but .
makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
as the writerdirector of this little  18 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking .
not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
if you ve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart .
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the alltoofamiliar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts  holofcener s film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
holofcener s film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded  and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral  and  hence  more chillingly effective .
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
fessenden s narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
it s a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca nt possibly be enough .
i ll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light .
feeling to it  but like the 1920 s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical  bedknobs and broomsticks   which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
if lrb jaglom s rrb latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
freundlich s world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
the tale of her passionate  tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand s masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopez s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopez s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm .
the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopez s most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm .
i d be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
d be lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
lying if i said my ribcage did nt ache by the end of kung pow .
i liked the movie  but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
lrb allen s rrb best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middleamerica diversions could ever be .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 s  one imagines the result would look like something like this .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices  you might want to check it out .
you are curious to see the darker side of what s going on with young tv actors lrb dawson leery did what  rrb  or see some interesting storytelling devices .
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman s yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
you need nt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes  work .
need nt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes  work .
an action cartoon that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
that s suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
that has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
has something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
something a little more special behind it  music that did nt sell many records but helped change a nation .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and .
from blushing to gushing  imamura squirts the screen in  warm water under a red bridge .
the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar .
unlike most surf movies  blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
waiting for godard can be fruitful   in praise of love  is the director s epitaph for himself .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
duvall lrb also a producer rrb peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life s endgame .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with life .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones  guns  and the internal combustion engine .
set in a remote african empire before cell phones  guns  and the internal combustion engine .
cuts against this natural grain  producing a work that s more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but it s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
s encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged woman s experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
think you ve figured out bielinsky s great game  that s when you re in the most trouble .
swimming is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
is above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
above all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
all about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
about a young woman s face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman s doubts and yearnings .
s packed to bursting with incident  and with scores of characters  some fictional  some from history .
to those who have not read the book  the film is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summer s  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but that s not saying much .
this slight premise  works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
it s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
s a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and it s really well directed .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film .
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american rightwing extremists .
starproducer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character s paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
pulls the rug out from under you  just when you re ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character .
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design  leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italianlanguage soundtrack .
the creative animation work may not look as fully  rendered  as pixar s industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
s an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters  including the supporting ones .
s an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
an actor s showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters .
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
the director  tom dey  had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours lrb and  for that matter  shrek rrb .
it s good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
a really cool bit  the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
the movie s conception of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
of a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
a futureworld holographic librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
librarian lrb orlando jones rrb who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile .
lrb stephen rrb earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
earnhart s film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones .
lrb i rrb t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context .
t s certainly laudable that the movie deals with hotbutton issues in a comedic context .
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan  the adventure is on red alert .
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
they presume their audience wo nt sit still for a sociology lesson  however entertainingly presented  so .
manages to nail the spiritcrushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother s hold over her .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother .
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative  jacquot preserves tosca s intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does nt always jell with sean penn s monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but .
although commentary on nachtwey is provided  it s the image that really tells the tale .
instead  she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
belongs to the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
in the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
the way that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
that makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
makes you ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
ache with sadness lrb the way chekhov is funny rrb  profound without ever being selfimportant .
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived .
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence  of good guys and bad  and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
moonlight mile does nt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if it s filmed tosca that you want .
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material  but .
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock s thrillers  most of the scary parts in  signs  occur while waiting for things to happen .
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times .
i like that smith  he s not making fun of these people  he s not laughing at them .
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon  but showtime s uninspired sendup of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon .
it throws quirky characters  odd situations  and offkilter dialogue at us  all as if to say   look at this .
from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the twodrinkminimum crowd .
it s still a comic book  but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports  this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution .
if you have nt seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg s work .
it s far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
is that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
that rob schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
lrb frames rrb profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
i do nt know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but .
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching lrb or turntablism rrb in particular .
other than the slightly flawed lrb and fairly unbelievable rrb finale  everything else is top shelf .
and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers .
lrb it s rrb a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
with notorious cho cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
one surefire way to get a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
a nomination for a bestforeignfilm oscar  make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging  lifeaffirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the maker s minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls .
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
about the startling transformation of a traditionbound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg  michael j wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
like many western action films  this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing  but its heartfelt concern about north korea s recent past and south korea s future adds a much needed moral weight .
its heartfelt concern about north korea s recent past and south korea s future adds a much needed moral weight .
it s got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
george ratliff s documentary  hell house  reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film .
the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating character s story .
with three excellent principal singers  a youthful and goodlooking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations .
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself   ah  yes .
to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
to the bravery and dedication of the world s reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us .
the film is saved from are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
are nt  kidscute sentimentality by a warmth that is nt faked and a stately sense of composition .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves it s never too late to learn .
the story  like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
like ravel s bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and .
second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies .
i do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
do nt feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if it s a dish that s best served cold .
everybody loves a david and goliath story  and this one is told almost entirely from david s point of view .
has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care  but .
has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care .
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined gradegrubbers to shame .
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonna s cameo does nt suck .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorsese s 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
the tasteful little revision works wonders  enhancing the cultural and economic subtext  bringing richer meaning to the story s morals .
drumline is  the mere suggestion  albeit a visually compelling one  of a fully realized story .
moving in many directions as it searches lrb vainly  i think rrb for something fresh to say .
some may choose to interpret the film s end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens  especially the a  holes .
an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens  especially the a  holes .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
though it s told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original  but it does nt disgrace it  either .
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante s similarly styled gremlins .
while the humor aspects of  jason x  were far more entertaining than i had expected .
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a blackowned record label with a whiteempowered police force .
stevens  vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way .
last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and .
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field .
that  alabama  manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
to the perkiness of witherspoon lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
lrb who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate rrb .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but it s certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
you would nt want to live waydowntown  but it is a hilarious place to visit .
those who do nt entirely  get  godard s distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
comedy that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
which will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
will please eastwood s loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
it s fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
fairly solid  not to mention well edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
edited so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
so that it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
it certainly does nt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional  even predictable remake  nolan s penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends lrb it rrb stimulating depth .
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war s madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life .
while i ca nt say it s on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
and he allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
he allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film .
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity .
a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and  often misconstrued as weakness .
garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and .
it never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
never quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
quite makes it to the boiling point  but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
like kissing jessica stein  amy s orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script s bad ideas and awkwardness .
a funny and wellcontructed black comedy where the old adage  be careful what you wish for .
moulds itself as an example to upandcoming documentarians  of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film s short 90 minutes .
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller  until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller  until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman s grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant .
of sense of humor that derives from a workman s grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant .
is the vertical limit of surfing movies  memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death .
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fastpaced contemporary society .
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie  and moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but .
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
turns out to be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
be lrb assayas  rrb homage to the gallic  tradition of quality   in all its fusty squareness .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
are worth the price of admission  if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world we d live in if argento s hollywood counterparts  had this much imagination and nerve .
what a world we d live in if argento s hollywood counterparts  had this much imagination and nerve .
we d live in if argento s hollywood counterparts  had this much imagination and nerve .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but ultimately you ll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
lush and beautifully photographed lrb somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book rrb  but .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl .
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys .
is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
yet in its own aloof  unreachable way it s so fascinating you wo nt be able to look away for a second .
a cleareyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
s quinn lrb is rrb a leather clad grungepirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a windtunnel and a simply astounding corblimeyluvaduck cockney accent .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standup s i m the one that i want .
went back to newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
to newcastle  the first half of gangster no 1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
i suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
suppose it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
it s lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his pictureperfect life .
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you .
it s good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
it s not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor  but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
is born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
born out of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
of an engaging storyline  which also is nt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated lrb depending upon where you live rrb  ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you ve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
chouraqui brings documentarylike credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of  ethnic cleansing .
as david letterman and the onion have proven  the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor .
for all the dolorous trim  secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers  sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen s astringent wit .
the roundelay of partners functions  and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gatorbashing are consistently delightful .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
is either a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity that that implies .
a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity .
as an introduction to the man s theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  it s invaluable .
while there are times when the film s reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it does nt .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing  but she and writing partner laurence coriat do nt manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy  seductive pacing  but .
s as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely .
it may not be particularly innovative  but the film s crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
lrb shyamalan rrb turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
i know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
know that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
that i ll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
writer  director m night shyamalan s ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
writer  director m night shyamalan s ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity .
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings  to me .
have been benefited from a sharper  cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
if you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then you re at the right film .
if you re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
re as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you .
is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and .
with exquisite craftsmanship  olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
has too many spots where it s on slippery footing  but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that s especially fit for the kiddies .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man .
is a wonderful thing  that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
meticulously mounted  exasperatingly wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
mounted  exasperatingly wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
wellbehaved film  which ticks off kahlo s lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
that it ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
ll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
leigh is nt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
the rich performances by friel  and especially williams  an american actress who becomes fully english .
take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy does nt wrap the proceedings up neatly .
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new director s cut .
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
the silly spy vs spy film the sum of all fears  starring ben affleck  seem downright hitchcockian .
arrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
filling nearly every minute  with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
with a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankind s liberating ability .
with a large cast representing a broad crosssection  tavernier s film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
the bourne identity should nt be half as entertaining as it is  but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
lrb gulpilil rrb is a commanding screen presence  and his character s abundant humanism makes him the film s moral compass .
there s enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it s a heck of a ride .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and .
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
that calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
calvin jr s barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago s south side .
they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
as literary desecrations go  this makes for perfectly acceptable  occasionally very enjoyable children s entertainment .
makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters  suffering .
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters  suffering .
it s nice to see piscopo again after all these years  and chaykin and headly are priceless .
the film succeeds with its dark  delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
succeeds with its dark  delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
what s not to like about a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
s not to like about a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
not to like about a movie with a  children s  song that includes the line  my stepdad s not mean  he s just adjusting .
examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movie s darker turns .
delivers what it promises  a look at the  wild ride  that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
a look at the  wild ride  that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
cuteness  amy s career success lrb she s a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who ca nt help herself rrb  and .
cuteness  amy s career success lrb she s a bestselling writer of selfhelp books who ca nt help herself rrb .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
a freaky bit of art that s there to scare while we delight in the images .
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
stuffed to the brim with ideas  american instigator michael moore s film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
boasts some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
some of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
of today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
today s hottest and hippest acts from the world of television  music and standup comedy .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
if you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
you re looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus .
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work  but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness  making them meaningful for both kids and churchwary adults .
mostly  lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
lrb goldbacher rrb just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
it s rare to find a film to which the adjective  gentle  applies  but the word perfectly describes pauline  paulette .
lrb city rrb reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of  analyze this  lrb 1999 rrb and  analyze that   promised lrb or threatened rrb for later this year .
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed  the french lieutenant s woman .
comes not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and .
might survive a screening with little harm done  except maybe for the last 15 minutes  which are as maudlin as any afterschool special you can imagine .
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
usurp the preaching message so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
hatosy  portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
could have been crisper and punchier  but it s likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works  but coppola  along with his sister  sofia  is a real filmmaker .
meyjes  has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
a drawling  slobbering  lovable runon sentence of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
it a passable family film that wo nt win many fans over the age of 12 .
the film sometimes flags  but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
creates a visceral sense of its characters  lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above  what could have been a melodramatic  lifetime channelstyle anthology .
a visceral sense of its characters  lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above  what could have been a melodramatic  lifetime channelstyle anthology .
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers .
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
jiang wen s devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances  but the result is disappointing .
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances  but .
a creepy  intermittently powerful study of a selfdestructive man  about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting is nt  either  and you would nt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
via kirsten dunst s remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
i m all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness  it is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
it is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
is also elevated by it  the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
that you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
you enjoy more because you re one of the lucky few who sought it out .
reassess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
if a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances  does nt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
a big musical number like  praise the lord  he s the god of second chances .
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
there s a neat twist  subtly rendered  that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes  but .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do nt have  and how this gets us in trouble .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end .
now here s a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud .
coming  as before  from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
on the surface a silly comedy  scotland  pa would be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
scotland  pa would be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
would be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
be forgettable if it were nt such a clever adaptation of the bard s tragic play .
fans of critics  darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
in a story that  though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
to be universal in its themes of loyalty  courage and dedication to a common goal  never .
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
is fascinating  though  even if the movie itself does nt stand a ghost of a chance .
starts slowly  but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film s conclusion powerful and satisfying .
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
gaunt  silverhaired and leonine  lrb harris rrb brings a tragic dimension and savage fullbodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
when it s not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears she ll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
there s just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson s far side humor .
under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director s previous popcorn work .
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
will revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark s dogma movement .
revel in those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein s bluff personal style .
those visual injokes  as in the film s verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief .
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films .
the dramatic crisis does nt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but huppert s volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man .
ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour .
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
witherspoon puts to rest her valleygirl image  but it s dench who really steals the show .
even if the ring has a familiar ring  it s still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye .
reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager s uncomfortable class resentment and  in turn  his selfinflicted retaliation .
bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
there s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
s some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life .
lrb there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
there s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
s rrb quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
it ai nt art  by a long shot  but unlike last year s lame musketeer  this dumas adaptation entertains .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  it s impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
lrb the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
the film rrb tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end .
although olivier assayas  elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation  its threehour running time plays closer to two .
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
it s a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it is nt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film .
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
bertrand tavernier s oftbrilliant safe conduct lrb  laissezpasser  rrb wears its heart on its sleeve .
as relationships shift  director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
director robert j siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
yet there s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
there s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
s no denying the potency of miller s strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers  but if you go in knowing that  you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
as if it were an extended short  albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
based on dave barry s popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters  moves and overlapping story .
the origin story is well told  and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
is the best description of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
of this wellmeaning  beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a highpowered star pedigree .
the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive  yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive  lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film s problems .
miller  kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate  intimate and intelligent journey .
lrb shyamalan rrb continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
jacquot s strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances  while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs lrb including a knockout of a closing line rrb .
a tone of rueful compassion  reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and .
the good is very  very good  the rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
s the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly .
get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son s home after decades away .
lrb gayton s script rrb telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
no  it s not as singleminded as john carpenter s original  but it s sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
if you re paying attention  the  big twists  are pretty easy to guess  but that does nt make the movie any less entertaining .
what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology .
brosnan is more feral in this film than i ve seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
director carl franklin  so crisp and economical in one false move  bogs down in genre cliches here .
is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
there s a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
it s an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems .
cho s latest comic set is nt as sharp or as fresh as i m the one that i want  but it s still damn funny stuff .
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and sarandon  who could nt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the character s lines would suggest  and .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of  home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences  and .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences .
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because lrb the leads rrb are such a companionable couple .
is an actress works as well as it does because lrb the leads rrb are such a companionable couple .
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents  anguish .
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
sure  it s contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
that the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
the film comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
comes off winningly  even though it s never as solid as you want it to be .
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv .
the rerelease of ron howard s apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really  really  really good things can come in enormous packages .
short and sweet  but also more than anything else slight  tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived  too much to do  too little time to do it in .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here .
if you can push on through the slow spots  you ll be rewarded with some fine acting .
but tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
has always been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
been part of for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parker s creative interference .
for the most part wilde s droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but against all odds  nothing does .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but .
creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
of style  text  and subtext that s so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance .
filmmakers dana janklowiczmann and amir mann area headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world s democracie .
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a .
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
let s issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
issue a moratorium  effective immediately  on treacly films about inspirational prepschool professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
pull lrb s rrb off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era  but also the feel .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure  a stalker thriller  and a condensed season of tv s big brother .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and exceptionally wellacted .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but .
as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels .
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield s interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept lrb aliens come to earth rrb and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept lrb aliens come to earth rrb and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
what s surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
to the courage of new york s finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief .
she is a lioness  protecting her cub  and he a reluctant villain  incapable of controlling his crew .
it s a film that s destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
not far down the line  to find a place among the studio s animated classics .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
lrb their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered rrb  there s something vital about the movie .
are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies  daydreams  memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series  fans will undoubtedly enjoy it  and the uncommitted need nt waste their time on it .
looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
originality ai nt on the menu  but there s never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
who needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
see this  the final part of the  qatsi  trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film does nt ignore the more problematic aspects of brown s life .
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos  but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite .
however stale the material  lawrence s delivery remains perfect  his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this wornout  pandering palaver is actually funny .
all right  so it s not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
it is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
is a funny lrb sometimes hilarious rrb comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
would nt be too crazy with his greatgrandson s movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film s action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
it s up to lrb watts rrb to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
it s up to lrb watts rrb to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and .
somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
this humbling little film  fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie  is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
this humbling little film  fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie .
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that  they do nt make movies like they used to anymore .
home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
lrb while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
while the last metro rrb was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
to create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
create a film that s not merely about kicking undead   but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
moretti  is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
is the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
the rare commonman artist who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
who s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
s wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile .
are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and .
than recommended  as visually bland as a dentist s waiting room  complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes  wendigo  larry fessenden s spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches  gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema world s great visual stylists  and .
haynes lrb like sirk  but differently rrb has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
moving portrait of an american lrb and an america rrb always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intacto s  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
if you think it s a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman s clothes  then you ll enjoy the hot chick .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio  nor does it offer much in the way of barris  motivations  but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
acted and directed  it s clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him .
what lrb denis rrb accomplishes in his chilling  unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
certainly the big finish was nt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for  but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
there s a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast there s no time to think about them anyway .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
of human experience  drama  conflict  tears and surprise  that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
allegiance to chekhov  which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard .
as famous prima donna floria tosca  roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi  and ruggero as the villainous  lecherous police chief scarpia .
it s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
s a boring movie about a boring man  made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
provides a grim  upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 12 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .
you d have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
the entire movie has a truncated feeling  but what s available is lovely and lovable .
it might be  easier  to watch on video at home  but that should nt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
that should nt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
the 3d vistas from orbit  with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe .
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
is rrb one of the few reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
reasons to watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
watch the film  which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and feverpitched melodrama .
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
is our story as much as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
as it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
it is schmidt s  no matter if it s viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances  keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
gooding is the energetic frontman  and it s hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
it s hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning .
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas  which never reach satisfying conclusions .
lrb fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall rrb show us the world they love and make .
have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one .
makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
while the transgressive trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
trappings lrb especially the frank sex scenes rrb ensure that the film is never dull .
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
in auteil s less dramatic but equally incisive performance  he s a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry  but .
the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry .
a rather simplistic one  grief drives her  love drives him  and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place .
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
the hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like you ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like you ve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls .
with a smile that says   if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
if i stay positive  maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures  drunken master .
eyre  a native american raised by white parents  manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
trapped wo nt score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
lrb  safe conduct  rrb is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage .
for all its problems  the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring  which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
clint eastwood s blood work is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
is a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
a lot like a wellmade pb  j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms ambrose .
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
this material could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
could work  especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent .
a bold lrb and lovely rrb experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof  theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
is rather the way it introduces you to new  fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
predictable and cloying  though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their  off for an hourandahalf .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is nt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
loneliness and is nt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of  it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
this is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
is a picture that maik  the firebrand turned savvy ad man  would be envious of .
the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate s reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
lee s achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you had nt seen .
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual .
it s light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness  and there are moments of jawdroppingly odd behavior  yet i found it weirdly appealing .
that would make this a moving experience for people who have nt read the book .
making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
it s rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline .
are all in the performances  from foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
foreman s barkingmad taylor to thewlis s smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowell s hardeyed gangster .
keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors .
warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film .
shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick .
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
a column of words can not adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jackson s expanded vision of jrr tolkien s middleearth .
and at times  all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch  the tale commands attention .
is an exercise in chilling style  and twohy films the sub  inside and out  with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss  rejection by one s mother .
m happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
he does nt unveil it until the end  after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
is much more pc than the original version lrb no more racist portraits of indians  for instance rrb .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times  it s awfully entertaining to watch .
despite the surface attractions  conrad l hall s cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  there s something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
conrad l hall s cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year  there s something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you ve actually spent time living in another community .
has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story .
a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and .
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
this amiable picture talks tough  but it s all bluster  in the end it s as sweet as greenfingers .
the film occasionally tries the viewer s patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew .
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that  the urge to destroy is also a creative urge   or more willing to see with their own eyes  will find morrison s iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that  the urge to destroy is also a creative urge .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper .
the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
in death to smoochy  we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
we do nt get williams  usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet it s potentially just as rewarding .
a mature  deeply felt fantasy of a director s travel through 300 years of russian history .
in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
as each of them searches for their place in the world  miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking  flawed humanity .
lovely and amazing is holofcener s deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is .
it s usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them  but olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
olympia  wash  based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it s what makes their project so interesting .
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
it s a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
s a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
that by movie s end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
despite besson s highprofile name being wasabi s big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film s thoroughly winning tone .
it s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
s  worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles .
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is  it could be a lot better if it were  well  more adventurous .
despite downplaying her good looks  carries a little too much ai nt  shecute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to  but its energy ca nt compare to the wit  humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that does nt reveal even a hint of artifice .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
it s an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but it s worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course  director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics  delivering a series of abrasive  stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer s memory .
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics  delivering a series of abrasive  stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer s memory .
delivering a series of abrasive  stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer s memory .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that s simultaneously painful and refreshing .
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
that hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
hitchens  obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower child s desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
juliette binoche s sand is vivacious  but it s hard to sense that powerhouse of 19thcentury prose behind her childlike smile .
a thunderous ride at first  quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between .
awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise  and .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise .
make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that s at the center of the story .
are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of  emotional recovery .
the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of  emotional recovery .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall s intense freight train of a film .
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard s immortal plays were written by somebody else .
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time  and .
by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either does nt notice when his story ends or just ca nt tear himself away from the characters  but it s smooth and professional .
aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
in the film s drumbeat about authenticity  given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments  clothes and parties .
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he s understated and sardonic  she s appealingly manic and energetic .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedar s time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation  it does so without compromising that complexity .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedar s time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedar s time .
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation .
as much as i laughed throughout the movie  i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment  or even performance art  although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys  superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story  and .
what s surprising about this traditional thriller  moderately successful but not completely satisfying  is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world  but .
it s fun  wispy  wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
this 90minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thoughtprovoking than i d expected it to be .
it s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
s a testament to the film s considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
what sets ms birot s film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
drawing wrenching performances from his actors lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
lrb improvised over many months rrb and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
nonjudgmentally as wiseman s previous studies of innercity high schools  hospitals  courts and welfare centers .
lrb kline s rrb utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code  and .
utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code .
to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
lrb f rrb rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
lrb f rrb rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative .
it s the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie s sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick  although the more lasciviousminded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a  topless tutorial service .
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 911 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
another love story in 2002 s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
do nt even care that there s no plot in this antonio banderaslucy liu faceoff .
love moore or loathe him  you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
you ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
ve got to admire  the intensity with which he s willing to express his convictions .
i m sure mainstream audiences will be baffled  but  for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community .
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale s tale .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but it s pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
one of lrb jaglom s rrb better efforts  a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
lrb reno rrb delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
when you ve got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation  it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
really sets the film apart is debrauwer s refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
it treats ana s journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
merges bits and pieces from fighting games  wire fu  horror movies  mystery  james bond  wrestling  scifi and anime into one big bloody stew .
from fighting games  wire fu  horror movies  mystery  james bond  wrestling  scifi and anime into one big bloody stew .
fighting games  wire fu  horror movies  mystery  james bond  wrestling  scifi and anime into one big bloody stew .
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
seems interested in kicking around a raison detre that s as freshfaced as its youngguns cast .
for words  for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
what s most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedydrama and its relaxed  naturalseeming actors .
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen  even though i could not stand them .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas  wounded and wounding uncle ralph .
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
it s a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america s winter movie screens it s a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
was impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
s some fine sex onscreen  and some tense arguing  but not a whole lot more .
kosminsky  puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
may take its sweet time to get wherever it s going  but if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
if you have the patience for it  you wo nt feel like it s wasted yours .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural  why did nt hollywood think of this sooner .
has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman s approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  it s a work of enthralling drama .
rose s film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
it s a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
s a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say it s unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
not the great american comedy  but if you liked the previous movies in the series  you ll have a good time with this one too .
but if you liked the previous movies in the series  you ll have a good time with this one too .
if you liked the previous movies in the series  you ll have a good time with this one too .
could nt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
it is interesting to see where one s imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey  featuring a pathetic  endearing hero who is all too human .
you ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
ve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the funloving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative  handbagclutching sarandon .
with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens  wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the hero s odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
has deftly trimmed dickens  wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the hero s odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
trimmed dickens  wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the hero s odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
it s enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
s enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and .
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops .
directors john musker and ron clements  the team behind the little mermaid  have produced sparkling retina candy .
after an uncertain start  murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock s memorable first interrogation of gosling .
murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock s memorable first interrogation of gosling .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock s memorable first interrogation of gosling .
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director  one would hope for the best .
if this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy .
this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy .
despite the film s bizarre developments  hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character s gripping humanity .
it s bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
manages the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
the dubious feat of turning one man s triumph of will into everyman s romance comedy .
based on three short films and two features  here s betting her third feature will be something to behold .
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you d expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer s bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
the rock is destined to be the 21st century s new  conan  and that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
that he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
he s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
s going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
the picture s fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
to the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
the filmmaker s extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
senegalese updating of  carmen  which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai .
it s a long way from orwell s dark  intelligent warning cry lrb 1984 rrb to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium  and what once was conviction is now affectation .
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills .
the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
try as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson  this movie will worm its way there .
try as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
as you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
you might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
might to resist  if you ve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson .
that at its best does nt just make the most out of its characters  flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape  a james bond series for kids .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape  a james bond series for kids .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
there s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
s some outrageously creative action in the transporter  lrb b rrb ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck .
s the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca nt take it any more .
if sm seems like a strange route to true love  maybe it is  but it s to this film s lrb and its makers  rrb credit that we believe that that s exactly what these two people need to find each other  and themselves .
s to this film s lrb and its makers  rrb credit that we believe that that s exactly what these two people need to find each other  and themselves .
that we believe that that s exactly what these two people need to find each other .
however  is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
is the edge of wild  lunatic invention that we associate with cage s best acting .
putting together familiar themes of family  forgiveness and love in a new way  lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
seems as funny as it did in analyze this  not even joe viterelli as de niro s righthand goombah .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it s hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or perhaps it s just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it s hard not to be a sucker for its charms  or .
is only intermittently entertaining but it s hard not to be a sucker for its charms .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we ve long associated with washington the actor .
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we ve long associated with washington the actor .
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we ve long associated with washington .
dog soldiers does nt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting  chops  and they take full advantage .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments  but it s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
it s such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
such a warm and charming package that you ll feel too happy to argue much .
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
apart is the vision that taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
taymor  the avant garde director of broadway s the lion king and the film titus  brings .
perfect family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
family film to take everyone to since there s no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year .
while bollywoodhollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals  it also has plenty for those lrb like me rrb who are nt .
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
turns his character into what is basically an antiharry potter  right down to the gryffindor scarf .
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity .
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group  and never fails to entertain .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedman s similarly updated 1970 british production .
that explores the monster s psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
has generic virtues  and despite a lot of involved talent  seems done by the numbers .
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
lrb rises rrb above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and .
lrb hayek rrb throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending  but .
there s an admirable rigor to jimmy s relentless anger  and to the script s refusal of a happy ending .
the irony is that this film s cast is uniformly superb  their performances could have  should have  been allowed to stand on their own .
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 s surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
it s not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  i d say the film works .
so genial is the conceit  this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout  dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
watching seinfeld lrb who is also one of the film s producers rrb do everything he can to look like a good guy .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories .
with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film s length becomes a part of its fun .
as part of mr dong s continuing exploration of homosexuality in america  family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student s selfesteem .
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as  a perfect family film   because it s about family .
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it s more than a worthwhile effort .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches .
if you like blood  guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though  you will likely enjoy this monster .
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though  you will likely enjoy this monster .
there s much tongue in cheek in the film and there s no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
is serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
serry s ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
it s a setup so easy it borders on facile  but keeping the film from cheapshot mediocrity is its crack cast .
a hard look at one man s occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance  indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church  synagogue or temple does nt mean you have to check your brain at the door .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast  it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
it s better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
mandel holland s direction is uninspired  and his scripting unsurprising  but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning .
it s full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
k19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories  but .
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle  and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
it may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
may  work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
crudup s screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
holds interest in the midst of a mushy  existential exploration of why men leave their families .
by the end of the movie  you re definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers .
faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers .
it s hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles  but notorious cho still feels like a promising workinprogress .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate they re forced to follow .
in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that do nt really care for the candidate .
hugh grant s act is so consuming that sometimes it s difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
be called a solid success  although there s plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
is good news to anyone who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
who s fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique director s previous films .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
so recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
recognizable and true that  as in real life  we re never sure how things will work out .
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
while broomfield s film does nt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
glover  the irrepressible eccentric of river s edge  dead man and back to the future .
give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
nohe s documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
he is nt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
there s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
s something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be  the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
the cartoons look almost shakespearean  both in depth and breadth  after watching this digitaleffectsheavy  supposed familyfriendly comedy .
savvy director robert j siegel and his cowriters keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions  and he allows nothing to get in the way .
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions .
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
the series  message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent  as do the girls  amusing personalities .
of pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
ca nt quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
negotiate the many inconsistencies in janice s behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him  there is never really a true  us  versus  them .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him .
there s real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
captures the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
the moment when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
when a woman s life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
are nt too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming lrb without a thick shmear of the goo  at least rrb .
deliberately and devotedly constructed  far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect  too neat and new pinlike  too obviously a recreation to resonate .
lrb jeff s rrb gorgeous  fluid compositions  underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams s melancholy music  are charged with metaphor  but rarely easy  obvious or selfindulgent .
whereas oliver stone s conspiracy thriller jfk was long  intricate  starstudded and visually flashy  interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that it s also one of the smartest .
standing by yourself is haunting  lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
is haunting  lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
lrb it s rrb what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
the film s messages of tolerance and diversity are nt particularly original  but one ca nt help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard  and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their culture s manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source s complexity .
a lot of the credit for the film s winning tone must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
must go to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
to grant  who has nt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in morton s everwatchful gaze .
does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
you ve already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles  but it s worth yet another visit .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast  have made the old boy s characters more quickwitted than any english lit .
parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast  have made the old boy s characters more quickwitted than any english lit .
parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melville s plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast .
the result puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could nt care less .
the bodily function jokes are about what you d expect  but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions  but .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new ageinspired good intentions .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life  but .
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen  just for them .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
despite a quieter middle section  involving aragorn s dreams of arwen  this is even better than the fellowship .
its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
does nt exactly reveal what makes vincent tick  but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
what makes vincent tick  but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
high drama  disneystyle  a wing and a prayer and a hunky hasbeen pursuing his castle in the sky .
works because we re never sure if ohlinger s on the level or merely a dying  delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
i ve yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now we ve got something pretty damn close .
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they ll wind up together .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
will be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
be pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
pleased to discover that tian s meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
the idea of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
of making kahlo s art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work .
beautiful  angry and sad  with a curious sick poetry  as if the marquis de sade .
is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is .
human nature is a goofball movie  in the way that malkovich was  but it tries too hard .
it s rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son s room .
the movie s seams may show  but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
stale first act  scrooge story  blatant product placement  some very good comedic songs  strong finish .
confessions is nt always coherent  but it s sharply comic and surprisingly touching  so hold the gong .
possession   based on the book by as byatt  demands that labute deal with the subject of love headon  trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit .
terrific as nadia  a russian mailorder bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english  it s kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
waydowntown may not be an important movie  or even a good one  but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway .
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do nt care about being stupid .
the courage to go over the top and movies that do nt care about being stupid .
it gives devastating testimony to both people s capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then .
sometimes charming  sometimes infuriating  this argentinean  dramedy  succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
i ll put it this way  if you re in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was nt .
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
does  lilo  stitch  reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
the emotion or timelessness of disney s great past  or even that of more recent successes such as  mulan  or  tarzan .
enigma  is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of  we were soldiers .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese  cultural revolution .
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese .
that it s almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
it s almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
s almost worth seeing  if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
has the glorious  gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days  featuring all manner of drag queen  bearded lady and lactating hippie .
the glorious  gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days  featuring all manner of drag queen  bearded lady and lactating hippie .
lrb russell rrb makes good b movies lrb the mask  the blob rrb  and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop  and .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop .
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop .
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias  especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
a tightly directed  highly professional film that s oldfashioned in all the best possible ways .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark  but that does nt mean you wo nt like looking at it .
of what was created for the nonfan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
while scorsese s bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic .
bestowed star hoffman s brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 s sundance festival .
uses grant s own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
spielberg s picture is smarter and subtler than lrb total recall and blade runner rrb  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
is smarter and subtler than lrb total recall and blade runner rrb  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding  with better characters  some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding  with better characters  some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
diaz  applegate  blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert  if not amused .
it all plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
all plays out  like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder bueller s time out .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  it s a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
like a child with an important message to tell  lrb skins  rrb faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it s like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
as the princess  sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations  the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
manages a neat trick  bundling the flowers of perversity  comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
bundling the flowers of perversity  comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that s hard to resist .
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that s hard to resist .
is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization  marred only by an inexplicable  utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
playfully profound  and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
playfully profound  and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery .
lrb gosling s rrb combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex  unpredictable character .
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
as exmarine walter  who may or may not have shot kennedy  actor raymond j barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman s tragic odyssey .
the ending does nt work  but most of the movie works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right  and then step wrong .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right  and then step wrong .
works so well i m almost recommending it  anyway  maybe not to everybody  but certainly to people with a curiosity about .
there are nt many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs the big guys .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh s book trainspotting .
ms ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh s book trainspotting .
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble  teach and ultimately redeem their mentally  superior  friends  family .
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
is just as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
as good  if not better than much of what s on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all ca nt stand .
it is scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
scott s convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
to others  it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
this remains a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
remains a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but it lacks a strong narrative .
spirit is a visual treat  and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards  but .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and selfdelusion of this most american of businesses .
is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing .
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past  really is nt .
that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past .
and wai ka fai are rrb sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american actionadventure buffs  but the film s interests .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and .
it s the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
the type of film about growing up that we do nt see often enough these days  realistic  urgent .
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault  the film is less successful on other levels .
a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome  if downbeat  missive from a forgotten front .
director paul cox s unorthodox  abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky s diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
while there s likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans lrb as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo s dumbeddown tactics rrb  much ado about something is an amicable endeavor .
a heady  biting  bebop ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he ll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media subcultures .
a weird little movie that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
that s amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
amusing enough while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
while you watch it  offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern la s showbiz and media .
it s better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
s better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
better to go in knowing full well what s going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
if you are into splatter movies  then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
they re just a couple of cops in copmovieland  these two  but in narc  they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie  which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the grossout comedy .
style crosscountry adventure  it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
it has sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
sporadic bursts of liveliness  some soso slapstick and a few earpleasing songs on its soundtrack .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
ability to right itself precisely when you think it s in danger of going wrong .
canada s arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie  tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
this smartaleck movie  tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession  one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light lrb yet unsentimental rrb touch .
is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light lrb yet unsentimental rrb touch .
handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light lrb yet unsentimental rrb touch .
into a tragic comingofage saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlane s superhero dystopia .
an oldfashioned drama of substance about a teacher s slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
if you re down for a silly hackandslash flick  you can do no wrong with jason x .
while obviously aimed at kids  the country bears  should keep parents amused with its low groantoguffaw ratio .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers  but darned if your toes wo nt still be tapping .
may leave the theater with more questions than answers  but darned if your toes wo nt still be tapping .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road  but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans  lofty expectations .
whether or not you buy mr broomfield s findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
as the slight  pale mr broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
slow and ponderous  but rohmer s drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
strip it of all its excess debris  and you d have a 90minute  fourstar movie .
some body will take you places you have nt been  and also places you have .
a little uneven to be the cat s meow  but it s good enough to be the purr .
both exude an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
an air of dignity that s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
s perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
amidst the action  the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
the script carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
carries arnold lrb and the viewers rrb into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the  other side of the story .
be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that should nt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that should nt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if it s far tamer than advertised .
has a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now  and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
if you re in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
despite its shortcomings  girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and it s a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
girls ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and .
ca nt swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  it s waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia .
may lack the pungent bite of its title  but it s an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners ca nt overcome  but it s a nice girlbuddy movie once it gets rocknrolling .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages  a trend long overdue .
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style  casting excellent latin actors of all ages  a trend long overdue .
from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
jumps to the head of the class of women s films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen .
though nijinsky s words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
it s truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
the film itself  as well its delightful cast  is so breezy  pretty and gifted  it really won my heart .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society  might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society .
mr wollter and ms seldhal give strong and convincing performances  but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion  grief and fear .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper lrb and better rrb than pink floyd tickets .
to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper lrb and better rrb than pink floyd tickets .
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the ohso convenient plot twists .
sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
holland lets things peter out midway  but it s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
s notably better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
better acted  and far less crass  than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
sometimes this  blood  seems as tired as its protagonist  still  the pulse never disappears entirely  and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
s been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
that it makes you forgive every fake  dishonest  entertaining and  ultimately  more perceptive moment in bridget jones s diary .
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
it s a familiar story  but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
s not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date  but when it comes out on video .
children  christian or otherwise  deserve to hear the full story of jonah s despair  in all its agonizing  catch22 glory  even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
tov to a film about a family s joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
there s no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan  but .
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes  iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys  at once .
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times  to save their children and yet to lose them .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
argento  at only 26  brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein and .
brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if she s cut open a vein .
elaborate special effects take centre screen  so that the human story is pushed to one side .
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh s best films   erin brockovich    out of sight  and  ocean s eleven .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
that director m night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
it s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here  but .
it s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here .
s mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here .
a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
mr deeds  is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
lrb d rrb espite its familiar subject matter  ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing .
a divine monument to a single man s struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
schaeffer is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
is nt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what lrb evans rrb had  lost  and got back .
enough to make you put away the guitar  sell the amp  and apply to medical school .
campanella s competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael s evolution .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlotte s web of desire and desperation .
the kid stays in the picture  is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
is a great story  terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing   this is going to be something really good .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people s lives cross and change .
lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard  but that film is yet to be made .
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way  while never sure what its purpose was .
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture  but the film has a lot more on its mind  maybe too much .
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
while it can be a bit repetitive  overall it s an entertaining and informative documentary .
ultimately   mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca nt be dismissed as mindless .
succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca nt be dismissed as mindless .
j lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear  she s a pretty woman  but she s no working girl .
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie  although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear .
some writer dude  i think his name was  uh  michael zaidan  was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something  but  dude .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  it s about a very human one .
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film s simple title .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye  but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them  and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
american musical comedy as we know it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
it would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
would nt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfun s  sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
shows why  of all the period s volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
why  of all the period s volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
of all the period s volatile romantic lives  sand and musset are worth particular attention .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well  everything is delivered with such conviction that it s hard not to be carried away .
there are a few chuckles  but not a single gag sequence that really scores  and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
aside from rohmer s bold choices regarding point of view  the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker s lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker s lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless .
since the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
the empire strikes back  a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
if you re burnt out on it s a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie you re looking for .
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film s city beginnings into its country conclusion .
with amazing finesse  the film shadows heidi s trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother  mai thi kim  still lives .
a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild .
a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy .
what  dumb and dumber  would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent  lifeaffirming script .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb and witty updatings lrb silver s parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around rrb .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb and .
spiced with humor lrb  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand rrb .
speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand .
witty updatings lrb silver s parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around rrb .
lrb silver s parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around rrb .
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that s often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
lrb p rrb artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tvcops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
the journey to the secret s eventual discovery is a separate adventure  and thrill enough .
forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film s present with the playful paranoia of the film s past .
twenty years later  reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery  but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fastforward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
could love safe conduct lrb laissez passer rrb for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long .
love safe conduct lrb laissez passer rrb for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long .
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
on tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
tension  eloquence  spiritual challenge  things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone .
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it  and  of course  feeling guilty for it  then  miracle of miracles  the movie does a flipflop .
s insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
directed by kevin bray  whose crisp framing  edgy camera work  and wholesale ineptitude with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
with acting  tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious  and schneider s performance is so fine .
like kubrick  soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
soderbergh is nt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
it puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
puts washington  as honest working man john q archibald  on a pedestal  then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
its power comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
comes from its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
its soul s  eye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
alice s adventure through the looking glass and into zombieland  is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream .
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream .
is worth a look  if you do nt demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
has merit and  in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack  might have made a point or two regarding life .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean s themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
sustains the level of exaggerated  stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
s a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned  as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate .
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
remove spiderman the movie from its red herring surroundings and it s apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
a meatier deeper beginning andor ending would have easily tipped this film into the  a  range  as is  it s a very very strong  b .
about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying .
large budget notwithstanding  the movie is such a blip on the year s radar screen that it s tempting just to go with it for the ride .
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai lrb of all places rrb served jews who escaped the holocaust .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people .
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk  with little to show for their labor  living harmoniously  joined in song .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasach  ke burstein and his family  transcends ethnic lines .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasach  ke burstein and his family .
the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
watching the powerpuff girls movie  my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison  the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
a thriller with an edge  which is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
is to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
to say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
say that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
that it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
it does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
does nt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
if you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
you re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger .
re looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger .
there s nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that s packed with just as much intelligence as action .
like mike is nt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb  with nothing but net .
has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience lrb young bow wow fans rrb .
a comingofage tale from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply .
from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply .
new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply .
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation  just about as chilling and unsettling as  manhunter .
according to wendigo   nature  loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  it s very much like life itself .
s difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
the ingenious construction lrb adapted by david hare from michael cunningham s novel rrb constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions  but at the very least  his secret life will leave you thinking .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia s true emotions .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man s right to raise his own children .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if you re in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it s a rocksolid little genre picture .
to restore lrb harmon rrb to prominence  despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors  and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie does nt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and .
s quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul .
washington overcomes the script s flaws and envelops the audience in his character s anguish  anger and frustration .
overcomes the script s flaws and envelops the audience in his character s anguish  anger and frustration .
you have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet .
have to admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet .
admit it s semiamusing to watch robert deniro belt out  when you re a jet .
it s not going to be everyone s bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness .
thirteen conversations about one thing  for all its generosity and optimism  never resorts to easy feelgood sentiments .
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become  the punk kids  revolution .
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it s one tough rock .
ll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extralarge cotton candy .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky s diaries .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me lrb horrors  rrb .
henry bean s thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions  walt becker s film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
really have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
have to salute writerdirector haneke lrb he adapted elfriede jelinek s novel rrb for making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
making a film that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
that is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
is nt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
in his latest effort  storytelling  solondz has finally made a movie that is nt just offensive  it also happens to be good .
we re touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
re touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
touched by the film s conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
wondering why lee s character did nt just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
lrb grant rrb goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the opera s drama and lyricism .
the performances are all solid  it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera .
the film is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
is stark  straightforward and deadly  an unnatural calm that s occasionally shaken by  blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
what lrb frei rrb gives us  is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
us  is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
is a man who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
who uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
uses the damage of war  far more often than the warfare itself  to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and .
at its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
its best lrb and it does have some very funny sequences rrb looking for leonard .
a firstclass road movie that proves you can run away from home  but your ego and .
a firstclass road movie that proves you can run away from home  but your ego .
mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
are rendered with such clarity that it s as if it all happened only yesterday .
a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side  that s because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
that s because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in  and making you sweat .
at its best  which occurs often  michael moore s bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the  are we a sick society .
michael moore s bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the  are we a sick society .
lrb caine rrb proves once again he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
once again he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
he has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
has nt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
a crisp psychological drama lrb and rrb a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful  selfsatisfied 22yearold girlfriend and an equally beautiful  selfsatisfied 18yearold mistress .
joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
bring kissinger s record into question and explain how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
explain how the diplomat s tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that s so prevalent on the rock .
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that s so prevalent on the rock .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
what bubbles up out of john c walsh s pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it s going to be a trip .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker  but .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker .
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
its impact is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
is all the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
the greater beause director zhang s last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative  but he does display an original talent .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
this spacebased homage to robert louis stevenson s treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
coppola s directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
even though we know the outcome  the seesawing of the general s fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
the seesawing of the general s fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does nt figure in the present hollywood program .
that this film was nt as bad as i thought it was going to be .
for more than two decades mr nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
fabulously funny and over the top as a  very sneaky  butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
below may not mark mr twohy s emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago .
peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myer s energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud  and parmentier .
after seeing this movie in imax form  you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
you ll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks  face than his wife is .
has enough wit  energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they re not interested .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they re not interested .
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they .
even after the most awful acts are committed  is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
there is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
enough originality in  life  to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
though jackson does nt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape  it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time  death  eternity  and what .
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script  which has a handful of smart jokes .
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
well  it probably wo nt have you swinging from the trees hooting it s praises  but it s definitely worth taking a look .
caruso sometimes descends into subtarantino cuteness  but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
rapidly develops into a gutwrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen .
then you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
you d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
d do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
do well to check this one out because it s straight up twin peaks action .
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt s cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters  foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
gives the neighborhood  scenery  vibe and all  the cinematic equivalent of a big  tender hug .
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
birthday girl does nt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girlmeetsgirl love story  but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen s romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america s indigenous people  but .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and  some plot blips aside .
this may be dover kosashvili s feature directing debut  but it looks an awful lot like life  gritty  awkward and ironic .
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
the film s appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem  there s a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
may be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need .
is nt a retooled genre piece  the tale of a guy and his gun  but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
makes the viewer feel like the movie s various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movie s most admirable quality .
it would have become a camp adventure  one of those movies that s so bad it starts to become good .
that rare film whose reallife basis is  in fact  so interesting that no embellishment is .
forbidden love  racial tension  and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
the unexpected thing is that its dying  in this shower of blackandwhite psychedelia  is quite beautiful .
if there s no art here  it s still a good yarn  which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
s a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
talk to her is so darned assured  we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
are until the film is well under way  and yet it s hard to stop watching .
this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
to slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star  but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
there s undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references  but the fun wears thin  then out  when there s nothing else happening .
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did  with a serious minded patience  respect and affection .
s a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that it s implosion rather than explosion you fear .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that is nt afraid to admit it does nt have all the answers .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that is nt afraid to admit it .
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year  a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that is nt afraid to admit it .
what s most memorable about circuit is that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
is that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
that it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
it s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
s shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large  and small  with considerable aplomb .
mr clooney  mr kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain .
of the movies you d want to watch if you only had a week to live .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice .
as they used to say in the 1950s scifi movies  signs is a tribute to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
to shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
shyamalan s gifts  which are such that we ll keep watching the skies for his next project .
an adult who s apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos .
s quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
no doubt intended the film to affirm love s power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace s flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
it s burns  visuals  characters and his punchy dialogue  not his plot  that carry waydowntown .
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol s most intense psychological mysteries .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy  it does nt disappoint .
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman s posthumously published cult novel .
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life s messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
patent solutions to dramatize life s messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
rogers s mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
and  there s no way you wo nt be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
but it will just as likely make you weep  and it will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
it will just as likely make you weep  and it will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
it will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
will do so in a way that does nt make you feel like a sucker .
this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
see scratch for a lesson in scratching  but  most of all  see it for the passion .
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
tony gayton s script does nt give us anything we have nt seen before  but director dj caruso s grimy visual veneer and kilmer s absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
director dj caruso s grimy visual veneer and kilmer s absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
this often very funny collegiate grossout comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer s most pleasurable movies .
though it s equally solipsistic in tone  the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans  saga of hollywood excess .
is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
is so convincing that by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
by movies  end you ll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
as much as it is for angelique  the lrb opening rrb dance guarantees karmen s enthronement among the cinema s memorable women .
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher s ruinous legacy .
he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
it s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
s the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
it is nt a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
the film s centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
shortstory quaint  touchingly mending a child s pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
touchingly mending a child s pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son s discovery of his homosexuality .
there s something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
a piece of mildly entertaining  inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that evergrowing category  unembarrassing but unmemorable .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
the more outre aspects of  black culture  and the dorkier aspects of  white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
it s a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but .
drug abuse  infidelity and death are nt usually comedy fare  but turpin s film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in   my big fat greek wedding  comes from the heart .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope  there s something creepy about this movie .
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts oldfashioned values under the microscope .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world s best actors  daniel auteuil .
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
so vividly that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
that the artist s work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
it s a good film  but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true  epic .
as an actor s showcase  hart s war has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
hart s war has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
has much to recommend it  even if the topbilled willis is not the most impressive player .
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution  but .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
undoubtedly play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
play well in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
in european markets  where mr besson is a brand name  and in asia  where ms shu is an institution .
has a way of seeping into your consciousness  with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
it wo nt hold up over the long haul  but in the moment  finch s tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
much of the movie s charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo .
form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand .
merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
an outline for a role he still needs to grow into  a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
even though the film does nt manage to hit all of its marks  it s still entertaining to watch the target practice .
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms  waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
while cherish does nt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller  it s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
s got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
jaeeun jeong s take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
whenever you think you ve figured out late marriage  it throws you for a loop .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca nt afford the  20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket .
in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
a suffocating rapepayback horror show that hinges on the subgenre s most enabling victim  and an ebullient affection for industrialmodel meat freezers .
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb the movie itself is an underachiever  a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that s scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a majorleague leading lady  lrb but rrb .
collateral damage offers formula payback and the big payoff  but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks  pyrocorrectly .
s telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
of color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing .
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
would look a lot like this alarming production  adapted from anne rice s novel the vampire chronicles .
s a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
a frightful vanity film that  no doubt  pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .
nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
allowing us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
us to remember that life s ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
depicts this relationship with economical grace  letting his superb actors convey martin s deterioration and barbara s sadness  and  occasionally .
it certainly wo nt win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
is fontaine s willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
a worthwhile documentary  whether you re into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits .
go rent  shakes the clown   a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa s emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called  the gift of tears .
is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
mibii is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
writerdirector alexander payne lrb election rrb and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life .
lrb has rrb an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it s all true .
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper s agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac .
there s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
s a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
mention  solaris  five years from now and i m sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
it s not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least it s better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
at least it s better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
it s better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
even if you do nt understand what on earth is going on  this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
it s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
s consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
ou ve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  do nt seem ever to run out of ideas .
reminiscent of 1992 s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
i admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent s complaint .
gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
of pre9  11 new york and onto a crosscountry road trip of the homeric kind .
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
by proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
proving that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
that he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
he s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
s now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
whatever complaints i might have  i d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
i d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
d take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
take lrb its rrb earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor s club any time .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags  outlandish color schemes  and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist s career .
lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america s skindeep notions of pulchritude .
excels in breaking glass and marking off the  miami vice  checklist of power boats  latin music and dog tracks .
that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
in the end  the film is less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
the film is less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
is less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and .
less the cheap thriller you d expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably .
the film s strength is nt in its details  but in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
it s touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
oddly  the film is nt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
the film is nt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
is nt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
as it sounds  but strikes a tone that s alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
she looks like the sixtime winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant  so i do nt know what she s doing in here .
the film s gamble to occasionally break up the liveaction scenes with animated sequences pays off  as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
i know i should nt have laughed  but hey  those farts got to my inner nineyearold .
a real audiencepleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who s ever waited in a doctor s office  emergency room  hospital bed or insurance company office .
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
graham greene s novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine s performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
is elevated by michael caine s performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
never again  while nothing special  is pleasant  diverting and modest  definitely a step in the right direction .
while nothing special  is pleasant  diverting and modest  definitely a step in the right direction .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away survives intact in bv s revoiced version .
the magic lrb and original running time rrb of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki s spirited away .
will no doubt rally to its cause  trotting out threadbare standbys like  masterpiece  and  triumph  and all that malarkey .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
is a few bits funnier than malle s dud  if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
i have a new favorite musical  and i m not even a fan of the genre .
to make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
make her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
her heroine s book sound convincing  the genderwar ideas original  or the comic scenes fly .
like kubrick before him  may not touch the planet s skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
here s yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
it s sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
it delivers the same message as jiri menzel s closely watched trains and danis tanovic s no man s land .
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of .
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of .
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
references to faith and rainbows to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
to plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
plant smilebutton faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
ll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
it celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
celebrates the group s playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his  angels of light .
there s absolutely no reason why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
it s hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but it s equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it s started .
much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
in waiting to hear how john malkovich s reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
as she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
she s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
s already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators  symbolic images with his words  insinuating  for example  that in hollywood  only god speaks to the press .
merges his collaborators  symbolic images with his words  insinuating  for example  that in hollywood  only god speaks to the press .
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it were nt true .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed  but skeptics are nt likely to enter the theater .
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  it s still a rollicking good time for the most part .
often likable  but just as often it s meandering  low on energy  and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little oldfashioned storytelling would come in handy .
though this saga would be terrific to read about  it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
a staggeringly compelling character  a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory  selfhating  selfdestructive ways .
the film s sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength  but it s propelled by the acting .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park lrb as well as one  ms mirren  who did rrb .
plan to make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
make enough into  an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heartpounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller .
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinema s capability for recording truth .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue  accentuating  rather than muting  the plot s saccharine thrust .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make  cherish  a very good lrb but not great rrb movie .
ravishing costumes  eyefilling  widescreen production design and joan s wacky decision to stand by her man  no matter how many times he demonstrates that he s a disloyal satyr .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop .
do nt wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you do nt have kids borrow some .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that lrb jaglom rrb pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
the animation is competent  and some of the gags are quite funny  but jonah  never shakes the oppressive  morally superior goodforyou quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film s lamer instincts are in the saddle .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs  and .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world s endangered reefs .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
this story of a determined woman s courage to find her husband in a war zone .
the movie is  very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way  secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
its insights into the dream world of teen life  and its electronic expression through cyber culture .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and it s certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
davis  candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
as gidget  only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
the lady and the duke is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats  perspective .
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .
there s a lot of good material here  but there s also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
is so earnest that it s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
that it s hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us .
pull us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
us deep into the girls  confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that s opened between them .
danny huston gives rrb an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent s smirk .
is one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
one adapted  fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most  the fanboy .
roman polanski s autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than  shindler s list   it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
you ll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness  but the point is  you ll laugh .
you ll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
ll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families  but it s not halfbad .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
by the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
the better film s ability to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
to make its subject interesting to those who are nt part of its supposed target audience .
we ve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world s greatest teacher .
is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrant s experiences in new york city .
what s so striking about jolie s performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
for decades we ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
we ve marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
marveled at disney s rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world .
several of steven soderbergh s earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian  not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
is nt that the picture is unfamiliar  but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
and more than that  it s an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart .
is an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and the decidedly foul stylings of their postmodern contemporaries  the farrelly brothers .
an odd amalgam of comedy genres  existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early zucker brothersabrahams films  and .
while american adobo has its heart lrb and its palate rrb in the right place .
the word that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmer s tribute to a courageous scottish lady  is painterly .
the word that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmer s tribute to a courageous scottish lady .
that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmer s tribute to a courageous scottish lady .
may not be as cutting  as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process .
a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
nakata s technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story lrb like  say  treasure planet rrb or soso animation and an exciting  clever story with a batch of appealing characters .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others  thanks to the actors  that are quite touching .
viewers do nt have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
is in its examination of america s culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
though the story  is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
some are fascinating and others are not  and in the end  it is almost a good movie .
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood s comicbook adaptations .
the casting of raymond j barry as the  assassin  greatly enhances the quality of neil burger s impressive fake documentary .
reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
s a gag that s worn a bit thin over the years  though do nt ask still finds a few chuckles .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do nt .
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
it s not a film to be taken literally on any level  but its focus always appears questionable .
the film s highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
to admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
admire these people s dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
it s too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling  but as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate that s been given the drive of a narrative and that s been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
the plot of the comeback curlers is nt very interesting actually  but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what s unique and quirky about canadians .
most consumers of lo mein and general tso s chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over .
lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis lrb auteil rrb and emilie lrb le besco rrb .
is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself  and .
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself .
an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
although estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro  it s still a guilty pleasure to watch .
estela bravo s documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro .
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh  sometimes funny  and usually genuinely worthwhile .
even if you re an agnostic carnivore  you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal .
it was made with careful attention to detail and is wellacted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal .
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
it s a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure  as long as you do nt try to look too deep into the story .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo  broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
the work of an exhausted  desiccated talent who ca nt get out of his own way .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood .
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly largerthanlife character .
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it s like on the other side of the bra .
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
it s an interesting effort lrb particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts rrb  and barry s coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company s previous video work .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus  if the lines work  the humor has point and .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus  if the lines work  the humor has point .
it s a very sincere work  but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
the cast  keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera s attention to detail .
becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
as far as mainstream matineestyle entertainment goes  it does a bangup job of pleasing the crowds .
seeks to recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules verne s  20000 leagues under the sea  and the george pal version of hg wells   the time machine .
to recreate the excitement of such 50s flicks as jules verne s  20000 leagues under the sea  and the george pal version of hg wells   the time machine .
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america  sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
beneath the film s obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
katz s documentary does nt have much panache  but with material this rich it does nt need it .
even though it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
it s common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end .
ca nt help but get caught up in the thrill of the company s astonishing growth .
that s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
s apparently just what lrb aniston rrb has always needed to grow into a movie career .
one of those basedontruth stories that persuades you  with every scene  that it could never really have happened this way .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that they re playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
though the film is static  its writerdirector s heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
its writerdirector s heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
max pokes  provokes  takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve  as far as art is concerned  it s mission accomplished .
and at times endearing  humorous  spooky  educational  but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act .
it s about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
think that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
that s what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kidsandfamilyoriented cable channel .
pan nalin s exposition is beautiful and mysterious  and the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
what does nt this film have that an impressionable kid could nt stand to hear .
what saves it  and makes it one of the better videogamebased flicks  is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
one of the better videogamebased flicks  is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
romp that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
that will have viewers guessing just who s being conned right up to the finale .
directing with a sure and measured hand  lrb haneke rrb steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
lrb haneke rrb steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski .
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
a movie that will surely be profane  politically charged music to the ears of cho s fans .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
have resulted in a smoother  more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny  er  comedy  like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank .
has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
it s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
s secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
it s neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy  but it has its moments .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney s darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and hovering over some of the most not .
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking .
shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
beyond the cleverness  the weirdness and the pristine camerawork  one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
this film s heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
in showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
showing us wellthought stunts or a car chase that we have nt seen 10000 times .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and .
of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that he s witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo nt be disappointed .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but .
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders .
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders .
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story  but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but there s only one problem .
i ca nt remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie  but .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you re a struggling nobody .
it s an effort to watch this movie  but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
modernizes aew mason s story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers  bare .
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american  a decision that plucks  the four feathers .
this readymade midnight movie probably wo nt stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  it s goofy lrb if not entirely wholesome rrb fun .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that it s forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
ash wednesday is not edward burns  best film  but it is a good and ambitious film .
that throws a bunch of hotbutton items in the viewer s face and asks to be seen as hip  winking social commentary .
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
ratliff s two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations  and this film is part of that delicate canon .
ratliff s two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations .
s best dramatic performance to date lrb is rrb almost enough to lift lrb this rrb thrillkill catandmouser  above its paintbynumbers plot .
best dramatic performance to date lrb is rrb almost enough to lift lrb this rrb thrillkill catandmouser  above its paintbynumbers plot .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here  it s a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
about motives and context  which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots lrb or cinema seats rrb .
a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
if you re willing to have fun with it  you wo nt feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes  camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes  camera craziness  not only did they film performances .
look at morality  family  and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off  broadway play .
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
lrb  take care of my cat  rrb is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
even if you do nt know the band or the album s songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
even if you do nt know the band or the album s songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and .
even if you do nt know the band or the album s songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve .
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
an offbeat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that .
is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
it s a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
s a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
death to smoochy is often very funny  but what s even more remarkable is the integrity of devito s misanthropic vision .
cannon s confidence and laidback good spirits are  with the drumming routines  among the film s saving graces .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms bullock s best work in some time .
find yourself rooting for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
for gai s character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
lrb clooney s rrb debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined  but it has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts  but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get .
it s absolutely amazing how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
how firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
firsttime director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan .
it s definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it does nt take itself so deadly seriously .
s definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it does nt take itself so deadly seriously .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  haneke s portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccann s revolution no 9 .
japanese director shohei imamura s latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
it s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
s a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocion s attentions .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo nt care .
something of bubba hotep s clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
her tough  funny  rather chaotic show is nt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
mr polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr spielberg s 1993 classic .
if you can read the subtitles lrb the opera is sung in italian rrb and you like  masterpiece theatre  type costumes  you ll enjoy this movie .
can read the subtitles lrb the opera is sung in italian rrb and you like  masterpiece theatre  type costumes .
argue that any sexual relationship that does nt hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
any sexual relationship that does nt hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i .
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times .
even when he s not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
must for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
has the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational  and .
but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly .
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies  a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that s sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
by and large this is mr kilmer s movie  and it s his strongest performance since the doors .
without you has a bracing truth that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
that s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
s refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
if anything  see it for karen black  who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
an oldfashioned scary movie  one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed .
this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
steven soderbergh s digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from  but  curiously  he waters it down  turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air .
compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis  highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi s .
fred schepisi s tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but they re treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material  but .
created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul s perspective .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family s attempts to heal after the death of a child .
it really is a shame that more wo nt get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet  evelyn .
really is a shame that more wo nt get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet  evelyn .
is a shame that more wo nt get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet  evelyn .
is sure to raise audience s spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
the film has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
has an odd purity that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
that does nt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
a liveaction cartoon  a fastmoving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
dazzling thing to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
to behold  as long as you re wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin s film serves up with style and empathy .
come from the script s insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale s antics .
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one s actions .
firsttime writerdirector dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue  and the characters sound like real people .
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
does nt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
conceptually brilliant  plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
it s excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
otherwise this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
this is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
is the best  old neighborhood  project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors  perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
hoffman s quirks and mannerisms  particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue  things that seem so real in small doses .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  we re wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that .
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes  a setup  delivery and payoff .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of children s entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
the film s plot may be shallow  but you ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
you ve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
lrb the cockettes rrb provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
the cockettes rrb provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
the film s images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
the fourth  pokemon  is a diverting  if predictable  adventure suitable for a matinee  with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world s delicate ecological balance .
is a diverting  if predictable  adventure suitable for a matinee  with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world s delicate ecological balance .
an eyeboggling blend of psychedelic devices  special effects and backgrounds   spy kids 2  is a visual treat for all audiences .
is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixtiesstyle slickness in which the hero might wind up .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but it could have been much stronger .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining  but .
with an unusual protagonist lrb a kiltwearing jackson rrb and subject matter  the improbable  formula 51  is somewhat entertaining .
that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca nt help but engage an audience .
based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
while most films these days are about nothing  this film seems to be about everything that s plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
lasker s canny  meditative script distances sex and love  as byron and luther  realize they ca nt get no satisfaction without the latter .
describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson s magnolia and david lynch s mulholland dr .
from mel gibson and a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
lrb haynes  rrb homage to such films as  all that heaven allows  and  imitation of life .
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
the whole mildly pleasant outing  the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse .
remains aloft not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
gondry s direction is adequate  but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman s script .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
alarms for duvall s throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
if the film s vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying  its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
it s pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 12 weeks .
the result is somewhat satisfying  it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that was nt at least watchable .
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
this is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
huppert s show to steal and she makes a meal of it  channeling kathy baker s creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women s augustine .
s no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited  again .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters .
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again  and .
reno does what he can in a thankless situation  the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again .
is given life when a selection appears in its final form lrb in  last dance  rrb .
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
if you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set  it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
you open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set .
open yourself up to mr reggio s theory of this imagery as the movie s set .
is reasonably entertaining  though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words do nt really do the era justice .
a gracious  eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline that i have nt encountered since at least pete s dragon .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
an astonishing voice cast lrb excepting love hewitt rrb  an interesting racial tension  and a storyline .
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese s taxi driver and goodfellas  but this film speaks for itself .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca nt totally hide its contrivances  but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
definitely in the guilty pleasure bmovie category  reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
it s an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the rock is destined to be the 21st centurys new  conan  and that hes going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger  jeanclaud van damme or steven segal .
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of  the lord of the rings  trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe cowriterdirector peter jacksons expanded vision of j  r  r  tolkiens middleearth .
if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun  wasabi is a good place to start .
emerges as something rare  an issue movie thats so honest and keenly observed that it doesnt feel like one .
the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics  even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges  its so clever you want to hate it  but he somehow pulls it off .
wendigo is  why we go to the cinema  to be fed through the eye  the heart  the mind .
an utterly compelling who wrote it in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film  lovely  amazing involves us because it is so incisive  so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
not for everyone  but for those with whom it will connect  its a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and goodhearted professionalism .
at about 95 minutes  treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story  however  it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevensons tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
it helps that lil bow wow    tones down his pintsized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
a masterful film from a master filmmaker  unique in its deceptive grimness  compelling in its fatalist worldview .
if theres a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs  i think its in projects like the  unfortunately rrated  paid .
while it would be easy to give crush the new title of two weddings and a funeral  its a far more thoughtful film than any slice of hugh grant whimsy .
though everything might be literate and smart  it never took off and always seemed static .
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies  twolane highways  and roadside cafes that permeate vincents days .
though it is by no means his best work  laissezpasser is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bonafide master  a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
like most bond outings in recent years  some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike  a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
newton draws our attention like a magnet  and acts circles around her better known costar  mark wahlberg .
the story loses its bite in a lastminute happy ending thats even less plausible than the rest of the picture  much of the way  though  this is a refreshingly novel ride .
fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
compleja e intelectualmente retadora  el ladrn de orqudeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad .
the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
karmen moves like rhythm itself  her lips chanting to the beat  her long  braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
a real movie  about real people  that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us dont know .
may be spoofing an easy target  those old 50s giant creature features  but    it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
some actors have so much charisma that youd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book  hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly  neurotic  and selfabsorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies  plus one sheep dog   the picture hosts a parkawrapped dose of heart .
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam  it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
singercomposer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits  a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended  er  spirit of the piece .
youd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold  yet the act is still charming here .
whether or not youre enlightened by any of derridas lectures on  the other  and  the self   derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
disney has always been hitormiss when bringing beloved kids books to the screen    tuck everlasting is a little of both .
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes  insecure  uncontrolled  and intense .
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character  but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
son of the bride may be a good halfhour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
a compelling comingofage drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mothers hold over her .
a truly moving experience  and a perfect example of how art  when done right  can help heal  clarify  and comfort .
this delicately observed story  deeply felt and masterfully stylized  is a triumph for its maverick director .
at heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
the appearance of treebeard and gollums expanded role will either have you loving what youre seeing  or rolling your eyes  i loved it  gollums performance is incredible .
if this movie were a book  it would be a pageturner  you cant wait to see what happens next .
absorbing and disturbing  perhaps more disturbing than originally intended  but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
its the best film of the year so far  the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
painful to watch  but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the years most accomplished and riveting film performances .
this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating  albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
a few artsy flourishes aside  narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic  its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
together  tok and o orchestrate a buoyant  darkly funny dance of death  in the process  they demonstrate that theres still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure  and this is a better film than his earlier englishlanguage movie  the overpraised elizabeth .
the movie is a blast of educational energy  as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
a sports movie with action thats exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
doug liman  the director of bourne  directs the traffic well  gets a nice wintry look from his locations  absorbs us with the movies spycraft and uses damons ability to be focused and sincere .
katz uses archival footage  horrifying documents of lynchings  still photographs and charming old reeltoreel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history  but most powerful of all is the song itself .
like the films almost anthropologically detailed realization of early80s suburbia  its significant without being overstated .
while mcfarlanes animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other comingofage films    its also so jarring that its hard to get back into the boys story .
in a normal screen process  these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel  but in imax 3d  the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
writerdirector burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it  but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
on the surface  its a loversontherun crime flick  but it has a lot in common with piesiewiczs and kieslowskis earlier work  films like the double life of veronique .
the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so againcourage  selfsacrifice and patience under pressure .
if its possible for a sequel to outshine the original  then sl2 does just that .
4 friends  2 couples  2000 miles  and all the pabst blue ribbon beer they can drink  its the ultimate redneck roadtrip .
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in todays cinema du sarcasm .
it might be tempting to regard mr  andrew and his collaborators as oddballs  but mr  earnharts quizzical  charming movie allows us to see them  finally  as artists .
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects  pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head  making it rousing  invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
its this memoryasidentity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease  reaffirming that longheld illusions are indeed reality  and that erasing them recasts the self .
in scope  ambition and accomplishment  children of the century    takes kurys career to a whole new level .
this may not have the dramatic gutwrenching impact of other holocaust films  but its a compelling story  mainly because of the way its told by the people who were there .
between the drama of cube  s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture  iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story  with charming results .
somewhere short of tremors on the modern bscene  neither as funny nor as clever  though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
unlike most teen flicks  swimming takes its time to tell its story  casts mostly littleknown performers in key roles  and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
an enthralling  playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the truth about this man  while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
extreme ops  exceeds expectations  good fun  good action  good acting  good dialogue  good pace  good cinematography .
you should pay nine bucks for this  because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected  dramas like this make it human .
a thunderous ride at first  quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between  their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action  still  this flick is fun  and host to some truly excellent sequences .
its obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans  and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
it is nature against progress  in fessendens horror trilogy  this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
its not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair  even coming from the drivethru .
this is what imax was made for  strap on a pair of 3d goggles  shut out the real world  and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier  space .
schweiger is talented and terribly charismatic  qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
its a great deal of sizzle and very little steak  but what spectacular sizzle it is     in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
the film overcomes the regular minefield of comingofage cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
if your senses havent been dulled by slasher films and gorefests  if youre a connoisseur of psychological horror  this is your ticket .
its a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness  while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
it is intensely personal and yet  unlike quills  deftly shows us the temper of the times .
as lofi as the special effects are  the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
like mike doesnt win any points for originality  it does succeed by following a feelgood formula with a winning style  and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
its a hoot and a half  and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when hes not giving the same 15cent stump speech .
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film  but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast  as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
more a load of enjoyable  conanesque claptrap than the punishing  specialeffects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
heres a british flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility  yet just as determined to entertain you .
its an old story  but a lively script  sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles  but dont be fooled  nobody deserves any prizes here .
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte  and everything that has to do with yvans rambunctious  jewish sister and her nonjew husband  feels funny and true .
the years happiest surprise  a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
fans of behans work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
its mysteries are transparently obvious  and its too slowly paced to be a thriller  but its worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
the film is faithful to what one presumes are the books twin premises  that we become who we are on the backs of our parents  but we have no idea who they were at our age  and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
stephen earnharts homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of  the isle  youll get a sockyouintheeye flick that is a visual tourdeforce and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
there are as many misses as hits  but ultimately  it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior  and its a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
theres enough science to make it count as educational  and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
remains a solid  if somewhat heavyhanded  account of the neardisaster    done up by howard with a steady  if not very imaginative  hand .
makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of irans borderlands .
for a good chunk of its running time  trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
the seaside splendor and shallow  beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
rare is the urban comedy that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
its traditional moviemaking all the way  but its done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
maybe its just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades    but honestly  analyze that really isnt all that bad .
watching hanekes film is  aptly enough  a challenge and a punishment  but watching huppert  a great actress tearing into a landmark role  is riveting .
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound  the way we like our 20yearold superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they dont really want to know .
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
children may not understand everything that happens  im not sure even miyazaki himself does  but they will almost certainly be fascinated  and undoubtedly delighted .
this insightful  oscarnominated documentary  in which children on both sides of the everescalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes  gives peace yet another chance .
whether youre moved and love it  or bored or frustrated by the film  youll still feel something .
my goodness  queen latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts  she must have a very strong back .
australian actordirector john polson and awardwinning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
as an entertainment  the movie keeps you diverted and best of all  it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the biggerthanlife screen .
it wont bust your gut  and its not intended to  its merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping  questing look at a person so racked with selfloathing  he becomes an enemy to his own race .
it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy  the films of fassbinder  perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
narc may not get an a for originality  but it wears its bmovie heritage like a badge of honor .
with the films striking ending  one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
purely propaganda  a work of unabashed hero worship  it is nonetheless  and likely inadvertently  a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u  s  foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
now trimmed by about 20 minutes  this lavish threeyearold production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grownup escapism .
we get some truly unique character studies and a crosssection of americana that hollywood couldnt possibly fictionalize and be believed .
visits spymovie territory like a novel you cant put down  examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen  and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
mr  parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence  composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor  or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
despite its many infuriating flaws  not the least of which is amys selfabsorbed personality  amys os honesty will win you over .
day is not a great bond movie  but it is a good bond movie  which still makes it much better than your typical bond knockoffs .
polished korean politicalaction film is just as good  and bad  as hollywood action epics  is this progress .
elling  portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by per christian ellefsen  is a truly singular character  one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
denis and cowriter michele petins impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing  lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances .
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen  unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange  stark beauty of the mideast desert  so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man  the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring  inventive and impressive .
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one cant help but think hed appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
jir hubacs script is a gem  his characters are engaging  intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving  the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives  full of strength  warmth and vitality .
moores complex and important film is also  believe it or not  immensely entertaining  a david and goliath story thats still very much playing itself out .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining  but it doesnt have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story  i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a thirdact plot development is somewhat melodramatic  its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying  the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
you wouldnt call the good girl a date movie  an antidate movie is more like it   but when its good  its good and horrid .
benefits from a strong performance from zhao  but its dong jies face you remember at the end .
this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
the director  steven shainberg  has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters  making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin americas most oppressive regimes .
using his audience as a figurative portofcall  dong pulls his evenhanded ideological ship to their dock for unloading  before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
as a witness to several greekamerican weddings  but  happily  a victim of none  i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms  vardalos memories and insights .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character  it is now .
by presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world  pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible  which forces us to confront whats possible and what we might do to make it so .
an impressive debut for firsttime writerdirector mark romanek  especially considering his background is in music video .
an incendiary  deeply thoughtprovoking look at one of the most peculiar  and peculiarly venomous  bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy .
all the performances are top notch and  once you get through the accents  all or nothing becomes an emotional  though still positive  wrench of a sit .
its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right .
this is such a dazzlingly selfassured directorial debut that its hard to know what to praise first .
parker holds true to wildes own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning  and no desire to be anything but a polished  sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
thankfully  the film  which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality    takes a tongueincheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
ultimately  the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts lifes stasis .
if youre like me  a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat  then mostly martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
the film has just enough of everything  reenactments  archival footage  talkinghead interviews  and the music is simply sublime .
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy    but mostly the humor is of the sweet  gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
it would be interesting to hear from the other side  but in talk to her  the women are down for the count .
the unique tugofwar with viewer expectations is undeniable  if not a pleasure in its own right .
it uses an oldtime formula  its not terribly original and its rather messy  but you just have to love the big  dumb  happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
its almost impossible not to be moved by the movies depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in postsoviet russia .
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film  but his words and images dont have to add up to mesmerize you .
it could change america  not only because it is full of necessary discussion points  but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
whats most striking about this largely celebratory film    is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
if youre in a mind set for goofy comedy  the troopers will entertain with their gross outs  bawdy comedy and head games .
as a director  mr  ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
for anyone who remembers the 60s or is interested in one mans response to stroke  ram dass  fierce grace is worth seeking out .
intriguing and beautiful film  but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
legendary irish writer brendan behans memoir  borstal boy  has been given a loving screen transferral .
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
its one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down  the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
i dont know precisely what to make of steven soderberghs full frontal  though that didnt stop me from enjoying much of it .
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
nearly surreal  dabbling in french  this is no simple movie  and youll be taking a risk if you choose to see it  i enjoyed the ride  bumps and all   creamy depth  and ultimate theme .
you could say that its slow at times  you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldnt  but one thing you couldnt say is that alias betty is predictable .
asia authors herself as anna battista  an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was  but heck  few filmmakers will  but based on cq  ill certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
high on melodrama  but its emotionally engrossing  too  thanks to strong  credible performances from the whole cast .
its not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality  and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects  he just wants them to be part of the action  the wallpaper of his chosen reality  here  thankfully  they are .
post 911 the philosophical message of  personal freedom first  might not be as palatable as intended .
this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middleaged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
easier to respect than enthuse over  anderssons rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character  an almost reallive girl complete with trouble and hope .
while this film is not in the least surprising  it is still ultimately very satisfying  think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations    are rewarded by brutal  committed performances from huppert and magimel .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institutionacted mostly by the actual people involved .
hands down the years most thoughtprovoking film  but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
this is such a highenergy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent  who cares if the storys a little weak .
attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
the diversity of the artists represented  both in terms of style and ethnicity  prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious  as does the appropriately brief 40minute running time .
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski  made richer by his own experiences  making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
even if you cant pronounce  gyro  correctly  youll appreciate much of vardalos humor  which transcends ethnic boundaries .
farrell    thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to williss worldweary colonel .
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucereyed  downycheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the films tart  sugarfree wit .
bennetts dramatization of her personal descent into postbreakup perdition has a morbid appeal thats tough to shake .
as expected  sayles smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever  though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve  the cockettes werent as much about gender  sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel  connect and create .
overthetop and a bit ostentatious  this is a movie thats got oodles of style and substance .
a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
a tender and touching drama  based on the true story of a troubled africanamericans quest to come to terms with his origins  reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled  literally and figuratively  by desire    sex and luca makes for an arousing good time .
celebrated at sundance  this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy  glib charm thats hard to beat .
if no one singles out any of these performances as awardworthy  its only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
if you love reading andor poetry  then by all means check it out  youll probably love it .
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music  the film is designed to make viewers of all ages  cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
its rare to find a film that dazzles the eye  challenges the brain  and satisfies our lust for fastpaced action  but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught  theres much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls cant swim .
if theres nothing fresh about wannabes  which was written by mr  demeo  who produced and directed the film with charles a  addessi  much of the time the movie feels authentic .
by the end of no such thing the audience  like beatrice  has a watchful affection for the monster .
if you liked such movies as notting hill  four weddings and a funeral  bridget jones diary or high fidelity  then you wont want to miss about a boy .
the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes  what time is it there   something the true film buff will enjoy .
romanek keeps the film constantly taut    reflecting the characters instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving  heartbeatlike score .
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times  this crowdpleasers fresh dialogue  energetic music  and goodnatured spunk are often infectious .
often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness  but seldahl and wollters sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
the stunning  dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for eurofilm pretension .
george clooney proves hes quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us hes a worldclass actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
the people in dogtown and zboys are so funny  aggressive and alive  you have to watch them because you cant wait to see what they do next .
as bundy  michael reilly burke  octopus 2  river of fear  has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
ana is a vivid  vibrant individual and the movies focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
a very witty take on change  risk and romance  and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
anderson uses a hitormiss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
bubba hotep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesnt deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
despite the long running time  the pace never feels slack  theres no scene that screams  bathroom break .
the best movie of its kind since brazil   lucas  take notes  this is how you use special effects .
frailty  has been written so well  that even a simple  goddammit   near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions  its just too bad it doesnt have more flashes of insight .
kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy  but i had a pretty good time with this movie  despite its myriad flaws .
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar  but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spymovie charm and  at the same time  is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
an enchanting spectacular for potter fans anxious to ride the hogwarts express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
its a humble effort  but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos  especially between morgan and redgrave .
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
starts off with a bang  but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end  its still worth a look .
most impressive  though  is the films openended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters emotional wounds .
a hip ride into hypertime  clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry thats rare in film today  but be warned  its a slow slog to get there .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois  tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski  that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if theyre ghosts imagining themselves as alive  its a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke  made creepy by its  men in a sardine can  warped logic .
long after you leave justine  youll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best  whatever that might mean .
still pretentious and filled with subtext  but entertaining enough at face value to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
call me a wimp  but i cried  not once  but three times in this animated sweet film .
an inspiring and heartaffecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u  s  relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
the level of maturity displayed by this 33yearold firsttime feature director is astonishing  considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
a splendid entertainment  young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
disneys liveaction division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam  but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
if the message seems more facile than the earlier films  the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question  but the risktakers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinemas finest this year  unfortunately  theyre sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlos life imaginable .
there are moments it can be heartrending in an honest and unaffected  and gentle  way .
stay clear of reminding yourself that its a  true story  and youre likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
the sundance film festival has become so buzzobsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing  tadpole was one of the films so declared this year  but its really more of the next pretty good thing .
working from elliotts memoir  rohmer fashions the sort of delicate  articulate character and relationship study hes favored for decades .
the story feels more like a serious read  filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
the crime matters less than the characters  although the filmmakers supply enough complications  close calls and doublecrosses to satisfy us .
the actors are fantastic  they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the years best acting  personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again  but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
only an epic documentary could get it all down  and spike lees jim brown  all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy neednt always make us laugh  tim storys not there yet  but barbershop shows hes on his way .
the movie is one of the best examples of artful large format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
lends itself to the narcotizing bland  sinister  though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie  machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
wellwritten  nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored  the film works on several levels  openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot  but its macabre  selfdeprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
taymor utilizes the idea of making kahlos art a living  breathing part of the movie  often catapulting the artist into her own work  this isnt a new idea  its been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
it sounds sick and twisted  but the miracle of shainbergs film is that it truly is romance .
mesmerizing  an eyeopening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion  retreat into oblivion and return .
one of the best examples of how to treat a subject  youre not fully aware is being examined  much like a photo of yourself you didnt know was being taken .
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuves beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges  kathryn bigelow offers no sugarcoating or interludes of lightness  her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
villeneuve seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way    that feels very human and very true to life .
bourne  jason bourne  he can scale a building like a super hero  he can outstealth any agent  hell get the girl  hes super spy .
what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished  a little funnier  and a little more madcap .
the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting  but theyll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler  liberated from the constraints of formula  reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
a distant  even sterile  yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogans heroes star bob crane .
the film delivers not just the full assault of renos immense wit and insight  but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
sound the trumpets  for the first time since desperately seeking susan  madonna doesnt suck as an actress .
although very much like the first movie based on j  k  rowlings phenomenal fantasy best sellers  this second goround possesses a quite pleasing  headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
take care of my cat   is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe  the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
not a cozy or ingratiating work  but its challenging  sometimes clever  and always interesting  and those are reasons enough to see it .
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom  wisdom that comes with experience  it has fun being grown up .
rarely do films come along that are as intelligent  exuberant  and moving as monsoon wedding .
its often infuriatingly glib and posturing  and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese  one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys  and its therapeutic to laugh along with them .
theres no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film    or the emotional integrity of the performances .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven the film addresses in a fascinating  intelligent manner the intermingling of race  politics and local commerce .
as shaky as the plot is  kaufmans script is still memorable for some great oneliners .
despite its flaws  secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
one of those rare  exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight  as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
not everything works  but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
a sensitive and expertly acted crowdpleaser that isnt above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
does what a fine documentary does best  it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world  then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone  a perfectly realized observation of mood  behavior and intent .
you wont believe much of it  but you will laugh at the audacity  at the whos who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
the bourne identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
if it tried to do anything more  it would fail and perhaps explode  but at this level of manic whimsy  it is just about right .
the saturation bombing of reggios images and glass evocative music    ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
for all its serious sense of purpose    it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who dont object to the description  unelected  have suspected all along  george w  bush is an incurious  uncharismatic  overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash  and youll be glad you went along for the ride .
sure  its more of the same  but as the film proves  thats not always a bad thing .
a lighthearted  feelgood film that embraces the timehonored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all  especially those who arent aware of  or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
zhang yimou delivers warm  genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty  but because they genuinely believe its the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its notsostock characters .
both hokey and supercool  and definitely not in a hurry  so sit back  relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat .
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tourdeforce  and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill .
smiths point is simple and obvious  peoples homes are extensions of themselves  and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces  but his subjects are charmers .
a romantic comedy  yes  but one with characters who think and talk about their goals  and are working on hard decisions .
a profat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
for the first twothirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful  always fast and furious tale  kids will go happily along for the ride .
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
in his debut as a film director  denzel washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it  anthony  hopkins .
a teasing drama whose relentless gooddeedbaddeed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting  less symmetrical  less obviously crossshaped creation .
as a revenge thriller  the movie is serviceable  but it doesnt really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this comingofage story restraint as well as warmth .
led by griffins smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm  the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
a gentle blend of present day testimonials  surviving footage of burstein and his family performing  historical archives  and telling stills .
a generation x artifact  capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew  and its directed by    neil labute  hmm .
an uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the italian masterpiece .
having never been a huge fan of dickens 800page novel  it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgraths version .
the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like  but how the creative process itself operates .
for all its failed connections  divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood is nurturing  in a gauzy  dithering way .
the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
the laserprojected paintings provide a spellcasting beauty  while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts  preciously exposed as history corners them .
you dont have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable bminus to the emperors club .
this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england  and ably captures the speech patterns  moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood may not be exactly divine  but its definitely  defiantly  ya ya  what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
viewed on its own terms  treasure planet is betterthanaverage family entertainment  but true fans of the stevensons novel will likely prefer disneys more faithful 1950 liveaction swashbuckling classic .
a journey through memory  a celebration of living  and a sobering rumination on fatality  classism  and ignorance .
antwone fisher  is an earnest  bythenumbers effort by washington  it wont rock any boats but is solid meatandpotatoes filmmaking .
we need moores noisy  cocky energy  his passion and class consciousness  we need his shticks  we need his stones .
although the editing might have been tighter  hush  sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
gai comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and  yes  most intimidating form .
a graceful  contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart   in the bedroom   morettis film makes its own  quieter observations .
the experience of watching blobby oldschool cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound selfevaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets .
the emperors new clothes  begins with a simple plan     well  at least thats the plan .
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre oldmovie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion youre not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
director peter jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of tolkiens writing that every frame produces new joys  whether youre a fan of the books or not .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
an exciting and involving rock music doc  a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
an offbeat  sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
ambition is in short supply in the cinema  and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters crises with seriousness and compassion .
like dickens with his passages  mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema  another great what you dont see is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller  coupled with some arresting effects  incandescent tones and stupendous performances .
a quietly reflective and melancholy new zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13yearold girls life .
cute  funny  heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids  lots of injokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
it suggests the wideranging effects of media manipulation  from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media    to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .
workmanlike  maybe  but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great  scary times at the movies .
branagh  in his most forceful nonshakespeare screen performance  grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual  the film is typical miike  fast  furious and full of offthecuff imaginative flourishes .
compelling as it is exotic  fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue  treachery and murder .
the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
this is as powerful a set of evidence as youll ever find of why art matters  and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
bows best moments are when hes getting busy on the basketball court because thats when he really scores .
in the end  punchdrunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did  sometimes  thats enough .
as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse  el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nailbiting thriller  its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
an incredibly lowrent danish film  it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way  if a little convenient .
its the cinematic equivalent of a good pageturner  and even if its nonsense  its claws dig surprisingly deep .
director nalin pan doesnt do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other  he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works  no question .
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crimefilm complications .
what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as looseygoosey  experimental entertainment  still  im not quite sure what the point is .
rich in detail  gorgeously shot and beautifully acted  les destinees is  in its quiet  epic way  daring  inventive and refreshingly unusual .
a  hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning     but  lohmans moist  deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer .
do we really need a 77minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15yearold boy and a 40yearold woman doesnt work .
ford deserves to be remembered at oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
the films 45minute running time stops shy of overkill  though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys novel  the death of napoleon  and directed by alan taylor  napoleons journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pgrated  nonthreatening family movies  but it doesnt go too much further .
this warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies  and its ample charms should win over the most hardhearted cynics .
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinemas most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
complex  affecting and uniquely almodvar  the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen  this isnt my favorite in the series  still i enjoyed it enough to recommend .
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through  will encourage others to stand up and applaud  and will  undoubtedly  leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
on its own cinematic terms  it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
prays film works well and will appeal even to those who arent too familiar with turntablism .
good movie  good actress  but if you expect light romantic comedy  good gosh  will you be shocked .
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion  it risks seeming slow and pretentious  because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
with youthful high spirits  tautou remains captivating throughout micheles religious and romantic quests  and she is backed by a likable cast .
its an example of sophisticated  challenging filmmaking that stands  despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft  in welcome contrast to the indulgent deadend experimentation of the directors previous full frontal .
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
but tongueincheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wildes droll whimsy helps  being earnest  overcome its weaknesses and parkers creative interference .
much of the movies charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo  their computeranimated faces are very expressive .
the path ice age follows most closely  though  is the one established by warner bros  giant chuck jones  who died a matter of weeks before the movies release .
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass  satin rouge shows that the idea of womens selfactualization knows few continental divides .
smith profiles five extraordinary american homes  and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame  its a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
though the plot is predictable  the movie never feels formulaic  because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label  proving that one mans ruin may be anothers fortune .
goyers screenplay and direction are thankfully understated  and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
when your leading ladies are a couple of screeneating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best  even hokum goes down easily .
while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses  its also full of sharp  smart satire .
for its seriousness  high literary aspirations and stunning acting  the film can only be applauded .
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
has a plot full of twists upon knots    and a nonstop parade of mocktarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor  as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
for the first time in several years  mr  allen has surpassed himself with the magic hes spun with the hollywood empress of ms  leonis ellie .
isnt quite the equal of woos best earlier work  but its easily his finest american film    comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .
an intelligent  earnest  intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure youre getting its metaphysical point .
a breezy  diverting  conventional  wellacted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of catandcat .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feelgood movies  the cast and director stephen hereks polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
the movie sticks much closer to hornbys dropdead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with    it does possess a loose  lackadaisical charm .
spiced with humor  i speak fluent flatula   advises denlopp after a rather  er  bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand  and witty updatings  silvers parrot has been replaced with morph  a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around .
this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make  and the trios absorbing narrative is a heartwrenching showcase indeed .
a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
aside from being the funniest movie of the year  simone  andrew niccols brilliant antihollywood satire  has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplays sappier elements    and sustains off the hooks buildup with remarkable assuredness for a firsttimer .
theres an energy to y tu mam tambin  much of it comes from the brave  uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
reinforces the often forgotten fact of the worlds remarkably varying human population and mindset  and its capacity to heal using creative  natural and ancient antidotes .
you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale  and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
its hard not to be seduced by witherspoons charisma  even in this runofthemill vehicle  because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
a movie for 11yearold boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship lil bow wow .
if youre not into the pokemon franchise  this fourth animated movie in four years wont convert you  or even keep your eyes open  but fans should have fun meeting a brandnew pokemon called celebi .
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernsteins perfectly melodic score  haynes gets just about everything right .
whether seen on a 10inch television screen or at your local multiplex  the edgeofyourseat  educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a familys custommade christmas card .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music  there are slow and repetitive parts  but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
theres not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm  effortless  pleasurable  featherweight charm .
as a belated nod to some neglected allstars  standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind  informative  revealing and richly entertaining .
even if the rides a little bumpy  with a final lap thats all too suspiciously smooth  you gotta give director roger michell  best known for the superfluous notting hill  credit for trying .
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out  but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
this is carions debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura  aunque sea condensada  que bien vale la pena aprovechar .
one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers ive seen in quite a long time .
theirs is a simple and heartwarming story  full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
the film is an enjoyable family film  pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
flavorful and romantic  you could call this how martha got her groove back  assuming  that is  she ever had one to begin with .
happily for mr  chin  though unhappily for his subjects  the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality .
hits one out of the park for the they dont make em like that anymore department .
it dares to be a little different  and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
fessenden is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills .
a compelling journey    and  his best friend remembers  is up there with the finest of specials .
at nearly three hours  the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do  and the experience is profound  the hours is what movies are supposed to be .
a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this hightech age  speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
woos fights have a distinct flair  his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
the ending does leave you unfulfilled  but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
its a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world  a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty  not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
i dont think ive been as entranced and appalled by an asian film since shinya tsukamotos iron man .
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes hes been making for the last several years .
director benoit jacquot  making his first operatofilm translation with tosca  conveys the heaving passion of puccinis famous lovejealousy murdersuicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
lilias transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous  but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
fridas artistic brilliance is undeniable  its among the most breathtakingly designed films ive ever seen .
charly will divide its audience in two separate groups  those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy .
nervy and sensitive  it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement  and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives hollywood .
though the films scenario is certainly not earthshaking  this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
a recent favourite at sundance  this whitetrash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppards pyromania .
the recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening  and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
occasionally funny and consistently odd  and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material  and he cant help throwing in a few of his own touches .
the 3d images only enhance the films otherworldly quality  giving it a strange combo of youarethere closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly brokendown fourth wall of the movie screen .
andersson creates a world thats at once surreal and disturbingly familiar  absurd  yet tremendously sad .
its predictable  but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
often hilarious  wellshot and  importantly  entertaining  hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich  poetically plump and visually fulsome  but never showy  film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
the films real appeal wont be to clooney fans or adventure buffs  but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience  and a wonderful allages triumph besides  is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
a startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in chinese society .
a highly intriguing thriller  coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings   its a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slashdash .
chos fearless in picking apart human foibles  not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience  her delivery and timing are flawless .
works because  for the most part  it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
about nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become selfmade celebrity athletes  a lowdown version of the american dream .
occasionally  in the course of reviewing arthouse obscurities and slambam action flicks  a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
a miniscule little bleep on the film radar  but one that many more people should check out .
13 conversations  holds its goodwill close  but is relatively slow to come to the point .
dont plan on the perfect ending  but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after its over .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors  and that they know their roles so well .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdettes dialogue .
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception  it marks the outstanding feature debut of writerdirector eric byler  who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think hes gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000 .
it turns out to be a cut above the norm  thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
you might not want to hang out with samantha  but youll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
its as close as well ever come to looking through a photographers viewfinder as he works .
lee jeonghyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldnt help being captivated by it .
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories  but theyre each interesting  the movie is well shot and very tragic  and one to ponder after the credits roll .
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a masters steady stroke .
ms sarcstica  divertida y demencial que su predecesora  es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection  but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought lighthearted comedy was his forte .
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing  its an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
the film is all a little lit crit 101  but its extremely well played and often very funny .
earns its laughs from stock redneck types and from the many  many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose  the play behind the thing .
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly  mentally handicapped family member .
its absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasemfurnished voice .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble  there isnt a weak or careless performance amongst them .
its a refreshing change from the selfinterest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american hosts and their guests .
though the controversial korean filmmakers latest effort is not for all tastes  it offers gorgeous imagery  effective performances  and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm  and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
the story may not be new  but australian director john polson  making his american feature debut  jazzes it up adroitly .
its endearing to hear madame d  refer to her husband as jackie  and he does make for excellent company  not least as a selfconscious performer .
more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
its neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be  but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever  charming tale  as pleasantly in its own way as its selfdramatizing characters .
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
auto focus  works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era .
if mr  zhangs subject matter is  to some degree at least  quintessentially american  his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
a fastmoving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
a sour little movie at its core  an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920s    the films ending has a  what was it all for   feeling to it  but like the 1920s  the trip there is a great deal of fun .
a sweetnatured reconsideration of one of san franciscos most vital  if least widely recognized  creative fountainheads .
this is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory  and in spite of numerous minor flaws  scorseses best in more than a decade .
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
its a nicely detailed world of pawns  bishops and kings  of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
a charming  quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy  except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty pythons meaning of life .
its direction  its script  and weavers performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes  if thats what youre in the mood for .
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee  and it still is .
like its two predecessors  1983s koyaanisqatsi and 1988s powaqqatsi  the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navelgazing film ever .
baran isnt the most transporting or gripping film from iran  or  indeed  by its director  but its a worthy companion to the many fine  focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
dark  resonant  inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
a picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky  spirited fashion .
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their childrenand the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
rain is a small treasure  enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
this concoction  so bizarre to the adult mind  is actually a charming triumph where its intended under12 audience is concerned .
droll capercomedy remake of  big deal on madonna street  thats a sly  amusing  laughfilled little gem in which the ultimate  bellini  begins to look like a  real kaputschnik .
its a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel .
is it a total success  no  is it something any true film addict will want to check out  you bet .
dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnameseborn youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an allamerican girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film  search it out .
the story  like life  refuses to be simple  and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
a sly game of cat and mouse thats intense and thrilling at times  but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
funny and  at times  poignant  the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena   a city where people still read .
this horrorcomedy doesnt go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheaplooking monsters  unless you count elviras hooters .
the movies eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid  in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor .
sits uneasily as a horror picture    but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
windtalkers blows this way and that  but theres no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass  true to himself .
there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2quite a rarity  even in the family film market  eventually  it wins you over .
those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there  well worth the time .
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her  trying to understand her and wondering if shell crack .
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers  the show    represents a spectacular piece of theater  and theres no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
youll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and  perhaps  give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst  we do indeed feel for them .
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the minimodmadness of 60s spy movies .
it is a kickass  dense scifi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some  i havent seen one in so long  no wonder i didnt recognize it at first .
in adobo  ethnicity is not just the spice  but at the heart of more universal concerns .
it is ridiculous  of course    but it is also refreshing  disarming  and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject  you experience it as you watch .
the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable    and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
nothing denis has made before  like beau travil and nenette et boni  could prepare us for this gory  perverted  sexsoaked riff on the cannibal genre .
greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past  and he is matched by schweig  who carries the film on his broad  handsome shoulders .
finds a way to tell a simple story  perhaps the simplest story of all  in a way that seems compelling and even original .
a stunning piece of visual poetry that will  hopefully  be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in australias film history .
a cute and sometimes sidesplittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous  starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
dazzling and sugarsweet  a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex  scandal  and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
japans premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
culkin  whos in virtually every scene  shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
cuts right through the b  s  giving a big middlefingered  shut up  to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
the amradio soundtrack and game cast  tierney and the inimitable walken especially  keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters choices  good and ill  that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat  vincents odyssey resonates in a profound way  comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of nonactors and a gritty  nobudget approach .
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsays portrait of grief .
we can see the wheels turning  and we might resent it sometimes  but this is still a nice little picture  made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
a comprehensive and provocative film  one that pushes the boundaries of biography  and challenges its audience .
the way coppola professes his love for movies  both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art  is giddily entertaining .
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection  scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all  nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
an endlessly fascinating  landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
they crush each other under cars  throw each other out windows  electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness  and we dont avert our eyes for a moment .
it is not a massmarket entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
frailty isnt as gory or explicit  but in its childcentered  claustrophobic context  it can be just as frightening and disturbing  even punishing .
mixes likeable personalities  inventive photography and cutting  and walltowall toetapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating  silly  perverse  hopeful and always fun .
the longrange appeal of  minority report  should transcend any awards it bags  this is one for the ages .
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st  petersburgs hermitage museum .
hawns characteris so bluntly written  without a trace of sentimentality  and so blisteringly defined  that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
the heightened symmetry of this newold cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience  like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many  no question  but this time theres some mold on the gold .
while surprisingly sincere  this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
it is far from the worst  thanks to the topical issues it raises  the performances of stewart and hardy  and that essential feature  a decent fullon space battle .
nicolas philibert observes life inside a oneroom schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have  easily one of the best films of the year .
a perverse little truffle  dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
this ecologically minded  wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family .
it takes this neverending confusion and hatred  puts a human face on it  evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens  but its still pretty tasty .
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel  a little too much dancing  a few too many weeping scenes  but i liked its heart and its spirit .
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue  if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres  mores the pity .
this cheery  downtoearth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
thrilling  provocative and darkly funny  this timely scifi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites  it demands repeated viewings .
a tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one mans tortured soul .
an epic of grandeur and scale thats been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town  with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters  this is a comingofage story with a twist .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes  i believe the message is in the messenger  the agent is a woman .
the mothman prophecies  is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
interacting eyeballtoeyeball and toetotoe  hopkins and norton are a winning combination  but fiennes steals red dragon right from under their noses .
this is a terrific character study  a probe into the life of a complex man .
this isnt a narrative film  i dont know if its possible to make a narrative film about september 11th  though im sure some will try  but its as close as anyone has dared to come .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than firebreathing monsters barbecue with their breath .
cedar takes a very openminded approach to this sensitive material  showing impressive control  both visually and in the writing .
biggie and tupac is so singlemindedly daring  it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists  but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
after making several adaptations of other writers work  armeniancanadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
the film is painfully authentic  and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmakers son  more incredible still are the cleareyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on lifes urgent questions .
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven  others need not necessarily apply .
without resorting to hyperbole  i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best samesex romance i have seen .
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve  into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity .
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such haveyourselfahappylittleholocaust movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar  the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
this is cool  slick stuff  ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
the movie is full of fine performances  led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel  his wife .
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since  well  performance .
the movie isnt always easy to look at  but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life  than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
its riccis best work yet  this girlwoman who sincerely believes she can thwart the worlds misery with blind good will .
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer  as the prime villain  and nathan lane as vincent crummles  the eccentric theater company manager .
by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy  auto focus becomes both gutbustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
its grossout gags and colorful set pieces    are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half  still  it gets the job done  a sleepy afternoon rental .
it further declares its director  zhang yang of shower  as a boldly experimental  contemporary stylist with a bright future .
smiths approach is never to tease  except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
full of profound  reallife moments that anyone can relate to  it deserves a wide audience .
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults  as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
leave it to rohmer  now 82  to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage  the kind of intimate and characterdriven film that bille august does best .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians  if the 70s were your idea of a good time at the movies  this will make you very happy .
the wwii drama is well plotted  visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
its a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock  garry shandling and colin quinn .
this time out  sade is an unsettlingly familiar figure  in turns loyal and deceitful  responsible and reckless  idealistically selfless and coldly selfinterested .
human resources was a good  straightforward tale  but time out is better  its haunting  its like a poem .
to the films credit  the acting is fresh and unselfconscious  and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character  is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
even when foreign directors    borrow stuff from hollywood  they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe    the most aggressively nervewracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
whether binoche and magimel are being charming or angstridden  they easily fill their scenes and  fine judges both  never overcook the hysteria .
a spunky  original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there  for everybody who wants to be a kid again  or show it to their own kids .
there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters  as if he has been giving them private lessons  and now it is time for their first public recital .
u  s  audiences may find attal and gainsbourgs unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .
once again  director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and actioneffects on the spectacular scale .
although its a bit smug and repetitive  this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
no one goes unindicted here  which is probably for the best  and if youre not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes  youve got ice water in your veins .
uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict  adolescent yearning  the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
dazzles with its fullywritten characters  its determined stylishness  which always relates to characters and story  and johnny dankworths best soundtrack in years .
visually imaginative  thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful  it takes us on a rollercoaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddieflick sentimentality .
nothings at stake  just a twisty doublecross you can smell a mile awaystill  the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
unlike the speedy whambam effect of most hollywood offerings  character development  and more importantly  character empathy  is at the heart of italian for beginners .
youll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly  watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea  shed an errant tear .
the bands courage in the face of official repression is inspiring  especially for aging hippies  this one included .
although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the worlds best cuisine  mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph  as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
lawrence bounces all over the stage  dancing  running  sweating  mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
whats surprising about full frontal is that despite its overt selfawareness  parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
whether you like rap music or loathe it  you cant deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
it provides the grand  intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
theres    tremendous energy from the cast  a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
it moves quickly  adroitly  and without fuss  it doesnt give you time to reflect on the inanity  and the cold war datedness  of its premise .
the films welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments  most portraying the idiocy of the film industry  make it mostly worth the trip .
a rarity among recent iranian films  its a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonists plight .
not only is undercover brother as funny  if not more so  than both austin powers films  but its also one of the smarter  savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
in a way  the film feels like a breath of fresh air  but only to those that allow it in .
woody allens latest is an ambling  broad comedy about all there is to love  and hate  about the movie biz .
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power  as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
ns directed the stage version of elling  and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
made me unintentionally famous  as the queasystomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby  but believe it or not  its one of the most beautiful  evocative works ive seen .
a coda in every sense  the pinochet case splits time between a minutebyminute account of the british courts extradition chess game and the regimes talkinghead survivors .
like mike is a winner for kids  and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow  who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
this beguiling belgian fable  very much its own droll and delicate little film  has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
heres yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep  but taken as a stylish and energetic oneshot  the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .
you wont like roger  but you will quickly recognize him  and thats a big part of why we go to the movies .
while the stoically delivered hokum of harts war is never fun  its still a worthy addition to the growing canon of postsaving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
we know the plots a little crazy  but it held my interest from start to finish .
a celebration of quirkiness  eccentricity  and certain individuals tendency to let it all hang out  and damn the consequences .
writerdirector joe carnahans grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches  but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
while the ideas about technosaturation are far from novel  theyre presented with a wry dark humor .
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play  the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
building slowly and subtly  the film  sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations  develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
without ever becoming didactic  director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
its a comingofage story weve all seen bits of in other films  but its rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for  though lovers of the book may wonder why its necessary .
one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals    a psychological masterpiece .
not far beneath the surface  this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
broomfield turns his distinctive blundering style into something that could really help clear up the case .
its refreshing to see a girlpower movie that doesnt feel it has to prove anything .
its worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom  and at times  the startling optimism  of the children .
a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
this surreal gilliamesque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes  a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challengehungry moviegoers .
may be far from the best of the series  but its assured  wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
may not have generated many sparks  but with his affection for astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue  this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
the film is beautifully mounted  but  more to the point  the issues are subtly presented  managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joans madness .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor  bittersweet pathos  and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
generally  clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler  while happily killing 94 minutes .
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle  inner and outer  thats all too rare in hollywoods hastier productions .
ao sair do cinema  eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que  para mim  a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel .
neither parker nor donovan is a typical romantic lead  but they bring a fresh  quirky charm to the formula .
its a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies  and gibson  stepping in for bruce willis  is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved  and daniel radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as harry  but the film conjures the magic of author j  k  rowlings books .
a mustsee for the david mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent  stylish moviemaking .
the acting  costumes  music  cinematography and sound are all astounding given the productions austere locales .
garca bernal and talancn are an immensely appealing couple  and even though their story is predictable  youll want things to work out .
far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial  cashin features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
the very definition of the small movie  but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
a gripping  searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative  still  as a visual treat  the film is almost unsurpassed .
so unassuming and pure of heart  you cant help but warmly extend your arms and yell safe .
an intriguing cinematic omnibus and roundrobin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time hell probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
at a time when half the socalled real movies are little more than liveaction cartoons  its refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is  and knows the forms history .
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain  but his smart  edgy voice and waddling profile  emphasized here  accent the humor of wilsons plight  and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor  a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare  its also  clearly  great fun .
takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport .
seldahls barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down  first by passion and then by illness .
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us  and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the eras creme de la celluloid .
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world  gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share  surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling weve shared a great adventure .
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle  sometimes a guffaw and  to my great pleasure  the occasional belly laugh .
lapaglias ability to convey grief and hope works with weavers sensitive reactions to make this a twoactor master class .
reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought  and is best watched that way .
altogether  this is successful as a film  while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
we root for clara and paul  even like them  though perhaps its an emotion closer to pity .
instead of a hyperbolic beatcharged urban western  its an unpretentious  sociologically pointed slice of life .
if the count of monte cristo doesnt transform caviezel into a movie star  then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
doesnt bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies  maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters  he doesnt hold them in contempt .
city reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless selfcaricature of analyze this  1999  and analyze that   promised  or threatened  for later this year .
a story we havent seen on the big screen before  and its a story that we as americans  and human beings  should know .
all in all  the count of monte cristo is okay  but it is surely no classic  like the novel upon which it is based .
if you can stomach the rough content  its worth checking out for the performances alone .
looking aristocratic  luminous yet careworn in jane hamiltons exemplary costumes  rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
mafia  rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely  but likable  hero .
on this tricky topic  tadpole is very much a step in the right direction  with its blend of frankness  civility and compassion .
montias    pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky  but not stereotyped  street characters .
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going  with enough amusing banter  blessedly cursefree  to keep both kids and parents entertained .
unfortunately  it appears that jackie chans us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
the wanton slipperiness of  corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
kinnear doesnt aim for our sympathy  but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
the subtle strength of  elling  is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
the format gets used best    to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders  whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bonecrushing screwups .
though its become almost redundant to say so  major kudos go to leigh for actually casting people who look workingclass .
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when its approached with imagination and flair .
thanks to scotts charismatic roger and eisenbergs sweet nephew  roger dodger is one of the most compelling variations on in the company of men .
nine queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece  but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
its the chemistry between the women and the droll scenestealing wit and wolfish pessimism of anna chancellor that makes this  two weddings and a funeral  fun .
you dont have to know about music to appreciate the films easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
for the first time in years  de niro digs deep emotionally  perhaps because hes been stirred by the powerful work of his costars .
the films snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
inside the films conflictpowered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out  but its not that  its the tension that keeps you in your seat  affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
the oldworld meetsnew mesh is incarnated in the movies soundtrack  a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that  by the end of monsoon wedding  sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
an effectively creepy  fearinducing  not fearreducing  film from japanese director hideo nakata  who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are  generally speaking  adored by the moviegoing public  khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
warm water under a red bridge is a quirky and poignant japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women  water  nature  and sexuality .
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches  the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
the best revenge may just be living well because this film  unlike other dumas adaptations  is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises  read my lips is an original  this is a story of two misfits who dont stand a chance alone  but together they are magnificent .
highbrow selfappointed guardians of culture need not apply  but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy followup .
one of creepiest  scariest movies to come along in a long  long time  easily rivaling blair witch or the others .
maud and rolands search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story  but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession  he makes language sexy .
pacino is brilliant as the sleepdeprived dormer  his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film  and just when you think it cant get any more gay  in pops nathan lane .
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes  who segues from oscar winner to oscarwinning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
the movie isnt just hilarious  its witty and inventive  too  and in hindsight  it isnt even all that dumb .
you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
ruzowitzky has taken this mothbally stuff and made a rather sturdy  oldfashioned entertainment out of it .
in spite of good housekeepings unsavory characters and wwf mentality  this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
as a firsttime director  paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .
for the most part  director annesophie birots first feature is a sensitive  extraordinarily wellacted drama .
by the time we learn that andrews turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardts coven  we can enjoy it anyway .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture  racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
a difficult  absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
for the most part  its a work of incendiary genius  steering clear of kneejerk reactions and quick solutions .
it has the charm of the original american road movies  feasting on the gorgeous  ramshackle landscape of the filmmakers motherland .
chaikens talent lies in an evocative  accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively  convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
in all  this is a watchable movie thats not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
hupperts superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
my thoughts were focused on the characters  that is a compliment to kuras and miller  if i had been thinking about the visual medium  they would have been doing something wrong .
remember the kind of movie we were hoping  ecks vs  sever  or  xxx  was going to be  this is it .
not for the prurient or squeamish  its a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture  selfloathing and sexual politics .
a cartoon thats truly cinematic in scope  and a story thats compelling and heartfelt  even if the heart belongs to a big  fourlegged herbivore .
the films almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need  history and presumption tangle  and sometimes destroy  blood ties .
theres something auspicious  and daring  too  about the artistic instinct that pushes a majorityoriented director like steven spielberg to follow a  i  with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular  its an eyeopener .
it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i cant wait for the sequel .
its a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
an operatic  sprawling picture thats entertainingly acted  magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170minute length .
the far future may be awesome to consider  but from period detail to matters of the heart  this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental picture shows .
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music  jones calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
its unnerving to see recoings bizzarre reaction to his unemployment  good film  but very glum .
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization  haneke has a different objective in mindnamely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
dazzling in its complexity  disturbing for its extraordinary themes  the piano teacher is a film that defies categorisation  it haunts  horrifies  startles and fascinates  it is impossible to look away  ah yes  and then theres the music .
it has charm to spare  and unlike many romantic comedies  it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king  we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
bleakly funny  its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
it will not appeal to the impatient  but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
the ring  is pretty much an englishlanguage copy of the film that inspired it  and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
prancing his way through the tailormade part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality  jagger obviously relishes every selfmocking moment .
offers much to enjoy    and a lot to mull over in terms of love  loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
an important movie  a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
is this love or is it masochism  binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
worth watching for dong jies performance  and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
two hours fly by  operas a pleasure when you dont have to endure intermissions  and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
its one heck of a character study  not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had todays moodaltering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
martin and barbara are complex characters  sometimes tender  sometimes angry  and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
its so good that you can practically see the hollywood suits trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the alltoo inevitable american remake .
the weight of the piece  the unerring professionalism of the chilly production  and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
they begins and ends with scenes so terrifying im still stunned  and ive decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
this tenth feature is a big deal  indeed  at least the thirdbest  and maybe even a notch above the previous runnerup  nicholas meyers star trek vi  the undiscovered country .
beneath clouds is a succinct lowbudget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbitproof fence .
the film is a contrivance  as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence  but its an enjoyable one .
a full world has been presented onscreen  not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm  and in this literate french comedy  shes as morningglory exuberant as she was in amlie .
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skatesurf culture  the l  a  beach scene and the imaginative  and sometimes illegal  ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
even if you dont think kissingers any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen  hed sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
the story and structure are wellhoned  fresnadillos dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wont go away .
it just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read stevensons book  which is a treasure in and of itself .
forgettable horror  more gory than psychological  with a highly satisfying quotient of fridaynight excitement and milla power .
ramsay  as in ratcatcher  remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
it may seem long at 110 minutes if youre not a fan  because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
a lean  deftly shot  wellacted  weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of 60s and 70s europeanset spy pictures .
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morverns soul  even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
the film may appear naked in its narrative form    but it goes deeper than that  to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine .
a superbly acted and funnygritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
cqs reflection of artists and the love of cinemaandself suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone whos ever had family trauma .
the french are rather good at this kind of thing  unlike the americans  who have a passion for musketeers  only to spoof them .
the flyonthewall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the documakers being a visible part of their work .
its an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
maneuvers skillfully through the plots hot brine  until its undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters  and actors .
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone  but it holds you with its outrageousness .
anchored by friel and williamss exceptional performances  the films power lies in its complexity  nothing is black and white .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships  food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
birot creates a drama with such a welldefined sense of place and age  as in  15 years old  that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
aside from minor tinkering  this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994  except that it looks even better .
it confirms finchers status as a film maker who artfully bends technical knowhow to the service of psychological insight .
with tightly organized efficiency  numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension  millers film is one of 2002s involvingly adult surprises .
mr  tsai is a very original artist in his medium  and what time is it there  should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
this is a good script  good dialogue  funny even for adults  the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory  the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
moody  heartbreaking  and filmed in a natural  unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
not a film to rival to live  but a fine little amusebouche to keep your appetite whetted .
true tale of courage  and complicity  at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who  in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude  knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
macdowell  whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs    brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
what time is it there  is not easy  it haunts you  you cant forget it  you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage  then esthers story is a compelling quest for truth .
although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds  theres no denying the fun of watching de niro and crystal having fun .
challenging  intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative  but its too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy  but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
charles entertaining film chronicles seinfelds return to standup comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom  alongside wannabe comic adams attempts to get his shot at the big time .
that dogged good will of the parents and vain jias defoliation of ego  make the film touching despite some doldrums .
the movie is for fans who cant stop loving anime  and the fanatical excess built into it .
the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried  lowkey film that is so offhollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
a densely constructed  highly referential film  and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jeanluc godards finest work .
candid and comfortable  a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
openminded kids  kids who read  kids who dream  will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
bennetts naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any reality show  and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
the film is powerful  accessible and funny  you wont miss its messages  but youll be entertained as well .
frailty  starts out like a typical bible killer story  but it turns out to be significantly different  and better  than most films with this theme .
the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants  its like watching a nightmare made flesh .
it is the sheer  selfish  woundlicking  barscrapping doggedness of leons struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion  despite its patchy construction .
a gorgeous  highspirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music  dance  song  and high drama .
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated  discerning taste  this might not seem like the proper cup of tea  however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their    off for an hourandahalf .
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration  but ive got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .
immersing us in the endlessly inventive  fiercely competitive world of hiphop djs  the project is sensational and revelatory  even if scratching makes you itch .
further proof that the epicenter of cool  beautiful  thoughtprovoking foreign cinema is smackdab in the middle of dubyas axis of evil .
theres really only one good idea in this movie  but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
a simple  but gritty and wellacted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
lovely and poignant  puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
i cant say that i liked homeboy  itd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing  bizarre  dogmalike in spots  and quite truthful  in its way .
displaying about equal amounts of naivet  passion and talent  beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high  even as the strafings blend together .
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawas ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
if the first men in black was money  the second is small change  but it still jingles in the pocket  its fun lite .
passable entertainment  but its the kind of motion picture that wont make much of a splash when its released  and will not be remembered long afterwards .
this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button  just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
my wife is an actress is an utterly charming french comedy that feels so american in sensibility and style its virtually its own hollywood remake .
it will grip even viewers who arent interested in rap  as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
a muckraking job  the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment  and a fairly effective one at that .
belongs to daniel daylewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese  its a memorable performance in a big  brassy  disturbing  unusual and highly successful film .
an exhilarating futuristic thrillernoir  minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story  delivering a riveting  pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order .
a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an aboveaverage cast  actor bill paxtons directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites  the rest of the world will enjoy a fastpaced comedy with quirks that might make the awardwinning coen brothers envious .
pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness  but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
corny  schmaltzy and predictable  but still manages to be kind of heartwarming  nonetheless  its the perfect kind of film to see when you dont want to use your brain  at all .
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century  and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets  its alarmingly current .
feature debuter d  j  caruso directs a crack ensemble cast  bringing screenwriter tony gaytons narcotics noir to life .
every dance becomes about seduction  where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated  and sex is currency .
harris commands the screen  using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
stephen rea  aidan quinn  and alan bates play desmonds legal eagles  and when joined by brosnan  the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing  tis .
director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors  and the costumes and sets are grand .
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants  revealing the human complexities beneath .
trademark american triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent french drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
more concerned with sades ideas than with his actions  the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as    quills did by showing them .
while undisputed isnt exactly a high  it is a gripping  tidy little movie that takes mr  hill higher than hes been in a while .
the sociohistopolitical treatise is told in earnest strides    and personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
its great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
good car chases  great fight scenes  and a distinctive blend of european  american and asian influences .
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role  and has completely transformed himself from his smooth  goodfellas image .
contando com uma premissa curiosa  o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense  culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria .
grants bumbling magic takes over the film  and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
brian de palma is utterly mad  cinema mad  setpiece mad  style mad  its a beautiful madness .
generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original  while the oscarwinning sound and james horners rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that  although flawed  is to be commended for its straightahead approach to creepiness .
an utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time  which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
thanks to haynes absolute control of the films mood  and buoyed by three terrific performances  far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
writerdirectors mehtas effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture  the intoxicating masala  of cultures and film genres .
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect  and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
like mike isnt interested in recycling old cliches  it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities  instead  he shows them the respect they are due .
a mess when it comes to the characters and writing    but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
drops you into a dizzying  volatile  pressurecooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control  while focusing on the what much more than the why .
zhang    has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
as the two leads  lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
a beguiling  slowmoving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock  but also feel optimistic that theres hope for popular cinema yet .
firsttime writerdirector serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving  effective little film .
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears  to be a girl in a world of boys  to be a boy truly in love with a girl  and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life  wherever it takes you .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues .
de niro    is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around .
the whole is quite entertaining  but despite its virtues  there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoers appetite  the films final scene is soaringly  transparently moving .
hardly a masterpiece  but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller  the film gets great laughs  but never at the expense of its characters .
its somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced  but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid buildup  a terrific climax  and some nice chills along the way .
if youve ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like  here it is .
exciting and direct  with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
whether writerdirector anne fontaines film is a ghost story  an account of a nervous breakdown  a trip down memory lane  all three or none of the above  it is as seductive as it is haunting .
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion  as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters  this one is for you .
the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like  divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood   except that the writing  acting and character development are a lot better .
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom  while offering exceptionally welldetailed characters .
viewers of  the ring  are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
despite its title  punchdrunk love is never heavyhanded  the jabs it employs are short  carefully placed and deadcenter .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic  but its too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge  a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels  so  too  is this comedy about mild culture clashing in todays new delhi .
mostly martha  is a bright  light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings  the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil   sade  covers the same period as kaufmanns  quills  with more unsettlingly realistic results .
a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness  a state experienced by millions around the globe .
its a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
a moody  multidimensional love story and scifi mystery  solaris is a thoughtprovoking  haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
a giggleinducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscarwinners  susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
its maker  steven spielberg  hasnt had so much fun in two decades  since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
oscar wildes masterpiece  the importance of being earnest  may be the best play of the 19th century  its so good that its relentless  polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions  but even oliver parkers movie adaptation .
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise  al pacino loathing robin williams .
lan yu is at times too restrained  yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
light years several warp speeds levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection  which isnt to say that its the equal of some of its predecessors .
if this story must be told and retold  and indeed it must  then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago  but on imax it seems better  not just bigger .
the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaughs three lead actresses .
the inspirational screenplay by mike rich covers a lot of ground  perhaps too much  but ties things together  neatly  by the end .
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience  but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
director andrew niccol    demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame  his healthy sense of satire is light and fun .
about a mangalike heroine who fights back at her abusers  its energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
richard gere and diane lane put in fine performances as does french actor oliver martinez .
this is wild surreal stuff  but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like youre going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
its a demented kitsch mess  although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative   but its savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
there is nothing outstanding about this film  but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
allinall  the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us  but not necessarily with us .
an interesting story with a pertinent  cinematically unique  message  told fairly well and scored to perfection  i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive  missing thing .
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic  this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
a crisp psychological drama and a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old  twilight zone  episode .
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
opening with some contrived banter  cliches and some loose ends  the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
the cockettes provides a window into a subculture hellbent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
the modernday royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals  its only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
i walked away from this new version of e  t  just as i hoped i would  with moist eyes .
for devotees of french cinema  safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae its like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
shamelessly resorting to peerelated sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace  still  myers energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail .
if youre as happy listening to movies as you are watching them  and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you  then youre at the right film .
this version moves beyond the originals nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinemas inability to stand in for true  lived experience .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories  mention  solaris  five years from now and im sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
its a glorious spectacle like those d  w  griffith made in the early days of silent film .
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed  this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders  desperate for work and food .
the leaping story line  shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions  shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
with three excellent principal singers  a youthful and goodlooking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations  its enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection  so we believe these characters love each other .
no es la mejor cinta de la serie  ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza  pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe .
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic  achieving some honest insight into relationships that most highconcept films candycoat with pat storylines  precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
finally  the frenchproduced  read my lips  is a movie that understands characters must come first .
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and  more specifically  behind the camera .
by no means a slamdunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act  it still comes off as a touching  transcendent love story .
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whales tale  you wont be sorry .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wont be disappointed .
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it cant help but engage an audience .
if youre a fan of the series youll love it and probably want to see it twice  i will be .
it celebrates the groups playful spark of nonconformity  glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his angels of light .
the story    is inspiring  ironic  and revelatory of just how ridiculous and moneyoriented the record industry really is  it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
laced with liberal doses of dark humor  gorgeous exterior photography  and a stablefull of solid performances  no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
hupperts show to steal and she makes a meal of it  channeling kathy bakers creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 womens augustine .
nair doesnt treat the issues lightly  she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory  with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them  strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
a fascinating  dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
the film aims to be funny  uplifting and moving  sometimes all at once  the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
while not for every taste  this often very funny collegiate grossout comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise  too long reduced to directtovideo irrelevancy .
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is  there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director  frank novak  that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
in addition to hoffmans powerful acting clinic  this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt  or will feel someday .
from the opening strains of the average white bands  pick up the pieces   you can feel the love .
stevens vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
that itll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture .
old people will love this movie  and i mean that in the nicest possible way  last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50year friendship .
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
too damn weird to pass up  and for the blacklight crowd  way cheaper  and better  than pink floyd tickets .
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope  but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
its not a great monster movie  but if youve paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn  theres guilty fun to be had here  chomp chomp .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies    but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
others  more attuned to the anarchist maxim that the urge to destroy is also a creative urge  or more willing to see with their own eyes  will find morrisons iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise  expertly plucking tension from quiet .
its a sweet  laughaminute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
writerdirector alexander payne  election  and his cowriter jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .
a movie that at its best doesnt just make the most out of its characters flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcueras attention to detail .
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orleans themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice its a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things  it is sentimental but feels free to offend  is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters  is about grief and yet permits laughter .
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe  who makes oliver far more interesting than the characters lines would suggest  and sarandon  who couldnt be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
if youre willing to have fun with it  you wont feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
australia  land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
a captivating comingofage story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young womans tragic odyssey .
youd have to be a most hardhearted person not to be moved by this drama .
measured against practically any likethemed film other than its oscarsweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs  red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
maelstrom is strange and compelling  engrossing and different  a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their smallbudget film .
too often  son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained  big moment  will occur and not  if .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life  but also acknowledging the places  and the people  from whence you came .
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback  but unlike many revenge fantasies  it ultimately delivers .
chos latest comic set isnt as sharp or as fresh as im the one that i want    but its still damn funny stuff .
in the pianist  polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say  confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions  and he allows nothing to get in the way .
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting  but few will find the movie improved .
if you come from a family that eats  meddles  argues  laughs  kibbitzes and fights together  then go see this delightful comedy .
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
the reason to see  sade  lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis  auteil  and emilie  le besco .
its the filmmakers postcamp comprehension of what made oldtime b movies goodbad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
it strikes hardest when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain  fifty years after the fact  the worlds political situation seems little different  and director phillip noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the films strength isnt in its details  but in the larger picture it paints  of a culture in conflict with itself  with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest  mediasoaked fears .
best seen as speculative history  as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .
it has its faults  but it is a kind  unapologetic  sweetheart of a movie  and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence  and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .
despite its shortcomings  girls cant swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch  and its a worthy entry in the french comingofage genre .
with dirty deeds  david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control  driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
lookin for sin  americanstyle  try hell house  which documents the cautionary christian spookarama of the same name .
as comedic spotlights go  notorious c  h  o  hits all the verbal marks it should .
frida isnt that much different from many a hollywood romance  what sets it apart is the vision that taymor  the avant garde director of broadways the lion king and the film titus  brings .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy  the film operates nicely off the element of surprise  and the large cast is solid .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors  this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
its good  hardedged stuff  violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done  morally alert and streetsmart .
cineasts will revel in those visual injokes  as in the films verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinsteins bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmarks dogma movement .
creates a visceral sense of its characters lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above    what could have been a melodramatic  lifetime channelstyle anthology .
reno delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a wellbalanced fashion .
no  its not as singleminded as john carpenters original  but its sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever  amusing and unpredictable .
stands as one of the years most intriguing movie experiences  letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
the first 23 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny  thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices  cool visual backmasking   a solid cast  and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
this movie got me grinning  theres a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
an oldfashioned drama of substance about a teachers slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
whats not to like about a movie with a childrens song that includes the line my stepdads not mean  hes just adjusting .
this englishlanguage version    does full honor to miyazakis teeming and often unsettling landscape  and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more seriousminded concerns of other yearend movies .
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture  but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
like the original  this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allens astringent wit .
despite its hawaiian setting  the sciencefiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick  the basic plot of  lilo  could have been pulled from a tearstained vintage shirley temple script .
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail  baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch  a haunting ode to humanity .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltowns seasoned veterans of gossip  wealth  paranoia  and celebrityhood .
in its dry and forceful way  it delivers the same message as jiri menzels closely watched trains and danis tanovics no mans land .
haynes homage to such films as  all that heaven allows  and  imitation of life  transcends them  simply put   far from heaven  is a masterpiece .
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
although fairly involving as far as it goes  the film doesnt end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or  really  anything .
proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middleagers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart  it really is a shame that more wont get an opportunity to embrace small  sweet evelyn .
i stopped thinking about how good it all was  and started doing nothing but reacting to it  feeling a part of its grand locations  thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled  feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness  gasping at its visual delights .
a gently funny  sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good  that is to say  entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp  overmanipulative hollywood practices .
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultraprovincial new yorker if 26yearold reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character  melanie carmichael  with a massive infusion of oldfashioned hollywood magic .
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal selfdiscovery and a picaresque view of a littleremembered world .
schttes dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rahrah  patriotic tone  soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective  dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
even if you dont know the band or the albums songs by heart  you will enjoy seeing how both evolve  and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
films about loss  grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days  seen in that light  moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat  but more than that  its a work of enthralling drama .
a movie that both thrills the eye and  in its overthetop way  touches the heart .
stuffed to the brim with ideas  american instigator michael moores film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
affectionately reminds us that  in any language  the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
a drama of great power  yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
the largeframe imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs  making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grownup fish lovers .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously  it is also beautifully acted .
it isnt that the picture is unfamiliar  but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
its a technically superb film  shining with all the usual spielberg flair  expertly utilizing the talents of his topnotch creative team .
wilco fans will have a great time  and the movie should win the band a few new converts  too .
tsai has a welldeserved reputation as one of the cinema worlds great visual stylists  and in this film  every shot enhances the excellent performances .
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfields interviewees  or even himself  will not be for much longer .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
there is enough originality in life to distance it from the pack of paintbynumber romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions  one part romance novel  one part recipe book .
with or without the sex  a wonderful tale of love and destiny  told well by a master storyteller .
on the surface a silly comedy  scotland  pa would be forgettable if it werent such a clever adaptation of the bards tragic play .
a fine film  but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
a firstclass road movie that proves you can run away from home  but your ego and all your problems go with you .
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see  simone   and consider a dvd rental instead .
well cast and well directed  a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama  but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from pauls perspective .
jones    makes a great impression as the writerdirector of this little 1  8 million charmer  which may not be cuttingedge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father  french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of maleridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition .
below may not mark mr  twohys emergence into the mainstream  but his promise remains undiminished .
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesnt pummel us with phony imagery or music .
for his first attempt at film noir  spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart .
perhaps its cliche to call the film refreshing   but it is  drumline shows a level of young  black manhood that is funny  touching  smart and complicated .
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos  an appealing blend of countercultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic lowbudget film noir movie .
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance  which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile  and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
the last scenes of the film are anguished  bitter and truthful  mr  koshashvili is a director to watch .
predictable storyline and bythebook scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but  with few exceptions  it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition  but in its place a sweetness  clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
a sensitive  modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them  and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
jaeeun jeongs take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a comingofage story with such a buoyant  expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection  made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
a touching  sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of selfimportance .
an inventive  absorbing movie thats as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
it made me want to get madeup and go see this movie with my sisters  i thought the relationships were wonderful  the comedy was funny  and the love real .
caine  proves once again he hasnt lost his touch  bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and  via kirsten dunsts remarkable performance  he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm  generosity and diplomacy .
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful  incisive meditation on the way we were  and the way we are .
those who arent put off by the films austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
its a cleareyed portrait of an intensely lived time  filled with nervous energy  moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others  it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
with the same sort of goodnatured fun found in films like tremors  eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film  a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dogtag and an m16 .
a graceful  moving tribute to the courage of new yorks finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
a comingofage tale from new zealand whose boozy  languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival  the annual riviera spree of flesh  buzz  blab and money  the charming result is festival in cannes .
a hugely rewarding experience thats every bit as enlightening  insightful and entertaining as grants two best films  four weddings and a funeral and bridget joness diary .
if theres no art here  its still a good yarn  which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
an unforgettable look at morality  family  and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating  sleeping and stressreducing contemplation  it is clearly a good thing .
meeting  even exceeding expectations  its the best sequel since the empire strikes back    a majestic achievement  an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema  he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue  this method almost never fails him  and it works superbly here .
poetry in motion captured on film  while it can be a bit repetitive  overall its an entertaining and informative documentary .
directing with a sure and measured hand  haneke steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time  and in their cheap  b movie way  they succeed .
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
rabbitproof fence will probably make you angry  but it will just as likely make you weep  and it will do so in a way that doesnt make you feel like a sucker .
both heartbreaking and heartwarming    just a simple fable done in an artless sytle  but its tremendously moving .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
the films sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength  but its propelled by the acting .
the pianist is a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of wars madness remembered that we  today  can prevent its tragic waste of life  here is a divine monument to a single mans struggle to regain his life  his dignity and his music .
an average comingofage tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her sons discovery of his homosexuality .
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies  newsreels and the like  the unexpected thing is that its dying  in this shower of blackandwhite psychedelia  is quite beautiful .
a droll  bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and smalltown pretension in the lone star state .
with each of her three protagonists  miller eloquently captures the moment when a womans life  out of a deepseated  emotional need  is about to turn onto a different path .
a minor work yet theres no denying the potency of millers strange  fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
as an introduction to the mans theories and influence  derrida is all but useless  as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man  however  its invaluable .
imperfect  yes  but also intriguing and honorable  a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
the movie is hardly a masterpiece  but it does mark ms  bullocks best work in some time .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine  this is a movie you can trust .
passionate  irrational  longsuffering but cruel as a tarantula  helga figures prominently in this movie  and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grownups as for rugrats .
vividly conveys the passion  creativity  and fearlessness of one of mexicos most colorful and controversial artists  a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10  the powerpuff girls is a fast  frenetic  funny  even punny 6  aimed specifically at a gradeschool audience .
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy  hope and despair  about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live  someplace between consuming selfabsorption and insistently demanding otherness .
shyamalan turns the goosepimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit  purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
a sexy  peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain  and the fact that its based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bards immortal plays were written by somebody else .
a highly spirited  imaginative kids movie that broaches neoaugustinian theology  is god stuck in heaven because hes afraid of his bestknown creation .
call it magic realism or surrealism  but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
raimi and his team couldnt have done any better in bringing the story of spiderman to the big screen .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
ultimately   mib ii  succeeds due to its rapidfire delivery and enough inspired levity that it cant be dismissed as mindless .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hitman in this dark tale of revenge .
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydneys darling harbour  but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia  sweeping and gliding  banking and hovering over some of the most not .
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star  jean reno  who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake halfsleep .
whats so fun about this silly  outrageous  ingenious thriller is the directors talent  watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
strip it of all its excess debris  and youd have a 90minute  fourstar movie  as it is  its too long and unfocused .
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
this familiar riseandfall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences  though its told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
brian tufanos handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowskys excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grants own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
using a stock plot  about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not  strictly speaking  qualify as revolutionary  but its defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
the hardtopredict and absolutely essential chemistry between the downtoearth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational  and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue  betrayal  deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
mr  clooney  mr  kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost surefire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
definitely funny stuff  but its more of the laughing at variety than the laughing with .
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of antisemitism ever seen on screen .
family portrait of need  neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be  and among the best films of the year .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
as literary desecrations go  this makes for perfectly acceptable  occasionally very enjoyable childrens entertainment  youll forget about it by monday  though  and if theyre old enough to have developed some taste  so will your kids .
while i cant say its on par with the first one  stuart little 2 is a light  fun cheese puff of a movie .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshalls intense freight train of a film .
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kidsandfamilyoriented cable channel .
alain choquarts camera barely stops moving  portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency  which  for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool  is both funny and irritating .
mostly martha could have used a little trimming  10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice  but its a pleasurable trifle  the only pain youll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
hardly an objective documentary  but its great cinematic polemic    love moore or loathe him  youve got to admire    the intensity with which hes willing to express his convictions .
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things  unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose  ivans xtc  is one of this years very best pictures .
what makes the movie work  to an admittedly limited extent  is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers  weaver and lapaglia are both excellent  in the kind of lowkey way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
mr  spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned  and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
en s mismo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en cine  dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral  pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
coppolas directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that  despite a fairly slow paced  almost humdrum approach to character development  still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
at the end  when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry  the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and wellrealized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
its hard to imagine anybody ever being  in the mood  to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone  but its equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once its started .
even if you dont understand what on earth is going on  this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion  if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor  sensuality  and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
just about the surest bet for an allaround good time at the movies this summer .
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film  but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex  this is a movie that is what it is  a pleasant distraction  a friday night diversion  an excuse to eat popcorn .
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work  but it is nevertheless compelling .
the four feathers has rewards  from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
this story still seems timely and important  and theres an element of heartbreak to watching it now  with older and wiser eyes  because we know what will happen after greenes story ends .
the bodily function jokes are about what youd expect  but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
the performances are amiable and committed  and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
this time  the hype is quieter  and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first  its still a rollicking good time for the most part .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages  this cinderella story doesnt have a single surprise up its sleeve  but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzogs works  invincible shows hes back in form  with an astoundingly rich film .
catch me  feels capable of charming the masses with star power  a popinduced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
the casting of raymond j  barry as the assassin greatly enhances the quality of neil burgers impressive fake documentary .
despite bessons highprofile name being wasabis big selling point  there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the films thoroughly winning tone .
this documentary is a dazzling  remarkably unpretentious reminder of what evans had  lost  and got back .
a thoughtful movie  a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of ones actions .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago    has a delightfully dour  deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
methodical  measured  and gently tedious in its comedy  secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie  which may be why its so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
a witty  trenchant  wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
this movie may not have the highest production values youve ever seen  but its the work of an artist  one whose view of america  history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
though its not very well shot or composed or edited  the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal  the film shatters you in waves .
yakusho  as always  is wonderful as the longfaced sad sack    and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
the film delivers what it promises  a look at the  wild ride  that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops  cell phones and sketchy business plans .
young hanks and fisk  who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents  bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
if jagloms latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling  some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being  the hours is one of those reputedly  unfilmable  novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france  the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
an oddity  to be sure  but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
while the film is not entirely successful  it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
e  t  works because its flabbergasting principals  14yearold robert macnaughton  6yearold drew barrymore and 10yearold henry thomas  convince us of the existence of the wise  wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movies various victimized audience members after a while  but it also happens to be the movies most admirable quality .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie  it is about irrational  unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves  so much that its forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
defies logic  the laws of physics and almost anyones willingness to believe in it  but darned if it doesnt also keep us riveted to our seats .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his sons home after decades away .
writer and director otar iosselianis pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural  swimming gets the details right  from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach  s  c   to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
davis    gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbealstyle fantasy sequences .
its better to go in knowing full well whats going to happen  but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists  cynics need not apply .
funny  somber  absurd  and  finally  achingly sad  bartleby is a fine  understated piece of filmmaking .
red dragon  is entertaining  an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made  how could it not be  but it is entertaining on an inferior level  it is a popcorn film  not a mustown  or even a mustsee .
both flawed and delayed  martin scorceses gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
as any creaturefeature fan knows  when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures  you get a lot of running around  screaming and death  on that score  the film certainly doesnt disappoint .
as the movie traces mr  browns athletic exploits  it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
a moving and solidly entertaining comedydrama that should bolster director and cowriter juan jos campanellas reputation in the united states .
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances  the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
beautifully shot  delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances  its a lyrical endeavour .
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
informative  intriguing  observant  often touching    gives a human face to whats often discussed in purely abstract terms .
once the true impact of the day unfolds  the power of this movie is undeniable .
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship  love  and the truth that were all in this together .
the films intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge thats opened between them .
its the perfect star vehicle for grant  allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling  tonguetied screen persona .
gaunt  silverhaired and leonine  harris brings a tragic dimension and savage fullbodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a bad police shooting .
its been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies  but also how they sometimes still can be made .
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people  relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message  i loved this film .
it provides a grim  upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1  2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .
clint eastwoods blood work is a lot like a wellmade pb j sandwich  familiar  fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
a movie that will surely be profane  politically charged music to the ears of chos fans .
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
jacquots strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances    while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
quitting delivers a suckerpunch  and its impact is all the greater beause director zhangs last film  the cuddly shower  was a nonthreatening multicharacter piece centered around a public bath house .
by not averting his eyes  solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable  the unacceptable  the unmentionable .
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities  but its the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romaneks selfconscious scrutiny to happen  that finally get under your skin .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music  theyll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman  who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story  but who can also negotiate the movies darker turns .
rock solid family fun out of the gates  extremely imaginative through out  but wanes in the middle .
the yayas have many secrets and one is  the books are better  translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be yaya .
i liked about schmidt a lot  but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry  tonto never existed .
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warmblooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizensespecially the a   holes .
that storytelling has value cannot be denied  not even solondzs thirst for controversy  sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
once the downward spiral comes to pass  auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera .
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
a rich tale of our times  very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
the characters are complex and quirky  but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
in all fairness  i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed  fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
as gory as the scenes of torture and selfmutilation may be  they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .
gorgeous scenes  masterful performances  but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmets mouth .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background  a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
its usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them  but olympia  wash   based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and its what makes their project so interesting .
a memorable experience that  like many of his works  presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity  with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrmans posthumously published cult novel .
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo  it is not what you see  it is what you think you see .
a thoughtprovoking look at how western foreign policy  however well intentioned  can wreak havoc in other cultures .
asks what truth can be discerned from nonfirsthand experience  and specifically questions cinemas capability for recording truth .
the tale of her passionate  tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sands masculine persona  with its love of life and beauty  takes form .
if you want to see a train wreck that you cant look away from  then look no further  because here it is .
theres so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story  mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters suffering .
at its worst the screenplay is callow  but at its best it is a young artists thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
a worthwhile documentary  whether youre into rap or not  even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
fessendens narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made  but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
the concert footage is stirring  the recording sessions are intriguing  and  on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity  this quality band may pick up new admirers .
theres quite a bit of heart  as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
enjoyably dumb  sweet  and intermittently hilarious  if youve a taste for the quirky  steal a glimpse .
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like youve actually spent time living in another community .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrols most intense psychological mysteries .
perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian  not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic  still  not every lowbudget movie must be quirky or bleak  and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex  generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy  resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
a fascinating  bombshell documentary that should shame americans  regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger  should be required viewing for civics classes and wouldbe public servants alike .
adaptations success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
its no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances  from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture  the journey doesnt really go anywhere .
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did  with a serious minded patience  respect and affection .
its an oftencute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
what makes this film special is serrys ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
its quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his  so perfect for a ballplayer .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus  if the lines work  the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
you really have to salute writerdirector haneke  he adapted elfriede jelineks novel  for making a film that isnt nearly as graphic but much more powerful  brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
the paradisos rustedout ruin and ultimate collapse during the films final  restored  thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic  sometimes shorter is better .
phillip noyce and all of his actors  as well as his cinematographer  christopher doyle  understand the delicate forcefulness of greenes prose  and its there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
the film just might turn on many people to opera  in general  an art form at once visceral and spiritual  wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty  and as emotionally grand as life .
the huskies are beautiful  the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
whatever complaints i might have  id take its earnest errors and hardwon rewards over the bombastic selfglorification of other feelgood fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperors club any time .
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural  why didnt hollywood think of this sooner .
like kubrick  soderbergh isnt afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite  friends will be friends through thick and thin .
if the film has a problem  its shortness disappoints  you want the story to go on and on .
unlike most anime  whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes  metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle  the first half of gangster no  1 drips with style and  at times  blood .
like its new england characters  most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial  the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business  striking deep chords of sadness .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand  and theyve told a nice little story in the process .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others  65yearold jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that hes now  more than ever  choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
is there a deeper  more direct connection between these women  one that spans time and reveals meaning  you bet there is and its what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
real women may have many agendas  but it also will win you over  in a big way .
young everlyn sampi  as the courageous molly craig  simply radiates starpower potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
apart from its own considerable achievement  metropolis confirms tezukas status as both the primary visual influence on the anim tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
ill put it this way  if youre in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish  this is the movie for you .
welldone supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of home   delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
its refreshing to see a movie that embraces its oldfashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
wiseman is patient and uncompromising  letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
theres none of the happilyever after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage  and thats part of what makes dover kosashvilis outstanding feature debut so potent .
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid  convincing performances from a fine cast  and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace  occasionally using an omniscient voiceover narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her oneroom world for a while .
even if you have no interest in the ganginfested  eastvs  west coast rap wars  this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
nairs attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place  while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered careerbest performances .
berrys saucy  fullbodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick  making  die another day  one of the most entertaining bonds in years .
red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal  and less emotionally affecting than silence  but  like silence  its a movie that gets under your skin .
a creepy  intermittently powerful study of a selfdestructive man    about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other  just as their characters do in the film  what results is the best performance from either in years .
the cast is topnotch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
all the actors are good in pauline  paulette but van der groen  described as belgiums national treasure   is especially terrific as pauline .
miyazaki has created such a vibrant  colorful world  its almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they dont have  and how this gets us in trouble  but even while his characters are acting horribly  he is always sympathetic .
whether or not you buy mr  broomfields findings  the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight  pale mr  broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore samesex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
an eerily suspenseful  deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid scifi thriller .
ive never seen or heard anything quite like this film  and i recommend it for its originality alone .
the direction has a fluid  nononsense authority  and the performances by harris  phifer and camron seal the deal .
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
its the type of film about growing up that we dont see often enough these days  realistic  urgent  and not sugarcoated in the least .
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
its full of cheesy dialogue  but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early 80s .
im sure mainstream audiences will be baffled  but  for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway  the hours represents two of those well spent .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca  roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi  and ruggero as the villainous  lecherous police chief scarpia  all sing beautifully and act adequately .
while there are times when the films reach exceeds its grasp  the production works more often than it doesnt .
while scorseses bold images and generally smart casting ensure that  gangs  is never lethargic  the movie is hindered by a central plot thats peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
watching this gentle  mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time  you barely realize your mind is being blown .
transcends its agenda to deliver aweinspiring  at times sublime  visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derringdo puts the x into the games .
think of it as gidget  only with muscles and a lot more smarts  but just as endearing and easy to watch .
there is no solace here  no entertainment value  merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun  but the talented cast alone will keep you watching  as will the fight scenes .
drug abuse  infidelity and death arent usually comedy fare  but turpins film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional  even predictable remake  nolans penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends  it  stimulating depth .
efteriades gives the neighborhood  scenery  vibe and all  the cinematic equivalent of a big  tender hug .
this is a nicely handled affair  a film about human darkness but etched with a light  yet unsentimental  touch .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies end youll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
a raunchy and frequently hilarious followup to the gifted korean american standups im the one that i want .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut  this is the ultimate movie experience  its informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
while parker and cowriter catherine di napoli are faithful to melvilles plotline  they and a fully engaged supporting cast    have made the old boys characters more quickwitted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
there are flaws  but also stretches of impact and moments of awe  were wrapped up in the characters  how they make their choices  and why .
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz  spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
a cultureclash comedy that  in addition to being very funny  captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
shattering  devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral  extraordinary debut from josh koury .
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to antisemitism and neofascism .
for those who are intrigued by politics of the 70s  the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
all right  so its not a brilliant piece of filmmaking  but it is a funny  sometimes hilarious  comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself  a playful spirit and a game cast .
the quirky and recessive charms of costars martin donovan and marylouise parker help overcome the problematic script .
its good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
you just know something terrible is going to happen  but when it does  youre entirely unprepared .
its fun  wispy  wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
a jewish ww ii doc that isnt trying simply to outshock  outoutrage or outdepress its potential audience  who knew .
it wont hold up over the long haul  but in the moment  finchs tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
hits every cliche weve come to expect  including the assumption that  crazy  people are innocent  childlike and inherently funny .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film  not everyone will play the dark  challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
you may be captivated  as i was  by its moods  and by its subtly transformed star  and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
there is no substitute for onscreen chemistry  and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia  the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
a mix of gritty realism  crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
after watching it  you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but nononsense human beings they are and for the stillinestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
in his u  s  debut  mr  schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
ultimate x is a ride  basically the kind of greatesthits reel that might come with a subscription to espn the magazine .
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword  jiang wens devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gutwrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
offers a cleareyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
a winning comedy with its wry observations about longlived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes  which fly by so fast theres no time to think about them anyway .
lohman adapts to the changes required of her  but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects .
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick   orange county  is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
for a movie audience  the hours doesnt connect in a neat way  but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex  duty and love .
graas s interaes entre seus personagens  o filme tornase no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio  mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens .
affirms the gifts of all involved  starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players  oncamera and off  that he brings together .
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity  mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
makes one thing abundantly clear  american musical comedy as we know it wouldnt exist without the precedent of yiddish theater  whose jolly  funforfunssake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .
if anything  the film is doing something of a public service  shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat  changing lanes is also a film of freshness  imagination and insight .
pan nalins exposition is beautiful and mysterious  and the interviews that follow  with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice  are as subtle and as enigmatic .
the mood  look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
its crafty  energetic and smart  the kid is sort of like a fourteenyear old ferris bueller .
a work of extraordinary journalism  but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10course banquet .
sometimes this blood seems as tired as its protagonist    still  the pulse never disappears entirely  and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
the strippeddown dramatic constructs  austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics  obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
dogtown and zboys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become  the punk kids revolution .
plenty of warmth to go around  with music and laughter and the love of family .
danny huston gives  an astounding performance that deftly  gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpents smirk .
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole  both visually and thematically  through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
a funny and wellcontructed black comedy where the old adage  be careful what you wish for  is given a full workout .
the film is reasonably entertaining  though it begins to drag twothirds through  when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
a different movie  sometimes tedious  by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
williams plays sy  another of his openfaced  smiling madmen  like the killer in insomnia  he does this so well you dont have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
twist open the ouzo  its time to let your hair down  greek style  a vibrant whirlwind of love  family and all that goes with it  my big fat greek wedding is a nonstop funny feast of warmth  colour and cringe .
broomfield is energized by volletta wallaces maternal fury  her fearlessness  and because of that  his film crackles .
while it has definite weaknesses  like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending  this 60s caper film is a riveting  brisk delight .
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790s  one imagines the result would look like something like this .
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundaryhopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese cultural revolution .
as part of mr  dongs continuing exploration of homosexuality in america  family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
most consumers of lo mein and general tsos chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it  so  hopefully  this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
hatosy    portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety  not to mention a convincing brogue .
the filmmakers eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls environment .
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment  spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12yearold instead of a grown man .
thanks to the chteaus balance of whimsicality  narrative discipline and serious improvisation  almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
fresh and raw like a blownout vein  narc takes a walkingdead  copflick subgenre and beats new life into it .
its a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told  with superb performances throughout .
youll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness  but the point is  youll laugh .
a sexy  surprising romance    idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair    their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well  everything is delivered with such conviction that its hard not to be carried away .
whereas oliver stones conspiracy thriller jfk was long  intricate  starstudded and visually flashy  interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
triple x is a double agent  and hes one bad dude  when youve got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation  it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love  racial tension  and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
it aint art  by a long shot  but unlike last years lame musketeer  this dumas adaptation entertains .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
theres enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
secretary manages a neat trick  bundling the flowers of perversity  comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
judith and zazas extended bedroom sequence    is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically selfrevealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
as i settled into my world war ii memories  i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
the overall effect is awe and affection  and a strange urge to get on a board and  uh  shred  dude .
its that rare family movie  genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony  and george ratliffs documentary  hell house  reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film .
confessions may not be a straightforward bio  nor does it offer much in the way of barris motivations  but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
a special kind of movie  this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento .
simple  poignant and leavened with humor  its a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
together  miller  kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate  intimate and intelligent journey .
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck  who makes martha enormously endearing .
with notorious c  h  o  cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor  carlin and murphy .
watching war photographer  you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
some may choose to interpret the films end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
though it runs 163 minutes  safe conduct is anything but languorous  its packed to bursting with incident  and with scores of characters  some fictional  some from history .
a much better documentary  more revealing  more emotional and more surprising  than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
notwithstanding my problem with the movies final half hour  im going to recommend secretary  based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal  and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl .
a wellcrafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think its in danger of going wrong .
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as a perfect family film   because its about family .
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semistable ground dramatically  this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest  crowdpleasing goals it sets for itself .
a movie thats just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guiltypleasure  sobaditsfunny level .
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure  a stalker thriller  and a condensed season of tvs big brother .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely  tongueincheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
this odd  distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires  and comes up with a kind of arthouse gay porn film .
a photographic marvel of sorts  and its certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
its soulful and unslick  and thats apparently just what aniston has always needed to grow into a movie career .
although olivier assayas elegantly appointed period drama seems  at times  padded with incident in the way of a tooconscientious adaptation    its threehour running time plays closer to two .
a jawdroppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry  which will please eastwoods loyal fans  and suits the story  wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliams subconscious  pressed through kafkas meat grinder and into buuels casings .
like a child with an important message to tell    skins faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
the ring is worth a look  if you dont demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding  emotional  rockylike moments    but its such a warm and charming package that youll feel too happy to argue much .
armed with a game supporting cast  from the pitchperfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy  like mike shoots and scores  doing its namesake proud .
a decentenough nailbiter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
after an uncertain start  murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullocks memorable first interrogation of gosling .
a bit of a downer and a little overdramatic at times  but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber  its an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy  but its worth it  even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called the gift of tears .
better than the tepid star trek  insurrection  falls short of first contact because the villain couldnt pick the lint off borg queen alice kriges cape  and finishes half a parsec  a nose  ahead of generations .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated  depending upon where you live   ignorant fairies is still quite goodnatured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
a thriller with an edge  which is to say that it doesnt follow the stale  standard  connectthedots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
me without you  is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical  the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
though frodos quest remains unfulfilled  a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
pure cinematic intoxication  a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama  tastelessness and swooning elegance .
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented  and based on three short films and two features  heres betting her third feature will be something to behold .
i was impressed by how many titfortat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an americanrussian armageddon .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry  their sexual and romantic tension  while never really vocalized  is palpable .
with one exception  every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like its a big  comforting jar of marmite  to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
wickedly funny  visually engrossing  never boring  this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
a chronicle not only of one mans quest to be president  but of how that man singlehandedly turned a plane full of hardbitten  cynical journalists into what was essentially  by campaigns end  an extended publicity department .
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes  wendigo  larry fessendens spooky new thriller  is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
collateral damage is trash  but it earns extra points by acting as if it werent .
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle  though somewhat less hardhitting at the start and finish .
maybe it is formula filmmaking  but theres nothing wrong with that if the film is wellcrafted and this one is .
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly largerthanlife character .
a lot of the credit for the films winning tone must go to grant  who hasnt lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
exploits headbanger stereotypes in good fun  while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist  yet its potentially just as rewarding .
ratliffs two previous titles  plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry  contentious configurations  and this film is part of that delicate canon .
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathosfilled but ultimately lifeaffirming finale  martin is a masterfully conducted work .
passions  obsessions  and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits  lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope  yet in its own aloof  unreachable way its so fascinating you wont be able to look away for a second .
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool  this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games  wire fu  horror movies  mystery  james bond  wrestling  scifi and anime into one big bloody stew .
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral  schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
k19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories  but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia .
a glib but bouncy bit of sixtiesstyle slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
you dont need to be a hiphop fan to appreciate scratch  and thats the mark of a documentary that works .
combines improbable melodrama  gored bullfighters  comatose ballerinas  with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements  and yet at the end  we are undeniably touched .
if you can get past the taboo subject matter  it will be well worth your time .
a lovely film    elegant  witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic    hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its sources complexity .
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be  and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field  and im all for that .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting chops and they take full advantage .
auto focus is not your standard hollywood biopic  schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one mans downfall  brought about by his lack of selfawareness .
the bourne identity shouldnt be half as entertaining as it is  but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boombam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
for veggietales fans  this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus  if youre not a fan  it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
remove spiderman the movie from its red herring surroundings and its apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
the whole mildly pleasant outing  the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse  remains aloft not on its own selfreferential hot air  but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
a gorgeously strange movie  heaven is deeply concerned with morality  but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
the emperors club  ruthless in its own placid way  finds one of our most conservative and hidebound moviemaking traditions and gives it new texture  new relevance  new reality .
its truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter  but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity  ozpetek falls short in showing us antonias true emotions    but at the very least  his secret life will leave you thinking .
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how  in the flipflop of courtship  we often reel in when we should be playing out .
the message of such reflectionsintentional or notis that while no art grows from a vacuum  many artists exist in one .
gooding is the energetic frontman  and its hard to resist his enthusiasm  even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
the otherwise goodnaturedness of mr  deeds  with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less thanlikely new york celebrities    certainly raises the film above anything sandlers been attached to before .
see it now  before the inevitable hollywood remake flattens out all its odd  intriguing wrinkles .
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wildes classic satire .
its bright  pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
in the long  dishonorable history of quickie teenpop exploitation  like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
bravo for history rewritten  and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
lead actress ga  she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile  is a towering siren .
a light  yet engrossing piece  lux  now in her eighties  does a great combination act as narrator  jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography  part entertainment and part history .
its a setup so easy it borders on facile  but keeping the film from cheapshot mediocrity is its crack cast .
a time machine  a journey back to your childhood  when cares melted away in the dark theater  and films had the ability to mesmerize  astonish and entertain .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out  and at other times outside looking in .
its as raw and actionpacked an experience as a ringside seat at a toughman contest .
evokes the frustration  the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up  without relying on the usual tropes .
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
astonishingly skillful and moving    it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
the year 2002 has conjured up more comingofage stories than seem possible  but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
although it doesnt always hang together  violence and whimsy dont combine easily   cherish  certainly isnt dull .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions  as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
time is a beautiful film to watch  an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation  its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better films ability to make its subject interesting to those who arent part of its supposed target audience  judging by those standards  scratch is a pretty decent little documentary .
the film is stark  straightforward and deadly    an unnatural calm thats occasionally shaken by    blasts of rage  and later  violent jealousy .
unfolds in a lowkey  organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen  the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
the heat of the moment prevails  it cooks conduct in a low  smoky and inviting sizzle .
denis forges out of the theories of class based rage and sisterly obsession a razorsided tuning fork that rings with cultural  sexual and social discord .
the stars may be college kids  but the subject matter is as adult as you can get  the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed  overtly determined young woman and a onenight swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
by turns touching  raucously amusing  uncomfortable  and  yes  even sexy  never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
if you havent seen the film lately  you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielbergs work  much of it is funny  but there are also some startling  surrealistic moments .
the digital effects reminded me of terry gilliams rudimentary old monty python cartoons  in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
canadas arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels  including the physical demands made on bttner  and it implies in its wake the intractable  irreversible flow of history .
the films messages of tolerance and diversity arent particularly original  but one cant help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem  theres a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
a conventional  but wellcrafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a mans right to raise his own children .
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
an uncomfortable movie  suffocating and sometimes almost senseless  the grey zone does have a center  though a morbid one .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are  and how to push them .
one of the best films i have ever seen  constantly pulling the rug from underneath us  seeing things from new sides  plunging deeper  getting more intense .
anyone whos ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy  repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved  these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
its a tour de force  written and directed so quietly that its implosion rather than explosion you fear .
it may not be history  but then again  what if it is   but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies ive had in a while .
if  lilo  stitch  isnt the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen  then this first film to use a watercolor background since  dumbo  certainly ranks as the most original in years .
this may be dover kosashvilis feature directing debut  but it looks an awful lot like life  gritty  awkward and ironic .
this readymade midnight movie probably wont stand the cold light of day  but under the right conditions  its goofy  if not entirely wholesome  fun .
see scratch for the history  see scratch for the music  see scratch for a lesson in scratching  but  most of all  see it for the passion .
even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director  it doesnt make for completely empty entertainment .
but even with the twowrongsmakearight chemistry between jolie and burns    this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
talk to her is so darned assured  we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way  and yet its hard to stop watching .
starproducer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular characters paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
confessions isnt always coherent  but its sharply comic and surprisingly touching  so hold the gong .
while guzmn frustratingly refuses to give pinochets crimes a political context  his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
a story  an old and scary one  about the monsters we make  and the vengeance they take .
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark  but that doesnt mean you wont like looking at it .
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people  the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk  with little to show for their labor  living harmoniously  joined in song .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leones flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
not a bad choice here  assuming that    the airconditioning in the theater is working properly .
a fine effort  an interesting topic  some intriguing characters and a sad ending  certainly the big finish wasnt something galinsky and hawley could have planned for    but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
it must be the end of the world  the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes .
while the last metro was more melodramatic  confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions  while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting  inventive screenplay  mesmerizing music  and many inimitable scenes of tenderness  loss  discontent  and yearning .
return to never land is reliable  standard disney animated fare  with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form  youll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks face than his wife is .
like a tarantino movie with heart  alias betty is richly detailed  deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
divertida  enternecedora  universal y profundamente sincera  es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo  una verdadera delicia .
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy .
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
the sweetest thing  a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies  may be a mess in a lot of ways  but it does have one saving grace  a lot of its gags and observations reflect a womans pointofview .
this is lightweight filmmaking  to be sure  but its pleasant enough  and oozing with attractive men .
fans of critics darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky  always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
goslings combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex  unpredictable character .
its a cool event for the whole family  maybe not a classic  but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
a typically observant  carefully nuanced and intimate french comingofage film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
a moving and weighty depiction of one familys attempts to heal after the death of a child .
i dont think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version  but i do .
a zingerfilled crowdpleaser that openminded elvis fans  but by no means all  will have fun with .
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
terrific as nadia  a russian mailorder bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english  its kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity  everett remains a perfect wildean actor  and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
the rerelease of ron howards apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really  really  really good things can come in enormous packages .
its pretty linear and only makeupdeep  but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string  were drawn in by the dark luster .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899  cinematic poetry showcases the citys oldworld charm before machines change nearly everything .
its hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon  dustin hoffman and holly hunter  yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
one of the best rock documentaries ever  wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
offers big  fat  dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in  ah  what the hell .
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones  guns  and the internal combustion engine  but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
while obviously aimed at kids  the country bears    should keep parents amused with its low groantoguffaw ratio .
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other  something for everyone .
irwin is so earnest that its hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs  there are far worse messages to teach a young audience  which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face thats simultaneously painful and refreshing .
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous  pervasive  and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso  whether the original version or new directors cut .
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichs and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
its one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing  and unprecedented  construction project going on over our heads  its quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
contradicts everything weve come to expect from movies nowadays  instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way  secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format  in a word  no .
murderous maids has a lot going for it  not least the brilliant performances by testud    and parmentier .
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesnt always jell with sean penns monotone narration  but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
there are a couple of things that elevate  glory  above most of its ilk  most notably the mere presence of duvall .
its light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness  and there are moments of jawdroppingly odd behavior  yet i found it weirdly appealing .
rises  above its ohsohollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good oldfashioned escapism .
leaping from one arresting image to another  songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling  amusing and unsettling at the same time .
its a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
for all its plot twists  and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down  blood work is a strong  characteroriented piece .
the story line may be 127 years old  but el crimen del padre amaro    couldnt be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
this indepth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
it shows us a slice of life thats very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
leave it to john sayles to take on developers  the chamber of commerce  tourism  historical pageants  and commercialism all in the same movie    without neglecting character development for even one minute .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the alltime great apocalypse movies .
payne has created a beautiful canvas  and nicholson proves once again that hes the best brush in the business .
try as you might to resist  if youve got a place in your heart for smokey robinson  this movie will worm its way there .
a riveting profile of law enforcement  and a visceral  nasty journey into an urban hades .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker  or  really  to be a human being  in the weeks after 911 .
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows  but hey arnold  the movie is clever  offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
with not a lot of help from the screenplay  proficient  but singularly cursory   testud acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .
its a film thats destined to win a wide summer audience through wordofmouth reviews and  not far down the line  to find a place among the studios animated classics .
slow and ponderous  but rohmers drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion  sacrifice  and christian love in the face of political corruption .
if youre not totally weirded out by the notion of cinema as communitytherapy spectacle  quitting hits home with disorienting force .
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny  the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs  it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and humanscale characters that suck the audience in .
a canny  derivative  wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath whos the scariest of sadists .
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
as if trying to grab a lump of playdoh  the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story  the more details slip out between his fingers .
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year  its also a  dare i say it twice  delightfully charming  and totally american  i might add  slice of comedic bliss .
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury  and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitts cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
another love story in 2002s remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
its another retelling of alexandre dumas classic  why  who knows  but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
from the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative  the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement  but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
provides the kind of laugh therapy i need from movie comedies  offbeat humor  amusing characters  and a happy ending  after seeing analyze that   i feel better already .
this isnt a retooled genre piece  the tale of a guy and his gun  but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking  but its power comes from its soulseye view of how wellmeaning patronizing masked a social injustice  at least as represented by this case .
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar  every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn  to grow  to travel .
the film is a hoot  and is just as good  if not better than much of whats on saturday morning tv especially the pseudoeducational stuff we all cant stand .
george clooney  in his first directorial effort  presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative  energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
even when it drags  we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking .
a lifesize reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers  its a taunt a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that  by the time the credits roll across the pat ending  a warm  fuzzy feeling prevails .
in no way original  or even all that memorable  but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy  it doesnt disappoint .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs  slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of selfexpression .
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen  runteldat is something of a triumph .
moores better at fingering problems than finding solutions  but though he only scratches the surface  at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why  after only three films  directorcowriter jacques audiard  though little known in this country  belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
in his debut as a director  washington has a sure hand  his work with actors is particularly impressive .
a generous  inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
like its predecessor  its no classic  but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption  one that families looking for a clean  kidfriendly outing should investigate .
campanella gets the tone just right  funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
effective in all its aspects  margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late  filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow  some impudent snickers  and a glorious dose of humankinds liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
standing by yourself is haunting    its what punk rock music used to be  and what the video medium could use more of  spirit  perception  conviction .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results  last dance  whatever its flaws  fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether  in this case  thats true .
the films constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled  but  in trying to capture the novels deeper intimate resonances  the film has  ironically  distanced us from the characters .
its about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest  but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
while not quite a comedy  the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer  and is never less than engaging .
your response to its new sequel  analyze that  may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame  making it one of the best war movies ever made  its a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing cant possibly be enough .
in the new release of cinema paradiso  the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet  and when the tears come during that final  beautiful scene  they finally feel absolutely earned .
faithful without being forceful  sad without being shrill   a walk to remember  succeeds through sincerity .
the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization  marred only by an inexplicable  utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
the movie is well crafted  and well executed  if youre paying attention  the  big twists  are pretty easy to guess  but that doesnt make the movie any less entertaining .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
pray doesnt have a passion for the material  he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
its anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable motherdaughter pair .
fathers and sons  and the uneasy bonds between them  rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
last orders nurtures the multilayers of its characters  allowing us to remember that lifes ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced  its affecting  amusing  sad and reflective .
el peso de un lquido incoloro  el peso del lquido vital  del amor como elemento de vida  y de muerte .
writerdirector walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here  once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that  in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
it is a happy  heady jumble of thought and storytelling  an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
this new time machine is hardly perfect yet it proves surprisingly serviceable  even at its worst  its not halfbad .
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like  the addams family  to everyone looking in     my big fat greek wedding  comes from the heart .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop  they never wanted to leave  chances are you wont  either .
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices  but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible  that  in itself  is extraordinary .
if you can tolerate the redneckversusblueblood cliches that the film trades in  sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthys standup act .
its a treat watching shaw  a british stage icon  melting under the heat of phocions attentions .
all in all  an interesting look at the life of the campaigntrail press  especially ones that dont really care for the candidate theyre forced to follow .
narc is a nobull throwback to 1970s action films  it zips along with bmovie verve while adding the rich details and goforbroke acting that heralds something special .
me without you has a bracing truth thats refreshing after the phoniness of femalebonding pictures like divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood .
the result puts a human face on derrida  and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldnt care less .
if theres one big point to promises  its that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet  uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity ofemotional recovery .
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs  ideally capturing the operas drama and lyricism .
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
this is dicaprios best performance in anything ever  and easily the most watchable film of the year .
witherspoon puts to rest her valleygirl image  but its dench who really steals the show .
even when there are lulls  the emotions seem authentic  and the picture is so lovely toward the end    you almost dont notice the 129minute running time .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings  directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
when its not wallowing in hormonal melodrama   real women have curves  is a sweet  honest  and enjoyable comedydrama about a young woman who wants many things in life  but fears shell become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to  muccino either doesnt notice when his story ends or just cant tear himself away from the characters  but its smooth and professional .
this starts off with a 1950s doris day feel and it gets very ugly  very fast  the first five minutes will have you talking til the end of the year .
the movie has no respect for laws  political correctness or common decency  but it displays something more important  respect for its flawed  crazy people .
an undeniably gorgeous  terminally smitten document of a troubadour  his acolytes  and the triumph of his band .
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f  kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch  but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
there are laughs aplenty  and  as a bonus  viewers dont have to worry about being subjected to farts  urine  feces  semen  or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modernday comedies .
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truthtelling can open the door to liberation .
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes  but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two .
salma goes native and shes never been better in this colorful biopic of a mexican icon .
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the films city beginnings into its country conclusion .
despite lagging near the finish line  the movie runs a good race  one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
its a treat  a delightful  witty  improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
a savage john waterslike humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
its an interesting effort  particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts   and barrys coldfish act makes the experience worthwhile .
theyre just a couple of cops in copmovieland  these two  but in narc  they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
its a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
it has a caffeinated  sloppy brilliance  sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care  but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined gradegrubbers to shame .
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing  this is going to be something really good   and it is .
foster and whitaker are especially fine  she is a lioness  protecting her cub  and he a reluctant villain  incapable of controlling his crew .
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you dont want to be .
not only better than its predecessor  it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
though the story    is hackneyed  the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
although frailty fits into a classic genre  in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict  just like the movie does .
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of childrens television .
all comedy is subversive  but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
if a horror movies primary goal is to frighten and disturb  then they works spectacularly well    a shiverinducing  nerverattling ride .
a playful iranian parable about openness  particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
that alabama manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon  who is always a joy to watch  even when her material is not firstrate .
personal velocity has a nofrills docudogma plainness  yet miller lingers on invisible  nearly psychic nuances  leaping into digressions of memory and desire  she boxes these womens souls right open for us .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeares plays .
its a fine  oldfashionedmovie movie  which is to say its unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
flatout amusing  sometimes endearing and often fabulous  with a solid cast  noteworthy characters  delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you  he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
robert harmons lessismore approach delivers real bumpin thenight chills  his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the films thick shadows .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature  but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact  harmons daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone .
in auteils less dramatic but equally incisive performance  hes a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging  suffering and the prospect of death .
will you go ape over this movie  well  it probably wont have you swinging from the trees hooting its praises  but its definitely worth taking a look .
fontaines direction  especially her agreeably startling use of closeups and her grace with a moving camera  creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
the son of the brides humour is born out of an engaging storyline  which also isnt embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues  this movie is to be cherished .
p  t  anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality  creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas andersons magnolia and david lynchs mulholland dr .
schepisi  aided by a cast that seems to include every topnotch british actor who did not appear in gosford park  as well as one  ms  mirren  who did   has succeeded beyond all expectation .
lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y odos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos  miedos y prejuicios .
watching this film  one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens obsession with kissinger is  at bottom  a sophisticated flower childs desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
el ttulo no engaa  la pelcula narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentar cierta realidad  y donde el sexo es .
interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clsico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character  a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory  selfhating  selfdestructive ways .
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers  old schoolers and current innovators  scratch is great fun  full of the kind of energy its documenting .
got a david lynch jones  then youd do well to check this one out because its straight up twin peaks action .
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses  but nonetheless it drags during its 112minute length .
its hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when youve seen the remake first  many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity  yet are worthwhile .
the way the roundelay of partners functions  and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gatorbashing are consistently delightful .
land  people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
its mildly entertaining  especially if you find comfort in familiarity  but its hardly a necessary enterprise .
the quiet american isnt a bad film  its just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
as home movie gone haywire  its pretty enjoyable  but as sexual manifesto  id rather listen to old tori amos records .
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and egodestroying process of unemployment  time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
like an episode of mtvs undressed  with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance    indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
its not just a feelgood movie  its a feel movie  you feel good  you feel sad  you feel pissed off  but in the end  you feel alive  which is what they did .
its a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and selfconscious seams in places  but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
what makes barbershop so likable  with all its flaws  is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely  but with restraint  is a treat .
an example of quiet  confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet  charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
suspend your disbelief here and now  or youll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and selfdelusion of this most american of businesses  and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
directorwriter bille august    depicts this relationship with economical grace  letting his superb actors convey martins deterioration and barbaras sadness  and  occasionally  anger .
victor rosa is leguizamos best movie work so far  a subtle and richly internalized performance .
birthday girl doesnt try to surprise us with plot twists  but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
smart  funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty  justaboveaverage off broadway play .
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining  selfaggrandizing  politically motivated documentarymaking  and hes got as potent a topic as ever here .
about a boy vividly recalls the cary grant of room for one more  houseboat and father goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant  irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
none of this is meaningful or memorable  but frosting isnt  either  and you wouldnt turn down a big bowl of that  would you .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction  its flamelike  roiling blackandwhite inspires trembling and gratitude .
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky  but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
a fantastic premise anchors this movie  but what it needs is either a more rigid  blair witchstyle commitment to its mockumentary format  or a more straightforward  dramatic treatment  with all the grandiosity that that implies .
it understands  in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics  delivering a series of abrasive  stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewers memory .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
because the genre is well established  what makes the movie fresh is smart writing  skewed characters  and the title performance by kieran culkin .
white oleander   the movie  is akin to a readers digest condensed version of the source material .
its like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing exgirlfriend  you dont want to call the cops  you want to call dominos .
whats most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedydrama and its relaxed  naturalseeming actors .
the lowkey direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense  claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
that rare film whose reallife basis is  in fact  so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
this isnt a stand up and cheer flick  its a sit down and ponder affair  and thanks to klines superbly nuanced performance  that pondering is highly pleasurable .
originality aint on the menu  but theres never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
walter hills undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros  b picture  and i mean that as a compliment .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected  in fact  its quite fun in places .
with elements cribbed from langs metropolis  welles kane  and eisensteins potemkin  the true wonder of rintars metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
a biopic about cranes life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
thanks to a small star with big heart  this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
while the now 72yearold robert evans been slowed down by a stroke  he has at least one more story to tell  his own .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that  as in real life  were never sure how things will work out .
despite a quieter middle section  involving aragorns dreams of arwen  this is even better than the fellowship  there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
spiderman is in the same category as xmen  occasionally brilliant but mostly average  showing signs of potential for the sequels  but not giving us much this time around .
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avantgarde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed  joyous romp of a film .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson  who also served as executive producer  take his smooth  shrewd  powerful act abroad .
si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama  tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles  but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
its something of the ultimate scorsese film  with all the stomachturning violence  colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largestever historical canvas .
mr  caine and mr  fraser are the whole show here  with their memorable and resourceful performances .
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think its a tougher picture than it is .
russell makes good b movies  the mask  the blob   and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards .
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music  knows its freud and knows its sade .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and were touched by the films conviction that all life centered on that place  that time and that sport .
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the largescreen format  before swooping down on a string of exotic locales  scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
expect no major discoveries  nor any stylish sizzle  but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker  but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinskys diaries .
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity  it makes up for with a great  fiery passion .
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the directors previous popcorn work .
director nancy savocas nofrills record of a show forged in stillraw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 911 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
one thing you have to give them credit for  the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the companys previous video work .
halloween  resurrection isnt exactly quality cinema  but it isnt nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
as banal as the telling may be  and at times  all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch  the tale commands attention .
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows  but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because the leads are such a companionable couple .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams  however  robert rodriguez adorns his familyfilm plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
based on dave barrys popular book of the same name  the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters moves and overlapping story .
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
if youre content with a clever pseudobio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous directors life  eisenstein delivers .
this filmed tosca  not the first  by the way  is a pretty good job  if its filmed tosca that you want  ill stay with the stage versions  however  which bite cleaner  and deeper .
while the path may be familiar  firsttime director denzel washington and a topnotch cast manage to keep things interesting .
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just whos being conned right up to the finale .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes  but its no glance  its a headturner  thoughtfully written  beautifully read and  finally  deeply humanizing .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental  and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
barbershop  is a goodhearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film  a calm  selfassured portrait of small town regret  love  duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
i like this movie a lot  i like that smith  hes not making fun of these people  hes not laughing at them .
the implication is kissinger may have decided that  when it comes to truncheoning  its better to give than to receive .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america    sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown  a celebrated wonder in the spotlight .
for those of an indulgent  slightly sunbaked and summery mind  sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
what denis accomplishes in his chilling  unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic  suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings  and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
the rich performances by friel  and especially williams  an american actress who becomes fully english  round out the square edges .
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor  and when it does elect to head off in its own direction  it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
greengrass  working from don mullans script  forgoes the larger sociopolitical picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
whatever one makes of its political edge  this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinemas master craftsmen .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise  it does give you a peek  the main problem being that its only a peek .
roman polanskis autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than shindlers list  it is more than merely a holocaust movie .
romaneks themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals  beyond the cleverness  the weirdness and the pristine camerawork  one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to standup is to always make it look easy  even though the reality is anything but .
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage  using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
the audacity to view one of shakespeares better known tragedies as a dark comedy is  by itself  deserving of discussion .
this is an exercise in chilling style  and twohy films the sub  inside and out  with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
an uncomfortable experience  but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
hailed as a clever exercise in neohitchcockianism  this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
at the films centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his midseventies  michel piccoli .
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
with amazing finesse  the film shadows heidis trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother  mai thi kim  still lives .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the films music than to the story line  whats best about drumline is its energy .
has far more energy  wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a  2  at the end of its title .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat  tense with suspense  the ring never lets you off the hook .
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
its not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul    he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
this is a visually stunning rumination on love  memory  history and the war between art and commerce .
shortstory quaint  touchingly mending a childs pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
the tasteful little revision works wonders  enhancing the cultural and economic subtext  bringing richer meaning to the storys morals .
kosminsky    puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and selfconscious material to make it sting .
even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many  although in reality they are not enough  every childs story is what matters  this film can only point the way  but thank goodness for this signpost .
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year  but    also one of the most curiously depressing .
while somewhat less than it might have been  the film is a good one  and youve got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure  hes easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwas emergence as an articulate  grownup voice in africanamerican cinema .
with exquisite craftsmanship    olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
its rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the sons room .
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness  with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
leigh has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors  improvised over many months  and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
the ingenious construction  adapted by david hare from michael cunninghams novel  constantly flows forwards and back  weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism .
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
it is scotts convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
meyjes    has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
para hitler  o mundo era sua tela  e o horror  seu pincel  e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono  numa triste constatao da realidade histrica .
aside from rohmers bold choices regarding point of view  the lady and the duke represents the filmmakers lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
what dumb and dumber would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent  lifeaffirming script .
a vivid  thoughtful  unapologetically raw comingofage tale full of sex  drugs and rock n roll .
films are made of little moments  changing lanes tries for more  it doesnt reach them  but the effort is gratefully received .
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra  it finds a nice rhythm .
the story is a rather simplistic one  grief drives her  love drives him  and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place  it struck a chord in me .
a hard look at one mans occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention  a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
ramsay visually transforms the dreary expanse of deadend distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art  music and metaphor .
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances    keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
at its best  this is grandscale moviemaking for a largerthanlife figure  an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
possession   based on the book by a  s  byatt  demands that labute deal with the subject of love headon  trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit .
the plot of the comeback curlers isnt very interesting actually  but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows whats unique and quirky about canadians .
its a beautiful film  full of elaborate and twisted characters  and its also pretty funny .
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film .
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattans architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in baran .
with lesser talents  high crimes would be entertaining  but forgettable  with freeman and judd  ill at least remember their characters .
as a director  paxton is surprisingly brilliant  deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing headtrip .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders  but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story .
a comingofage film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type  the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
the faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of v  s  naipauls novel  but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
a distinguished and thoughtful film  marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
barry convinces us hes a dangerous  secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
takes you by the face  strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you  slow down  shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy  distracted rhythms .
i dont feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served  even if its a dish thats best served cold .
its a smart  solid  kineticallycharged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn  nothing overly original  mind you  but solidly entertaining .
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie  its a wellwritten and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
borrows a bit from the classics  wait until dark  and  extremities     but in terms of its style  the movie is in a class by itself .
because eight legged freaks is partly an homage to them  tarantula and other low budget bmovie thrillers of the 1950s and 60s  the movie is a silly  but not sophomoric  romp through horror and hellish conditions .
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the alltoofamiliar saga of the contemporary single woman .
if you grew up on scooby  youll love this movie  matthew lillard is born to play shaggy .
though filmed partly in canada  paid in full has clever ways of capturing innercity life during the reagan years .
spiderman is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer  and hopefully  sets the tone for a summer of good stuff  if youre a comic fan  you cant miss it  if youre not  youll still have a good time .
this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one  but its not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
in a summer of clones  harvard man is something rare and riveting  a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
while the humor is recognizably plympton  he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
jolting into charleston rhythms  the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent  accurate  who cares .
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments   frailty  leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trashcinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
for the most part  it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
this is not chabrols best  but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera  this oscarnominated documentary takes you there .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girlmeetsgirl love story  but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allens romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
its the kind of movie that  aside from robert altman  spike lee  the coen brothers and a few others  our moviemakers dont make often enough .
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful  but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister  karen sprecher  dont seem ever to run out of ideas .
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidts  no matter if its viewed as a selfreflection or cautionary tale .
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
some people want the ol ballandchain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
at its best  and it does have some very funny sequences  looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
as improbable as this premise may seem  abbasss understated  shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level  lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but cant afford the 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible  irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
it may sound like a mere diseaseof theweek tv movie  but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of reallife spouses seldahl and wollter .
sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community  the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guiltypleasure  daytimedrama sort of fashion .
every once in a while  a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most  the fanboy .
the tonal shifts are jolting  and though wens messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered  more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
chicago pode at ser um filme divertido e cativante  como    mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direo contrria  evoluo dos musicais .
as commanderinchief of this film  bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
with wit and empathy to spare  waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters striving solipsism .
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg  who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
the kind of sweetandsour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
with bowling for columbine   michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns  violence  and fear .
none of his actors stand out  but thats less of a problem here than it would be in another film  characterization matters less than atmosphere .
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv  they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional carwreck .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly  and if the suspense never rises to a higher level  it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
although what time offers tsais usual style and themes  it has a more colorful  more playful tone than his other films .
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs  it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity  overnight  is robbed and replaced with a persecuted  other .
the actors are simply too good  and the story too intriguing  for technical flaws to get in the way .
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote  and cannier doppelganger  to diesels xxx flexathon .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women  it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
its a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill  naomi watts is terrific as rachel  her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time  death  eternity  and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
with dickens words and writerdirector douglas mcgraths eventoned direction  a ripping good yarn is told .
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and timeconsuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
a mustsee for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
i found myself liking the film  though in this case one mans treasure could prove to be another mans garbage .
rogerss mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
its all entertaining enough  but dont look for any hefty antiestablishment message in what is essentially a whipcrack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
nicholsons understated performance is wonderful  as warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences hes neglected over the years .
despite its oldhat setup and predictable plot  empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
its not a classic spyaction or buddy movie  but its entertaining enough and worth a look .
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
a rare movie that makes us reassess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
all three actresses are simply dazzling  particularly balk  whos finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas wounded and wounding uncle ralph  its a great performance and a reminder of dickens grandeur .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare  right down to the populations shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
a compassionate  moving portrait of an american  and an america  always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome  and it sees those relationships  including that between the son and his wife  and the wife and the father  and between the two brothers  with incredible subtlety and acumen .
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
rodriguez has the chops of a smartaleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid .
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship  but the film works in spite of it .
its no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller  a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
the director  mark pellington  does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister  menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights  a rattling noise  and a bump on the head .
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss delicate  clever direction    and a wonderful  imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average students selfesteem  and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie  balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
combines sharp comedy  oldfashioned monster movie atmospherics  and genuine heart to create a film thats not merely about kicking undead     but also about dealing with regret and  ultimately  finding redemption .
while most films these days are about nothing  this film seems to be about everything thats plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency  the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers  but darned if your toes wont still be tapping .
take any 12yearold boy to see this picture  and hell be your slave for a year .
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster  its about a very human one .
at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions  but this kind of material is more effective on stage  its not a motion picture  its an utterly static picture .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film  whats left is a rich stew of longing .
its the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summers most pleasurable movies .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai mingliang  which is good news to anyone whos fallen under the sweet  melancholy spell of this unique directors previous films .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples  and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world  offering a case study that exists apart from all the movies political ramifications .
best of all is garcia  who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
the filmmakers try to balance pointed  often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness  with results that are sometimes bracing  sometimes baffling and quite often  and in unexpected ways  touching .
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss  rejection by ones mother .
often overwrought and at times positively irritating  the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
humorous and heartfelt  douglas mcgraths version of nicholas nickleby left me feeling refreshed and hopeful  not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
this is so de palma  if you love him  youll like it  if you dont    well  skip to another review .
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin  at 18 or 80 .
o ltimo suspeito ganha fora ao tambm funcionar em uma esfera adicional  a do drama familiar .
the movie enters a realm where few nonporn films venture  and comes across as darkly funny  energetic  and surprisingly gentle .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events  the film works  mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
its not going to be everyones bag of popcorn  but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you .
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
hayek throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teethclenching gusto  she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo .
you could love safe conduct  laissez passer  for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long  you could hate it for the same reason .
with we were soldiers  hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop  a provocateur crashing into ideas and specialinterest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a blackowned record label with a whiteempowered police force .
at just over an hour  home movie will leave you wanting more  not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
stuarts poorme persona needs a whole bunch of snowballs cynicism to cut through the sugar coating  but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan  the adventure is on red alert .
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of  iris  or  american beauty   but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
if you love the music  and i do  its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary .
nakatas technique is to imply terror by suggestion  rather than the overuse of special effects .
13 conversations about one thing  is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
satin rouge is not a new  or inventive  journey  but its encouraging to see a threedimensional  average  middleaged womans experience of selfdiscovery handled with such sensitivity .
though an important political documentary  this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
cannons confidence and laidback good spirits are  with the drumming routines  among the films saving graces .
in its understanding  often funny way  it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
a fiercely clever and subtle film  capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
ok arthouse  the power of this script  and the performances that come with it  is that the whole damned thing didnt get our moral hackles up .
the movie itself is far from disappointing  offering an original take on courtroom movies  a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another firstrate performance by topbilled star bruce willis .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year  if youre not deeply touched by this movie  check your pulse .
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new  fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis  and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
filmmakers dana janklowiczmann and amir mann area headed east  far east  in retelling a historically significant  and personal  episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the worlds democracie .
for all its problems    the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring    which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
the film is saved from arentkidscute sentimentality by a warmth that isnt faked and a stately sense of composition .
sorvino is delightful in the central role  she nearly glows with enthusiasm  sensuality and a conniving wit .
its immensely ambitious  different than anything thats been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what its trying to do .
great performances  stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no  1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
mr  deeds  is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
its an ambitious film  and as with all ambitious films  it has some problems  but on the whole  youre gonna like this movie .
this is an extraordinary film  not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes  it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people  a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
theres just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford parks .
theres nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity thats packed with just as much intelligence as action .
beautifully crafted  engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic  twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwedup man who dared to mess with some powerful people  seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds  it doesnt flinch from its unsettling prognosis  namely  that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
for most of its footage  the new thriller proves that director m  night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp  shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
this is not an easy film  but it could be  by its art and heart  a necessary one .
impossible as it may sound  this films heart is even more embracing than monty  if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
despite the predictable parent vs  child comingofage theme  firstclass  natural acting and a look at  the real americans  make this a charmer .
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory  even if its far tamer than advertised .
one of recent memorys most thoughtful films about art  ethics  and the cost of moral compromise .
the film doesnt sustain its initial promise with a jarring  newagey tone creeping into the second half .
blade ii is as estrogenfree as movies get  so you might want to leave your date behind for this one  or shes gonna make you feel like you owe her bigtime .
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles  whether they be of nature  of man or of one another .
many a parent and their teen  or preteen  kid could bond while watching a walk to remember  so could young romantics out on a date .
all leather pants  augmented boobs  hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the funloving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative  handbagclutching sarandon .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might  thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible  its very beavis and butthead  yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures  its far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
chicago offers much colorful eye candy  including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes  hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
by and large this is mr  kilmers movie  and its his strongest performance since the doors .
some of the most ravaging  gutwrenching  frightening war scenes since  saving private ryan  have been recreated by john woo in this littleknown story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
henry beans thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers  but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect .
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
a smart  provocative drama that does the nearly impossible  it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil  monstrous lunatic .
nairs cast is so large its altmanesque  but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
the movie plays up the cartoons more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
weve seen it all before in one form or another  but director hoffman  with great help from kevin kline  makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the worlds greatest teacher .
even though its common knowledge that park and his founding partner  yong kang  lost kozmo in the end  you cant help but get caught up in the thrill of the companys astonishing growth .
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongueincheek weirdness  those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
what could have easily become a cold  calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama  this is a movie that tells stories that work  is charming  is moving  is funny and looks professional .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
its all about anakin    and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and  of course  special effect .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a childs interest and an adults patience  but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
the years greatest adventure  and jacksons limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul  a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
its fairly solidnot to mention well edited so that it certainly doesnt feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
brims with passion  for words  for its eccentric  accidentprone characters  and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
its secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
the hours  a delicately crafted film  is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if were seeing something purer than the real thing .
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyis  dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
nohes documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible  he isnt blind to the silliness  but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic cooperative interaction .
it may not be as cutting  as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her  but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process .
secret ballot is a funny  puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middleaged participants  dogtown and zboys has a compelling story to tell .
its got some pretentious eyerolling moments and it didnt entirely grab me  but theres stuff here to like .
the enjoyable undercover brother  a zany mix of saturday night livestyle parody  70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild  dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of lifes harshness .
a    cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best  being teenagers .
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the hugescreen format to make an oldfashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding  but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
if you like blood  guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though    you will likely enjoy this monster .
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
sad to say  it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the selfdestructiveness of many young people .
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
anyone with a passion for cinema  and indeed sex  should see it as soon as possible .
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized  quasishakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
fast and funny  an action cartoon thats suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the schoolage crowd .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting  direction  story and pace .
the aaa of action  xxx is a blast of adrenalin  rated eee for excitement  and vin diesel is the man .
earnest  unsubtle and hollywoodpredictable  green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
an ambitious movie that  like shiners organizing of the big fight  pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that dont come off .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women  emerging with a fine character study thats short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
the films unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths  entirely appropriately  the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
while dark water isnt a complete wash  no pun intended   watched sidebyside with ringu  it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
is truth stranger than fiction  in screenwriter charlie kaufmans world  truth and fiction are equally strange  and his for the taking .
for decades weve marveled at disneys rendering of water  snow  flames and shadows in a handdrawn animated world  prepare to marvel again .
if youre looking for a smart  nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus  sade is your film .
could have been crisper and punchier  but its likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
bursting through the constraints of its source  this is one adapted fromtelevision movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
in other words  its just another sports dramacharacter study  yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness  plus  like i already mentioned    its robert duvall  cmon .
this story of a determined womans courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
like shrek  spirits visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children  because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrences latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2  500 screens while something of bubba hoteps clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works  but coppola  along with his sister  sofia  is a real filmmaker  it must be in the genes .
the performers are so spot on  it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
this slight premise    works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality  suggesting that with his fourth feature  the first to be released in the u  s   a major director is emerging in world cinema .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking  the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey .
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wont be disappointed .
it works well enough  since the thrills pop up frequently  and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you  burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyates reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7thcentury oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
its a powerful though flawed movie  guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
director paul coxs unorthodox  abstract approach to visualizing nijinskys diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
for 95 often hilarious minutes  cho riffs on the diciness of colonics  on straight versus gay personal ads  on how men would act if they had periods  and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice .
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by reallife events  those seeking a definitive account of eisensteins life would do better elsewhere .
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski  it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse  marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences  but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved cowinner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
the films only missteps come from the scripts insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnales antics .
a sweet  tender sermon about a 12yearold welsh boy more curious about god than girls  who learns that believing in something does matter .
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu  a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public .
more intimate than spectacular  e  t  is carried less by wow factors than by its funny  moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
for once  a movie does not proclaim the truth about two lovestruck somebodies  but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
if youre burnt out on its a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol  it might just be the movie youre looking for  it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
moonlight mile doesnt quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families  one black and one white  facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
not as wellwritten as sexy beast  not as gloriously flippant as lock  stock and two smoking barrels  but stylish and moody and exceptionally wellacted .
a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best  and fashion a story around him .
the tone errs on the shrill side  tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty  grace and a closet full of skeletons .
an interesting psychological game of catandmouse  threedimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
a meatier deeper beginning andor ending would have easily tipped this film into the  a  range  as is  its a very very strong  b   i love the robust middle of this picture .
the power of shanghai ghetto  a documentary by dana janklowiczmann and amir mann  rests in the voices of men and women  now in their 70s  who lived there in the 1940s .
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
there is a beautiful  aching sadness to it all  paul cox needed to show it  it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
if divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure  it comes to life in the performances .
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the seas interpersonal drama  it aint halfbad .
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isnt afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
there arent too many films that can be as simultaneously funny  offbeat and heartwarming  without a thick shmear of the goo  at least   but  elling  manages to do all three quite well  making it one of the years most enjoyable releases .
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made  beyond road warrior  it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama  but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
an earnest  roughshod document  it serves as a workable primer for the regions recent history  and would make a terrific 10thgrade learning tool .
the films considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop  and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling  and downright creepy  subject  a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality  humour and pathos .
as underwater ghost stories go  below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back  grizzled and charred  somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
trapped wont score points for political correctness  but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours  a sign of its effectiveness .
a rocksolid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense  intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies  plus a heavy dose of fatherandson dynamics .
its incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated  just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians  another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly littleknown perspective .
as they used to say in the 1950s scifi movies  signs is a tribute to shyamalans gifts  which are such that well keep watching the skies for his next project .
theres no conversion effort  much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career  if they want one .
like a skillful fisher  the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast  funny  and even touching story  parents may even find that it goes by quickly  because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year  including those intended for adults .
maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road    but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans lofty expectations  the movie passes inspection .
much of all about lily chouchou is mesmerizing  some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
spielbergs first real masterpiece  it deserved all the hearts it won  and wins still  20 years later .
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a  dungeons and dragons  fantasy with modern military weaponry .
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports  this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that weve long associated with washington the actor .
daringly perceptive  taut  piercing and feisty  biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard    and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
happily  some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude  for proof of that on the cinematic front  look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls  retrospectively  his most personal work yet .
hugely entertaining from start to finish  featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves  it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
its not like having a real film of nijinsky  but at least its better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
its probably worth catching solely on its visual merits  if only it had the story to match .
like other great documentaries    this goes after one truth  the ford administrations complicity in tearing orphans from their mothers  and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
only bond can save us from the latest eccentric  superwealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
the first half bursts with a goofy energy previous disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
an oldfashioned scary movie  one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
for all the wit and hoopla  festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
what makes how i killed my father compelling  besides its terrific performances  is fontaines willingness to wander into the dark areas of parentchild relationships without flinching .
renner  s face is chillingly unemotive  yet he communicates a great deal in his performance  see it for his performance if nothing else .
its a fine  focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
swimming is above all about a young womans face  and by casting an actress whose face projects that womans doubts and yearnings  it succeeds .
a respectable venture on its own terms  lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films    cross over to a more mainstream audience .
while this has the making of melodrama  the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain  producing a work thats more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
as a girlmeetsgirl romantic comedy  kissing jessica steinis quirky  charming and often hilarious  yet its not quite the genrebusting film its been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
you dont need to know your icets from your cooljs to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned  something is rotten in the state of california .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a very sneaky butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearingreappearing acts .
from a deceptively simple premise  this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
terrific performances  great to look at  and funny  a little uneven to be the cats meow  but its good enough to be the purr .
its a compelling and horrifying story  and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does  in fact  still happen in america .
i like it  there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude  this fastpaced and this insane .
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience  drama  conflict  tears and surprise  that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
that rare movie that works on any number of levels  as a film of magic and whimsy for children  a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death  both pro and con  for adults .
its both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue  only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary  pasty lumpen .
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy  while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that  while past  really isnt .
the film does a solid job of slowly  steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
fred schepisis tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
the directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge .
overall  cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
insomnia is one of the years best films and pacino gives one of his most daring  and complicated  performances .
like vardalos and corbett  who play their roles with vibrant charm  the film  directed by joel zwick  is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you cant fake .
i dont know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an alist director  but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that hes made at least one damn fine horror movie .
despite its flaws    belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
each punch seen through prison bars  the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs  man as brotherman vs  the man .
the evocative imagery and gentle  lapping rhythms of this film are infectious  it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
has an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe its all true .
it treats anas journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure  allowing us to find the small  human moments  and leaving off with a grand whimper .
how good this film might be  depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadiumseat megaplex .
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers  a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
the usual movie rahrah  pleasantly and predictably delivered in lowkey style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
those prone to indignation need not apply  those susceptible to blue hilarity  step right up .
like mike isnt going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous  but it has some cute moments  funny scenes  and hits the target audience  young bow wow fans   with nothing but net .
dong makes a valiant effort to understand everyones point of view  and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics  savor the pleasure of his sounds and images  and ponder the historical  philosophical  and ethical issues that intersect with them .
at its best  which occurs often  michael moores bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking  soulsearching spirit of the are we a sick society   journalism of the 1960s .
a headlinefresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank  joseph cedars time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation  it does so without compromising that complexity .
theres a spontaneity to the chateau  a sense of lightheartedness  that makes it attractive throughout .
the first tunisian film i have ever seen  and its also probably the most goodhearted yet sensual entertainment im likely to see all year .
like any good romance  son of the bride  proves its never too late to learn .
klines utterly convincing  and deeply appealing  as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code  and as a flawed human being who cant quite live up to it .
the film  while not exactly assured in its execution  is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .
leigh makes these lives count  and he allows a gawky actor like spall  who could too easily become comic relief in any other film  to reveal his impressively delicate range .
a lot of fun  with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
what bubbles up out of john c  walshs pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum  her tough  funny  rather chaotic show isnt subversive so much as it is nitpicky about the hypocrisies of our time .
beautiful  angry and sad  with a curious sick poetry  as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
ms  hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zeldas ultimate fate .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the wellwrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
an undeniably moving film to experience  and ultimately thats what makes it worth a recommendation .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year  which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the backstory is a little tired  the performances are all solid  it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
manages to please its intended audience  children  without placing their parents in a comalike state .
mr  deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple  sweet and romantic comedy .
when you think youve figured out bielinskys great game  thats when youre in the most trouble  hes the con  and youre just the mark .
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm    the film is funny  insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past  even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
what saves it    and makes it one of the better videogamebased flicks  is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense  such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
its a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure  as long as you dont try to look too deep into the story .
a full experience  a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their superpowers  their supersimple animation and their superdooperadorability intact .
raimis matured quite a bit with spiderman  even though its one of the most plain white toast comic book films youll ever see .
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people  in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship  bring to their music .
a bonanza of wacky sight gags  outlandish color schemes  and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artists career .
this engrossing  characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet  decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
with few respites  marshall keeps the energy humming  and his edits  unlike those in moulin rouge  are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism  and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible  almost mystical work .
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
comedian  like its subjects  delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun  nofrills ride .
pipe dream does have its charms  the leads are natural and lovely  the pace is serene  the humor wry and sprightly .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception  which  while it may not rival the filmmakers period pieces  is still very much worth seeing .
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm  the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with  and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
despite the films bizarre developments  hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance  unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the characters gripping humanity .
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr  freud .
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget  that you should never forget .
the magic  and original running time  of ace japanimator hayao miyazakis spirited away survives intact in bvs revoiced version .
its not particularly subtle    however  it still manages to build to a terrifying  if obvious  conclusion .
the auteurs ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
bolstered by exceptional performances and a cleareyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
this enthralling documentary    is at once playful and haunting  an indepth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai  of all places  served jews who escaped the holocaust .
in a movie full of surprises  the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy  both gentle and biting .
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks  and the color palette  with lots of somber blues and pinks  is dreamy and evocative .
tony gaytons script doesnt give us anything we havent seen before  but director d  j  carusos grimy visual veneer and kilmers absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
for a film thats being advertised as a comedy  sweet home alabama isnt as funny as youd hoped  for a film thats being advertised as a comedy  sweet home alabama isnt as funny as youd hoped .
vera has created a provocative  absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a selfhatred instilled by rigid social mores .
depending upon your reaction to this movie  you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust  a thrill  or the giggles .
while bollywoodhollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals  it also has plenty for those  like me  who arent .
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances  but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict  inextricably entwined through family history  each seeing himself in the other  neither liking what he sees .
as janice  eileen walsh  an engaging  wideeyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth  infuses the movie with much of its slender  glinting charm .
sure  its contrived and predictable  but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly  even though its never as solid as you want it to be .
the chateau belongs to rudd  whose portrait of a therapydependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms    is a nonstop hoot .
as a good oldfashioned adventure for kids  spirit  stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
an effective portrait of a life in stasis  of the power of inertia to arrest development in a deadend existence .
me no lika da accents so good  but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story  scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
whats surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computergenerated images are the norm .
wonder  hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along  especially if it begins with the name of star wars .
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle  and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
who needs mindbending drugs when they can see this  the final part of the qatsi trilogy  directed by godfrey reggio  with music by philip glass .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books  they cant go wrong  better effects  better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh  an excellent sequel .
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
allen se atreve a atacar  a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracin .
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance  brought off with considerable wit .
if a big musical number like praise the lord  hes the god of second chances doesnt put you off  this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artists work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
clooneys debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined  but it has a tremendous  offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him  especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted  conjures a lynchlike vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
a timely look back at civil disobedience  antiwar movements and the power of strong voices .
id be lying if i said my ribcage didnt ache by the end of kung pow .
more than their unique residences  home movie is about the people who live in them  who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
the combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives italian for beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
an intelligent  multilayered and profoundly humanist  not to mention gently political  meditation on the values of knowledge  education  and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
mr  polanski is in his element here  alone  abandoned  but still consoled by his art  which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
spectacular in every sense of the word  even if you don t know an orc from a urukhai .
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldlywise and very funny script .
os problemas tm incio a partir do momento em que samos do cinema e comeamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver   ento que sinais realmente desaponta .
it gives devastating testimony to both peoples capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding  with better characters  some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style  the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne .
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him    there is never really a true  us  versus  them .
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crimeland action genre  but then again  who says he has to .
its a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
at once subtle and visceral  the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful  offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the performances of the children  untrained in acting  have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity  the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shapeshifting perils  political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness  for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadnt seen  which  in this day and age  is of course the point .
adams  with four scriptwriters  takes care with the characters  who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and  some plot blips aside  stays there for the duration .
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance  and the writing is tight and truthful  full of funny situations and honest observations .
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe  but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
the lightest  most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade  and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
like edward norton in american history x  ryan gosling  murder by numbers  delivers a magnetic performance .
this is a very funny  heartwarming film  it has fun with the quirks of family life  but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
rarely  indeed almost never  is such highwattage brainpower coupled with pitchperfect acting and an exquisite  unfakable sense of cinema .
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know its going to be a trip  igby goes down is one of those movies .
often messy and frustrating  but very pleasing at its best moments  its very much like life itself .
a burst of color  music  and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
laskers canny  meditative script distances sex and love  as byron and luther    realize they cant get no satisfaction without the latter .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
its mostly a pleasure to watch  and the reason for that is a selfaware  often selfmocking  intelligence .
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
a very wellmeaning movie  and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
there arent many conclusive answers in the film  but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities  courage  tragedy and the little guys vs  the big guys .
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small  personal film with an emotional wallop .
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
dogtown  zboys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey  featuring a pathetic  endearing hero who is all too human .
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenagers uncomfortable class resentment and  in turn  his selfinflicted retaliation .
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
now as a former gong show addict  ill admit it  my only complaint is that we didnt get more recreations of all those famous moments from the show .
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
this odd  poetic road movie  spiked by jolts of pop music  pretty much takes place in mortons everwatchful gaze  and its a tribute to the actress  and to her inventive director  that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare  but mira nairs film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times  give you a few laughs  and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks  even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
a firstclass  thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire  beloved genres  the prison flick and the fight film .
in between all the emotional seesawing  its hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures  and even the times in which they lived  but they fascinate in their recklessness .
death to smoochy is often very funny  but whats even more remarkable is the integrity of devitos misanthropic vision .
a beautiful  entertaining two hours  you get the idea  though  that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community  one would be hardpressed to find a movie with a bigger  fatter heart than barbershop .
enigma is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of we were soldiers .
munchs screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters  he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities  his scenes are short and often unexpected .
leighs daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatchers ruinous legacy  he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now  chafing against their cultures manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying  traditional politesse .
i know that ill never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again .
the two leads  nearly perfect in their roles  bring a heart and reality that buoy the film  and at times  elevate it to a superior crime movie .
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy  a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us  if horses could fly  this is surely what theyd look like .
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country  but especially from france .
the graphic carnage and recreation of wartorn croatia is uncomfortably timely  relevant  and sickeningly real .
left me with the visceral sensation of longing  lasting traces of charlottes web of desire and desperation .
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship  but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances  it has considerable charm .
it might be easier to watch on video at home  but that shouldnt stop diehard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the bigscreen experience .
theres very little sense to whats going on here  but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
this is pure  exciting moviemaking  you wont exactly know whats happening but youll be blissfully exhausted .
steven soderberghs digital video experiment is a clever and cutting  quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
the films highlight is definitely its screenplay  both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page  and for the memorable character creations .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho  without making him any less psycho .
sillier  cuter  and shorter than the first  as best i remember   but still a very good time at the cinema .
cut through the layers of soapopera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
it excels because  unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk  it offers hope .
shot in rich  shadowy blackandwhite  devils chronicles  with increasingly amused irony  the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
theres no clear picture of who killed bob crane  but heres a glimpse at his life .
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed  but it could have been more .
a stirring  funny and finally transporting reimagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films .
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who  having survived  suffered most .
a sweettempered comedy that forgoes the kneejerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
argento  at only 26  brings a youthful  outtochangetheworld aggressiveness to the project  as if shes cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
with so many bad romances out there  this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
brash  intelligent and erotically perplexing  hanekes portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
though jackson doesnt always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape  it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
a dazzling thing to behold  as long as youre wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
be patient with the lovely hush  and your reward will be a thoughtful  emotional movie experience .
the largeformat film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love  history  memory  resistance and artistic transcendence .
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally  one so unconventional  gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
unlike most surf movies  blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave  by the end you cant help but feel stoked .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life .
sparkling  often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy    attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called my husband is travis bickle .
even if youre an agnostic carnivore  you can enjoy much of jonah simply  and gratefully  as laughoutloud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of americas culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
the result is somewhat satisfying  it still comes from spielberg  who has never made anything that wasnt at least watchable  but its also disappointing to a certain degree .
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lipnonsynching  but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
the movie is    very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated  stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life halfasleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
the genius of the work speaks volumes  offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
the movies seams may show    but pellington gives  mothman  an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the films present with the playful paranoia of the films past .
a freshfaced  bighearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies  with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold  a case in point  doug prays scratch .
abderrahmane sissakos heremakono  waiting for happiness  is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .
in xxx  diesel is that rare creature  an action hero with table manners  and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers  what they think of themselves and their clients .
it all plays out    like a highend john hughes comedy  a kind of elder buellers time out .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits  headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph ive ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
this is one of the rarest kinds of films  a familyoriented nondisney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
famuyiwas feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful  intelligent manner  rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the clichriddled genre can offer .
showtime is a finelooking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
sweet home alabama isnt going to win any academy awards  but this datenight diversion will definitely win some hearts .
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack .
a gracious  eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
even though many of these guys are less than adorable  their lamentations are pretty much selfcentered   theres something vital about the movie .
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias  especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives  harddriving narcissism is a given  but what a world wed live in if argentos hollywood counterparts    had this much imagination and nerve .
an eloquent  reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow  painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
what a concept  what an idea  what a thrill ride  this is a more fascinating look at the future than  bladerunner  and one of the most highconcept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
the rare movie thats as crisp and to the point as the novel on which its based .
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling  a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
nicholas nickleby  is a perfect family film to take everyone to since theres no new  a christmas carol  out in the theaters this year  charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes  repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators symbolic images with his words  insinuating  for example  that in hollywood  only god speaks to the press .
khouri manages  with terrific flair  to keep the extremes of screwball farce and bloodcurdling family intensity on one continuum .
impresses as a skillfully assembled  highly polished and professional adaptation    just about as chilling and unsettling as manhunter was .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism  heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
muccino  who directed from his own screenplay  is a canny crowd pleaser  and the last kiss    provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside  and i dont think that a  c  will help this movie one bit .
sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramticos para arrancar lgrimas do espectador  o pianista  um filme triste sem que  para isso  precise ser emocionante .
the storylines are woven together skilfully  the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking  and the overall experience is awesome .
a miraculous movie  im going home is so slight  yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
every moment crackles with tension  and by the end of the flick  youre on the edge of your seat .
a fine  rousing  grated family film  aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grownups from squirming in their seats .
the series message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent  as do the girls amusing personalities .
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
disappointingly  the characters are too strange and dysfunctional  tom included  to ever get under the skin  but this is compensated in large part by the offthewall dialogue  visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies  and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
the word that comes to mind  while watching eric rohmers tribute to a courageous scottish lady  is painterly .
a fascinating case study of flowerpower liberation  and the price that was paid for it .
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy  the movie    is  also  frequently hilarious .
obligada para impotentes  daneses  camareras italianas  profesores de idiomas  y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this lowbudget  videoshot  debut indie effort .
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales  villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
ongs promising debut is a warm and welltold tale of one recent chinese immigrants experiences in new york city .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing  that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
beautiful  cold  oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly  a freaky bit of art thats there to scare while we delight in the images .
its up to watts to lend credibility to this strange scenario  and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
the film is darkly atmospheric  with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearsts forced avuncular chortles .
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept  aliens come to earth  and infuses it into a rustic  realistic  and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
the story  like ravels bolero  builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
its plotless  shapeless  and yet  it must be admitted  not entirely humorless  indeed  the more outrageous bits achieve a shockyouintolaughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
gondrys direction is adequate    but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufmans script .
the films plot may be shallow  but youve never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
with a large cast representing a broad crosssection  taverniers film bounds along with the ratatat energy of  his girl friday   maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissingers record into question and explain how the diplomats tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
the spanieleyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool  wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
the dangerous lives of altar boys  has flaws  but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors .
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent  seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
may take its sweet time to get wherever its going  but if you have the patience for it  you wont feel like its wasted yours .
less the sensational truecrime helljaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling  though no less horrifying for it .
directed with purpose and finesse by englands roger mitchell  who handily makes the move from pleasing  relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies  infusing into the story very real  complicated emotions .
by surrounding us with hyperartificiality  haynes makes us see familiar issues  like racism and homophobia  in a fresh way .
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surfaceobsession  one that typifies the delirium of post  pre  and extant stardom .
i know i shouldnt have laughed  but hey  those farts got to my inner nineyearold .
its a smart  funny look at an arcane area of popular culture  and if it isnt entirely persuasive  it does give exposure to some talented performers .
more vaudeville show than wellconstructed narrative  but on those terms its inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
the case is a convincing one  and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the scripts bad ideas and awkwardness .
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film  which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such lifeembracing spirit that the theme doesnt drag an audience down .
the movie  despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places  is wry and engrossing .
i admire the closing scenes of the film  which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincents complaint .
like rudy yellow lodge  eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite  its far from a frothy piece  and the characters are complex  laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
using an endearing cast  writerdirector dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships  both sexual and kindred .
when a movie has stuck around for this long  you know theres something there  its that good .
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year  she should get all five .
japanese director shohei imamuras latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
kwan is a master of shadow  quietude  and room noise  and lan yu is a disarmingly livedin movie .
while the plot follows a predictable connectthedots course    director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
katzs documentary doesnt have much panache  but with material this rich it doesnt need it .
aunque recurre a ciertos clichs del gnero  la poderosa actuacin de robin williams perdona las fallas del guin .
skins has a desolate air  but eyre  a native american raised by white parents  manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
more concerned with overall feelings  broader ideas  and openended questions than concrete story and definitive answers  soderberghs solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
yes  mibii is rote work and predictable  but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
o fantasma is boldly  confidently orchestrated  aesthetically and sexually  and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
its still adam sandler  and its not little nicky  and for many of us  thats good enough .
heres yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
lees achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete  a movie star  and an image of black indomitability .
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion  our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film  with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing .
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family  this marvelous documentary touches  ever so gracefully  on the entire history of the yiddish theater  both in america and israel .
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyperrealistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outerspace documentary space station 3d .
more than anything else  kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre  which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
this movie has the usual impossible stunts    but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
mostly works because of the universal themes  earnest performances    and excellent use of music by indias popular gulzar and jagjit singh .
the one thing this wild film has that other imax films dont  chimps  lots of chimps  all blown up to the size of a house  thats fun for kids of any age .
writerdirector david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times  clashing cultures and the pleasures of a wellmade pizza .
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize lifes messiness from inside out  in all its strange quirks .
like the full monty  this is sure to raise audiences spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
brown sugar  admirably aspires to be more than another  best man  clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
gulpilil is a commanding screen presence  and his characters abundant humanism makes him the films moral compass .
though it never rises to its full potential as a film  still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
scotland looks wonderful  the fans are often funny fanatics  the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
what enlivens this film  beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors  is a note of defiance over social dictates .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hotblooded  and both leads are up to the task .
although it lacks the detail of the book  the film does pack some serious suspense .
theres nothing like love to give a movie a b12 shot  and cq shimmers with it .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility  working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr  wongs in the mood for love  very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
a somber film  almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the worlds endangered reefs  and it lets the pictures do the punching .
poignant and moving  a walk to remember is an inspirational love story  capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
a shimmeringly lovely comingofage portrait  shot in artful  watery tones of blue  green and brown .
while cherish doesnt completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller  its got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
in many ways  reminiscent of 1992s unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears  our sympathies .
an often watchable  though goofy and lurid  blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
this sensitive  smart  savvy  compelling comingofage drama delves into the passiveaggressive psychology of codependence and the struggle for selfesteem .
the culmination of everyones efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form in  last dance .
in questioning the election process  payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies  but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess  with or without access to the ballot box .
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
streamlined to a tight  brisk 85minute screwball thriller   big trouble  is funny  harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
while not all that bad of a movie  its nowhere near as good as the original .
alis graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an overamorous terrier .
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture  and  whatever flaws igby goes down may possess  it is undeniably that .
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions  ill settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
the movie does its best to work us over  with second helpings of love  romance  tragedy  false dawns  real dawns  comic relief  two separate crises during marriage ceremonies  and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .
all in all  its a pretty good execution of a story thats a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
its consistently funny  in an irresistible juniorhigh way  and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
its the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking  but humming .
the storytelling may be ordinary  but the cast is one of those allstar reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
cuaron repeatedly  perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it  giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the goodtime shenanigans in welcome perspective .
its definitely an improvement on the first blade  since it doesnt take itself so deadly seriously .
whats infuriating about full frontal is that its too close to real life to make sense  whats invigorating about it is that it doesnt give a damn .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies  as hannibal would say  yes  its like having an old friend for dinner .
writerdirector juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
this 90minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thoughtprovoking than id expected it to be .
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
between them  de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can  but all the bouncing back and forth cant help but become a bit tedious  even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes camera craziness  not only did they film performances  but they did the same at home .
it picked me up  swung me around  and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
graham greenes novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caines performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
though its equally solipsistic in tone  the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans saga of hollywood excess .
bon apptit  just like a splendid meal  red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe  inspiring ingredients  certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
the structure is simple  but in its own way  rabbitproof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
some people march to the beat of a different drum  and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in  this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
playfully profound    and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
the charm of the first movie is still there  and the story feels like the logical  unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
like the best 60 minutes expos  the film  at 80 minutes  is actually quite entertaining .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle  seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times  then found its sweet spot .
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes  with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
nair doesnt use monsoon wedding to lament the loss of culture  instead  she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clungto traditions .
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people  flawed  assured of the wrong things  and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good  but not here  matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
in the affable maid in manhattan  jennifer lopezs most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm  the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly alist players .
like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of bball fantasy  fit for filling in during the real nbas offseason .
though writerdirector bart freundlichs film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parentchild relationship  it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudups anchoring performance .
y tu mam tambin es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa  y es quiz el proyecto ms arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarn .
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama  suspense  revenge  and romance .
probes in a lighthearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
what elevates the movie above the runofthemill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
the directing and story are disjointed  flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylors doorstep  but the actors make this worth a peek .
 uma pena que  mais tarde  o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado .
light the candles  bring out the cake and dont fret about the calories because theres precious little substance in birthday girl  its simply  and surprisingly  a nice  light treat .
it may be about drug dealers  kidnapping  and unsavory folks  but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
massouds story is an epic  but also a tragedy  the record of a tenacious  humane fighter who was also the prisoner  and ultimately the victim  of history .
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood  blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
because the film deliberately lacks irony  it has a genuine dramatic impact  it plays like a powerful 1957 drama weve somehow never seen before .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior  as happiness was    hence  storytelling is far more appealing .
sum  is jack ryans  doover   give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works  especially give credit to affleck .
an intelligently made  and beautifully edited  picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it  more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered  but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
the pain  loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this selfdeprecating  biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother  donald  and directed by spike jonze .
its all stitched together with energy  intelligence and verve  enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
the film is moody  oozing  chilling and heartwarming all at once    a twisting  unpredictable  catandmouse thriller .
eight legged freaks is clever and funny  is amused by its special effects  and leaves you feeling like youve seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of rightthinking ideology  either liberal or conservative  mr  scorseses bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
a thriller whose style  structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story  you cannot separate them .
its a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants  pull an arrow out of his back  and leap unscathed through raging fire .
returning director rob minkoff    and screenwriter bruce joel rubin    have done a fine job of updating whites dry wit to a new age .
unfolds with such a wallop of youarethere immediacy that when the bullets start to fly  your first instinct is to duck .
a strong script  powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman  who is not only a pianist  but a good human being .
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals  it nonetheless sustains interest during the long buildup of expository material .
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
an offbeat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
a colorful  joyous celebration of life  a tapestry woven of romance  dancing  singing  and unforgettable characters .
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who  in spite of all that hes witnessed  remains surprisingly idealistic  and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of memento with the hallucinatory drug culture of requiem for a dream .
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when youre a struggling nobody .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one  but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen  just for them .
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg  michael j  wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
the films appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand  who brings to the role her pale  dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinskys cleverly constructed scenario  and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
more mature than fatal attraction  more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9  weeks  unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
for all the dolorous trim  secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout  notwithstanding some of the writers sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
a fanciful drama about napoleons last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle  and by the end  we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity thats perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
lovely and amazing is holofceners deep  uncompromising curtsy to women she knows  and very likely is  when all is said and done  she loves them to pieces  and so  i trust  will you .
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flickknife diction in the role of roger swanson .
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall show us the world they love and make us love it  too .
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
as the princess  sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat  ben kingsley is truly funny  playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company  but inside it hes well worth spending some time with .
a gem  captured in the unhurried  lowkey style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure  narc strikes a defiantly retro chord  and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
the films gamble to occasionally break up the liveaction scenes with animated sequences pays off  as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be  but its still quite worth seeing .
beating the austin powers films at their own game  this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters  the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world thats often handled in fastedit  hoppedup fashion .
with spy kids 2  the island of lost dreams  the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape  a james bond series for kids .
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmakers extraordinary access to massoud  whose charm  cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life  a little melodramatic  but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece  it is  however  a completely honest  openhearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
this oftenhilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its highminded appeal .
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshalls intense freight train of a film .
expands the limits of what a film can be  taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest  yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanskis the pianist  but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
despite these annoyances  the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorseses taxi driver and goodfellas  but this film speaks for itself .
the films heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closedoff nationalist reality .
the journey is worth your time  especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
for every cheesy scene  though  there is a really cool bit  the movies conception of a futureworld holographic librarian  orlando jones  who knows everything and answers all questions  is visually smart  cleverly written  and nicely realized .
what sets ms  birots film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents  and particularly the fateful fathers  in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd  who really ought to be playing villains .
its clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheeselaced spectacles that pack em in on the subcontinent .
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood stylecasting excellent latin actors of all agesa trend long overdue .
beneath the films obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination  backed by sheer nerve .
so beautifully acted and directed  its clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
its enough to watch huppert scheming  with her small  intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain  and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make cherish a very good  but not great  movie .
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feelgood movie can still show real heart  time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the worlds reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity  but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
the importance of being earnest  so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartletts familiar quotations .
made for teens and reviewed as such  this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age    and then only as a very mild rental .
imagine o  henrys bthe gift of the magib relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nycs drug scene  merry friggin christmas .
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
both lead performances are oscarsize  quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie  and moore wonderfully underplays the longsuffering heroine with an unflappable 50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
nothing short of wonderful with its tenyearold female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
davis candid  archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
its more enjoyable than i expected  though  and thats because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs  cinematic pratfalls given a working over  the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
matches neorealisms impact by showing the humanity of a wartorn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hiphop documentary should give  scratch  a second look .
babyfaced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
a competent  unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the afterschool slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
shot largely in small rooms  the film has a gentle  unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects  implausibility  and sags in pace  it rises in its courageousness  and comedic employment .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle  instead  he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens wonderfully sprawling soap opera  the better to focus on the heros odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody  and to belong to somebody .
metaphors abound  but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso  sia lacks visual flair  but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast  and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie  no matter who runs them .
the best comedy concert movie ive seen since chos previous concert comedy film  im the one that i want  in 2000 .
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype  the celebrity  the high life  the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men  promising  talented  charismatic and tragically doomed .
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
a triumph  a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on lifechanging chance encounters .
the lady and the duke is a smart  romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats perspective .
most haunting about  fence  is its conclusion  when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize  much to our dismay  that this really did happen  noyces greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping  dramatic  hollywood moments to keep us .
world traveler might not go anywhere new  or arrive anyplace special  but its certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
theres much tongue in cheek in the film and theres no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
theres absolutely no reason why blue crush  a latesummer surfer girl entry  should be as entertaining as it is .
an actionthriller of the finest kind  evoking memories of day of the jackal  the french connection  and heat .
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
in capturing the understated comedic agony of an everruminating  genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills  the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original  but it doesnt disgrace it  either .
stephen earnharts film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
nicole holofceners lovely and amazing  from her own screenplay  jumps to the head of the class of womens films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chickflicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft  but to his legend .
successfully blended satire  high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
mark pellingtons latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity  this sad  occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wisemans warmest .
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual twodimensional offerings .
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
watching e  t now  in an era dominated by cold  loud specialeffectsladen extravaganzas  one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
watching this film  what we feel isnt mainly suspense or excitement  the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .
a rather brilliant little cult item  a pastiche of childrens entertainment  superhero comics  and japanese animation .
believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic  and it is too cute by half  but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history  it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
as averse as i usually am to feelgood  followyourdream hollywood fantasies  this one got to me .
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
the hook is the drama within the drama  as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
over the years  hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies  and ice age only improves on it  with terrific computer graphics  inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
like smoke signals  the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama .
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fastpaced contemporary society .
one of the most original american productions this year  youll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting  and always a beauty to behold .
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature  r xmas  marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon  which  at last count  numbered 52 different versions .
even if the ring has a familiar ring  its still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work  and in each other  shines through every frame .
the cast    keeps this pretty watchable  and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero  a lisping  reptilian villain  big fights  big hair  lavish period scenery  and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences the chteau is a film  full of life and small delights  that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
an incredibly thoughtful  deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera  hlne angel is definitely a director to watch .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group    and never fails to entertain .
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us  fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a moviegoing neophyte could want .
full of bland hotels  highways  parking lots  with some glimpses of nature and family warmth  time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
even with all its botches  enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and wellmade entertainment .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a traditionbound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
the dramatic crisis doesnt always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously  but hupperts volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
highly irritating at first  mr  kourys passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson  gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances  as schmidt  nicholson walks with a slow  deliberate gait  chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
the powder blues and sunsplashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in bellydancing clubs .
it doesnt make for great cinema  but it is interesting to see where ones imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
its sobering  particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily  or soon .
by the time its done with us  mira nairs new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery  of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
ferrera has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
dont judge this one too soon  its a dark  gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
in death to smoochy  we dont get williams usual tear and a smile  just sneers and bile  and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
a serviceable eurotrash action extravaganza  with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom  handguns  bmws and seaside chateaus .
fortunately  elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors perfect comic timing and sweet  genuine chemistry .
if youve grown tired of going where no man has gone before  but several movies have  take heart  this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a fullfledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
not only a comingofage story and cautionary parable  but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
ouve got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has  and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma  and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
gay or straight  kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
its compelling mix of trial movie  escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
reynolds takes a classic story  casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners cant overcome  but its a nice girlbuddy movie once it gets rocknrolling .
rich in atmosphere of the postwar art world  it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
it rapidly develops into a gutwrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it  it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
this humbling little film  fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie  is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that they dont make movies like they used to anymore .
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences    and its all the stronger because of it .
secretary  is owned by its costars  spader and gyllenhaal  maggie g  makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed  redolent of a thousand cliches  and yet remains uniquely itself  vibrant with originality .
not only is it a charming  funny and beautifully crafted import  it uses very little dialogue  making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
almodvar logra un filme entraable  lleno de compasin  comprensin  amor  amistad  esperanza y humanidad que es sencillamente inolvidable .
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workmans grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
too much of storytelling moves away from solondzs social critique  casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteurs professional injuries .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here  but theres a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
the music makes a nice album  the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo  but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking  quietly vulnerable personality of ms  ambrose .
one of the pleasures in walters documentary    is the parade of veteran painters  confounded dealers  and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subjects mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
captures all the longing  anguish and ache  the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
frailty  offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight  telling creepy stories to give each other the willies  and  theres no way you wont be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story  like  say  treasure planet  or soso animation and an exciting  clever story with a batch of appealing characters  ill take the latter every time .
quiet  adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year    a true study  a film with a questioning heart and mind that isnt afraid to admit it doesnt have all the answers .
in the end  the film is less the cheap thriller youd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damagedgoods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious  but restrained and subtle storytelling  and fine performances make this delicate comingofage tale a treat .
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
y tu mam tambin is hilariously  gloriously alive  and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative  jacquot preserves toscas intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories  and  like a mobius strip  elliptically loops back to where it began .
overall  its a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine  acerbic laughs .
a must for fans of british cinema  if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare  unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
until  the  superfluous    epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve  die another day is as stimulating  heartrateraising as any james bond thriller .
its a good film  but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true epic .
all the pieces fall together without much surprise  but little moments give it a boost .
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
a tone of rueful compassion    reverberates throughout this film  whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary bigscreen star  wait until youve seen him eight stories tall .
with this masterful  flawless film  wang emerges in the front ranks of chinas now numerous  worldrenowned filmmakers .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way  myriad signs  if you will  that beneath the familiar  funny surface is a far bigger  far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
this film is an act of spiritual faith  an eloquent  deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
a different kind of love story  one that is dark  disturbing  painful to watch  yet compelling .
a compelling  gutclutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
shes as rude and profane as ever  always hilarious and  most of the time  absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
to those who have not read the book  the film is a much better motherdaughter tale than last summers divine secrets of the yaya sisterhood   but thats not saying much .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene  in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia  its waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
a thoughtful  reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture  with its own rules regarding love and family  governance and hierarchy .
it seems impossible that an epic fourhour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good  but it is .
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes  not least the notion that the marginal members of society    might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
a mature  deeply felt fantasy of a directors travel through 300 years of russian history .
boldly engineering a collision between tawdry bmovie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie  roses film  true to its source material  provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour  though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
upsetting and thoughtprovoking  the film has an odd purity that doesnt bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
a very pretty afterschool special  its an effort to watch this movie  but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence  of good guys and bad  and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
it certainly wont win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
dog soldiers doesnt transcend genre  it embraces it  energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
at once emotional and richly analytical  the cosbyseinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose  larky documentary .
it may scream low budget  but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied .
alices adventure through the looking glass and into zombieland is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
without de niro  city by the sea would slip under the waves  he drags it back  singlehanded .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side  thats because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you inand making you sweat .
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure  and you find yourself rooting for gais character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary  he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
at its best when the guarded  resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
its excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery  but otherwise this is the best old neighborhood project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists .
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
its the unsettling images of a warravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
recoings fantastic performance doesnt exactly reveal what makes vincent tick  but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
washington overcomes the scripts flaws and envelops the audience in his characters anguish  anger and frustration .
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved    this makes it not only a detailed historical document  but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
a searing  epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be  horrifyingly  ever on the rise .
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit  but for the rest of us  especially san francisco lovers  its a spirited film and a mustsee .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure  but it would count for very little if the movie werent as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest  but i enjoyed barbershop  its a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story  a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man  and more about that man lost in its midst .
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo  stitch had in spades  charisma .
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva  the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller  until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast  leaving their bodies exposed  but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt  thats why sex and lucia is so alluring .
although largely a heavyhanded indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse  the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a worldclass fencer and the champion thats made a difference to nyc innercity youth .
a brain twister  less a moviemovie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood  success  artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
a powerful  inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith  and about hatred that offers no easy  comfortable resolution .
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families  but its not halfbad .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his moviestar gorgeousness .
if signs is a good film  and it is  the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the films nightmare versions of everyday sexinthecity misadventures .
you can watch  giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like youve completely lowered your entertainment standards .
it thankfully goes easy on the reelreal world dichotomy that jaglom pursued with such enervating determination in venicevenice .
this rich  bittersweet israeli documentary  about the life of songanddanceman pasachke burstein and his family  transcends ethnic lines .
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor  and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh  not as good as the original  but what is .
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists  and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
jeffs gorgeous  fluid compositions  underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliamss melancholy music  are charged with metaphor  but rarely easy  obvious or selfindulgent .
engages us in constant fits of laughter  until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story  and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
blisteringly rude  scarily funny  sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys  the film has in kieran culkin a pitchperfect holden .
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director  y apuestas bien fundadas  pues la suerte ya la tiene  y la cinta lo comprueba .
the fourth  pokemon  is a divertingif predictableadventure suitable for a matinee  with a message that cautions children about disturbing the worlds delicate ecological balance .
what one is left with  even after the most awful acts are committed  is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
it has the feel of a summer popcorn movie  nothing too deep or substantial  explosions  jokes  and sexual innuendoes abound .
miyazakis nonstop images are so stunning  and his imagination so vivid  that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period  no timeout .
a delightfully unpredictable  hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
assured  vital and well wrought  the film is  arguably  the most accomplished work to date from hong kongs versatile stanley kwan .
delia  greta  and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year  as each of them searches for their place in the world  miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking  flawed humanity .
shanghai ghetto  much stranger than any fiction  brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
its not particularly well made  but since i found myself howling more than cringing  id say the film works .
but this is lohmans film  her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
though its story is only surface deep  the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime looksee .
ryosuke has created a wry  winning  if languidly paced  meditation on the meaning and value of family .
sometimes charming  sometimes infuriating  this argentinean dramedy succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
a venturesome  beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its firsttime feature directors understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
like the rugrats movies  the wild thornberrys movie doesnt offer much more than the series  but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
taken outside the context of the current political climate  see  terrorists are more evil than ever    the sum of all fears is simply a wellmade and satisfying thriller .
the setting is so cool that it chills the characters  reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of  intactos  dangerous and seductively stylish game .
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
for almost the first twothirds of martin scorseses 168minute gangs of new york  i was entranced .
openended and composed of layer upon layer  talk to her is a cinephiles feast  an invitation to countless interpretations .
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a lowkey manner that it risks monotony  but its worth the concentration .
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made  showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while  before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon  anyway .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
the determination of pinochets victims to seek justice  and their often heartbreaking testimony  spoken directly into director patricio guzmans camera  pack a powerful emotional wallop .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical  bedknobs and broomsticks   which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
its    worth the extra effort to see an artist  still committed to growth in his ninth decade  change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is  quite pointedly  about the peril of such efforts .
dark and unrepentant  this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy  kinky fun .
myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirtyjoke book done up in posttarantino popculture riffs .
if youre down for a silly hackandslash flick  you can do no wrong with jason x .
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker  but good actors  good poetry and good music help sustain it .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases .
the messy emotions raging throughout this threehour effort are instantly recognizable  allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck  a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancys holes  and the scripters dont deserve any oscars  but the nerveraked acting  the crackle of lines  the impressive stagings of hardware  make for some robust and scary entertainment .
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thoughtprovoking as it is funny  scary and sad .
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark  delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
its the kind of effectively creepyscary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just cant take it any more .
late marriage is an inyourface family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
its too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling  but as an intellectual exercise  an unpleasant debate thats been given the drive of a narrative and thats been acted out  the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
its sweet  its funny  it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt  and  thanks to the presence of the king   it also rocks .
the unexplored story opportunities of  punchdrunk love  may have worked against the makers minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writerdirector anderson .
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
very amusing  not the usual route in a thriller  and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbojumbo    broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
the byplay and bickering between the now spysavvy siblings  carmen  vega  and juni  sabara  cortez  anchor the film in a very real and amusing giveandtake .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles  theres a plethora of characters in this picture  and not one of them is flat .
though in some ways similar to catherine breillats fat girl  rain is the far superior film .
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique  wellcrafted psychological study of grief .
remarkable for its excellent storytelling  its economical  compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity  its an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movies success  hes one of the few cool actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of black culture and the dorkier aspects of white culture   even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
i wont argue with anyone who calls slackers dumb  insulting  or childish    but i laughed so much that i didnt mind .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy  confused  and totally disorientated  not to mention absolutely refreshed .
the film sometimes flags    but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk  amusing pace .
its a drawling  slobbering  lovable runon sentence of a film  a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags  anatomical humor  or character cliches  it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
all the filmmakers are asking of us  is to believe in something that is improbable .
if the very concept makes you nervous    youll have an idea of the films creepy  scary effectiveness .
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues  if only for the perspective it offers  one the public rarely sees .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
while not quite  shrek  or monsters  inc    its not too bad  its worth taking the kids to .
writerdirector david jacobson and his star  jeremy renner  have made a remarkable film that explores the monsters psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
savvy director robert j  siegel and his cowriters keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
it pulls the rug out from under you  just when youre ready to hate one character  or really sympathize with another character  something happens to send you off in different direction .
twenty years after its first release  e  t  remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies  and the apex of steven spielbergs misunderstood career .
it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
gives us a lot to chew on  but not all of it has been properly digested .
simone  is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs  an assassins greatest hits  to others  it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
gran historia sobre el amor  la familia  la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero .
at the end of the movie  my 6yearold nephew said   i guess i come from a broken family  and my uncles are all aliens  too   congrats disney on a job well done  i enjoyed it just as much .
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban womans yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
berling and bart    continue to impress  and isabelle huppert    again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
brosnan is more feral in this film than ive seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
on guard   wont be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the worlds best actors  daniel auteuil  have a whale of a good time .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so farfetched it would be impossible to believe if it werent true  this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
like all great films about a life you never knew existed  it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
that the egraveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chins film serves up with style and empathy .
while we no longer possess the lackofattention span that we did at seventeen  we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
though the film is static  its writerdirectors heart is in the right place  his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
the real star of this movie is the score  as in the songs translate well to film  and its really well directed .
its rare to find a film to which the adjective gentle applies  but the word perfectly describes pauline  paulette .
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy  in the end  though  it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters  who are alternately touching and funny .
together time out and human resources establish mr  cantet as frances foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored    audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently    but peter matteis love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive  if tragic  note .
by applying definition to both sides of the man  the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
who is the audience for cletis tout  anybody who enjoys quirky  fun  popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
cuarn has created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures  the road movie  the comingofage movie  and the teenage sex comedy .
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry cannot make a delightful comedy centering on food .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions  its touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor  like blended shades of lipstick  these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
emash wednesdayem is not edward burns best film  but it is a good and ambitious film  and it marks him as one of the most interesting writerdirectors working today .
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here  its a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen .
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
dont wait to see this terrific film with your kids  if you dont have kids borrow some .
moretti    is the rare commonman artist whos wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex  and  as it turns out  more fragile  than happiness .
the movies captivating details are all in the performances  from foremans barkingmad taylor to thewliss smoothly sinister freddie and bettanymcdowells hardeyed gangster .
precocious smarterthanthou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive  rightwing  proprietyobsessed family  anyone else seen this before .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought  better still  he does all of this  and more  while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama  this smartaleck movie    tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
this is a gorgeous film  vivid with color  music and life  delight your senses and crash this wedding .
smith examines the intimate  unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes  which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley  paxton  making his directorial feature debut  does strong  measured work .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
although tender and touching  the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
safe conduct   is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama  romance  tragedy  bravery  political intrigue  partisans and sabotage  viva le resistance .
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times  to save their children and yet to lose them .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowiczmann .
if you like an extreme actionpacked film with a hint of humor  then triple x marks the spot .
if youre the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix  i have just one word for you  decasia .
the films images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches  the story plays out slowly  but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
neil burger here succeeded in    making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
the complex  politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufmans approach  somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling  sensitive  intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
as quiet  patient and tenacious as mr  lopez himself  who approaches his difficult  endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
though the film never veers from its comic course  its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
evokes the style and flash of the doublecross that made mamets  house of games  and last falls  heist  so much fun .
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
the most audacious  outrageous  sexually explicit  psychologically probing  pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
the creative animation work may not look as fully rendered as pixars industry standard  but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
arthouse to the core  read my lips is a genrecurling crime story that revives the freewheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
grant is certainly amusing  but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length .
conceptually brilliant    plays like a livingroom war of the worlds  gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
drama of temptation  salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith  love and power .
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzledazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that  in the simple telling  proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
the performances are strong  though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
still rapturous after all these years  cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
macdowell    gives give a solid  anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else shes ever done .
the thing about guys like evans is this  youre never quite sure where selfpromotion ends and the truth begins  but as you watch the movie  youre too interested to care .
the film will appeal to discovery channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rosecolored glasses .
an eyeboggling blend of psychedelic devices  special effects and backgrounds  spy kids 2 is a visual treat for all audiences .
straightforward and oldfashioned in the best possible senses of both those words  possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
it may    work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scoobydoo shows or reruns .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself  namely  an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
apart from anything else  this is one of the bestsustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
pocas veces es posible ver un elenco tan compenetrado con la historia  donde todos y cada uno de los actores ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables .
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it  music that didnt sell many records but helped change a nation .
carrying off a spoton scottish burr  duvall  also a producer  peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
the acting  for the most part  is terrific  although the actors must struggle with the fact that theyre playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than fleshandblood humans .
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dasss latest book aimed at the boomer demographic  but mostly its a work that  with humor  warmth  and intelligence  captures a life interestingly lived .
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good  freundlichs world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
graphic sex may be whats attracting audiences to unfaithful  but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
when compared to the usual  more somber festival entries  davis highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart  smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic 60s grooved over into the gay 70s  but words dont really do the era justice  you have to see it .
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully  this remains a film about something  one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
what lifts the film high above runofthefilth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts  as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
weve seen the hippieturnedyuppie plot before  but theres an enthusiastic charm in i  fire that makes the formula fresh again .
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events  and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day  and of the thousands thereafter .
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
the unique niche of selfcritical  behindthescenes navelgazing kaufman has carved from orleans story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life  stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
its like a  big chill  reunion of the baadermeinhof gang  only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
the story gives ample opportunity for largescale action and suspense  which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
a real audiencepleaser that will strike a chord with anyone whos ever waited in a doctors office  emergency room  hospital bed or insurance company office .
its up to you to decide whether to admire these peoples dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism  manipulativeness and narrow  fearful view of american life .
mostly  goldbacher just lets her complicated characters be unruly  confusing and  through it all  human .
at its worst  the movie is pretty diverting  the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history  in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick  and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect  lovehate relationship .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism  and ms  ramsay and her cowriter  liana dognini  have dramatized the alan warner novel  which itself felt like an answer to irvine welshs book trainspotting .
youve already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles  but its worth yet another visit .
this kind of handson storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good  dry  reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it  though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm loves power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
grownup quibbles are beside the point here  the little girls understand  and mccracken knows thats all that matters .
this is a fascinating film because there is no clearcut hero and no allout villain .
is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness  the way chekhov is funny   profound without ever being selfimportant  warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
devotees of star trek ii  the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu  and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
a soulstirring documentary about the israelipalestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
whats so striking about jolies performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature  not even with that radioactive hair .
the main story    is compelling enough  but its difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
kinnear    gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of lifes ultimate losers .
hugh grant  who has a good line in charm  has never been more charming than in about a boy .
theres a lot of tooth in roger dodger  but whats nice is that theres a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
reminiscent of alfred hitchcocks thrillers  most of the scary parts in signs occur while waiting for things to happen .
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which peoples lives cross and change  buffeted by events seemingly out of their control  is intriguing  provocative stuff .
denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgraves career  it deserves to be seen everywhere .
you neednt be steeped in 50s sociology  pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes work  though haynes style apes films from the period    its message is not rooted in that decade .
waiting for godard can be fruitful  in praise of love is the directors epitaph for himself .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings  but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission    if  gory mayhem  is your idea of a good time .
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
it may not be particularly innovative  but the films crisp  unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
drawing on an irresistible  languid romanticism  byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beerfueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
works because were never sure if ohlingers on the level or merely a dying  delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
scherfig has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters lives after the clever credits roll .
a heady  biting  bebop ride through nighttime manhattan  a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which hell go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kidsinperil theatrics  but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
the piano teacher is not an easy film  it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves  and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as wellcharacterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure .
while its nothing we havent seen before from murphy  i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that its more than a worthwhile effort .
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins  flashbulbs  blaring brass and backstabbing babes  it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society  and not always for the better .
rarely has skin looked as beautiful  desirable  even delectable  as it does in trouble every day .
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
for all its brooding quality  ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable  with a sterling ensemble cast .
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didnt try to .
the film feels uncomfortably real  its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
entertaining despite its onejoke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
its dark but has wonderfully funny moments  you care about the characters  and the action and special effects are firstrate .
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the films length becomes a part of its fun .
beautifully crafted and brutally honest  promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
in my opinion  analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this  but it is a respectable sequel .
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style  text  and subtext thats so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance  but against all odds  nothing does .
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation  writerdirector anthony friedmans similarly updated 1970 british production .
this is an elegantly balanced movie  every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do  that doesnt reveal even a hint of artifice .
grant goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
a highspirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
about the best thing you could say about narc is that its a rocksolid little genre picture  whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
canadian filmmaker gary burns inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
a rollicking ride  with jawdropping action sequences  striking villains  a gorgeous color palette  astounding technology  stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
everyones insecure in lovely and amazing  a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers  daughters and their relationships .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tians meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
if you can push on through the slow spots  youll be rewarded with some fine acting .
an unusually dryeyed  even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
symbolically  warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy  a tribute to the power of women to heal .
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels  it actually improves upon the original hit movie .
like a precious and finely cut diamond  magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality its one tough rock .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot  putting together familiar themes of family  forgiveness and love in a new way  lilo  stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .
this is a nervy  risky film  and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece  the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
the film tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward  emotionally honest manner that by the end  its impossible to ascertain whether the film is  at its core  deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite  but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did  too .
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
like the series  the movie is funny  smart  visually inventive  and most of all  alive .
it was filled with shootings  beatings  and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
you dont know whether to admire the films stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace  or both .
sure  i hated myself in the morning  but then again  i hate myself most mornings  i still like moonlight mile  better judgment be damned .
time out is as serious as a pink slip  and more than that  its an observant  unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest  most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
anas journey is not a stereotypical one of selfdiscovery  as shes already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique .
cockettes has the glorious  gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days  featuring all manner of drag queen  bearded lady and lactating hippie .
theres something poignant about an artist of 90plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
this new zealand comingofage movie isnt really about anything  when its this rich and luscious  who cares .
tully is worth a look for its truetolife characters  its sensitive acting  its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of firsttimer hilary birmingham .
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
williams creates a stunning  taxi driveresque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
if youre in the right bmovie frame of mind  it may just scare the pants off you .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity  and theres the inimitable diaz  holding it all together .
spielbergs picture is smarter and subtler than total recall and blade runner  although its plot may prove too convoluted for funseeking summer audiences .
its got all the familiar bruckheimer elements  and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkinsrock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
a grittily beautiful film that looks  sounds  and feels more like an extended  openended poem than a traditionally structured story .
a wellrounded tribute to a man whose achievements  and complexities  reached far beyond the end zone .
claude chabrols camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters  veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
theres a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments  and yet  it still works .
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson .
like many western action films  this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing  but its heartfelt concern about north koreas recent past and south koreas future adds a much needed moral weight .
special p  o  v  camera mounts on bikes  skateboards  and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .
mike whites deft combination of serious subject matter and dark  funny humor make   the good girl  a film worth watching .
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
meant to reduce blakes philosophy into a tragic comingofage saga punctuated by bursts of animator todd mcfarlanes superhero dystopia .
as exmarine walter  who may or may not have shot kennedy  actor raymond j  barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
those who dont entirely get godards distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
petes screenplay manages to find that real natural  evenflowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
it uses some of the figures from the reallife story to portray themselves in the film  the result is a powerful  naturally dramatic piece of lowbudget filmmaking .
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us  this is not a classical dramatic animated feature  nor a hip  contemporary  injokey one  its sort of inbetween  and it works .
whether our actionandpopcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isnt much of a mystery  unfortunately .
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness  fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
its story about a young chinese woman  ah na  who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any arthouse moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome  if downbeat  missive from a forgotten front .
shyamalan continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood  while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
doesnt do more than expand a tv show to movie length  however  its pleasant enough and its ecological  prowildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
if youre looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger  enough is just the ticket you need .
a pointed  often tender  examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
as wellacted and wellintentioned as all or nothing is  however  the film comes perilously close to being too bleak  too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
a comedydrama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
its about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think thats what i liked about it  the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
elegantly produced and expressively performed  the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
writer director m  night shyamalans ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore  youll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
not a strike against yangs similarly themed yi yi  but i found what time  to be more engaging on an emotional level  funnier  and on the whole less detached .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages  spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
never lets go your emotions  taking them to surprising highs  sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches    gorgeous  passionate  and at times uncommonly moving .
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time  the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
washingtons strong hand  keen eye  sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
the films desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the naturenurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
a quietly introspective portrait of the selfesteem of employment and the shame of losing a job .
affable if not timeless  like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances  caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose  its a sight to behold .
its an unusual  thoughtful biodrama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking  sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
gangs  despite the gravity of its subject matter  is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible  he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further  richer and deeper  what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination  no creature  no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old  like being able to hit on a 15year old when youre over 100 .
ice age wont drop your jaw  but it will warm your heart  and im giving it a strong thumbs up .
like kissing jessica stein  amys orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty  insight and humor .
the lady and the duke is eric rohmers economical antidote to the bloated costume drama .
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
a soapopera quality twist in the last 20 minutes    almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of bmovie imagination .
theres something to be said for a studioproduced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
manages to accomplish what few sequels can  it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement  and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and welllensed gorefest .
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters  especially if youre in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
although melodramatic and predictable  this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipinoamericans and their frantic efforts to find love .
i have a new favorite musical  and im not even a fan of the genre .
noyce creates a film of nearhypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heartbreakingly extensive annals of whiteonblack racism .
starts slowly  but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the films conclusion powerful and satisfying .
pratfalls aside  barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
this amiable picture talks tough  but its all bluster  in the end its as sweet as greenfingers .
this is one of mr  chabrols subtlest works  but also one of his most uncanny .
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
even though we know the outcome  the seesawing of the generals fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomachknotting suspense of a legal thriller  while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
as relationships shift  director robert j  siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying  and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
a smart and funny  albeit sometimes superficial  cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wisemans previous studies of innercity high schools  hospitals  courts and welfare centers .
i prefer soderberghs concentration on his two lovers over tarkovskys mostly male  mostly patriarchal debating societies .
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy  it can easily worm its way into your heart .
does a good job of establishing a time and place  and of telling a fascinating characters story .
those of you who dont believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original  well  this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
ive yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese  but at least now weve got something pretty damn close .
its like rocky and bullwinkle on speed  but thats neither completely enlightening  nor does it catch the intensity of the movies strangeness .
as actionadventure  this spacebased homage to robert louis stevensons treasure island fires on all plasma conduits .
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed  the subject matter is so fascinating that you wont care .
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebraland  hence  more chillingly effective .
another in a long line of ultraviolent war movies  this one is not quite what it could have been as a film  but the story and theme make up for it .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isnt a new plot  in fact toback himself used it in black and white  but tobacks deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
in the directors cut  the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush  allenveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness  we also need movies like tim mccanns revolution no  9 .
the film occasionally tries the viewers patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy  but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
a bigbudgetallstar movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity  and an event .
certainly an entertaining ride  despite many talky  slow scenes  but something seems to be missing  a sense of real magic  perhaps .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
the movie worked for me right up to the final scene  and then it caved in .
plunges you into a reality that is  more often then not  difficult and sad  and then  without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality  transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
would you laugh if a tubaplaying dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can  do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a mans body  if you answered yes  by all means enjoy the new guy .
the film is    determined to treat its characters  weak and strong  as fallible human beings  not caricatures  and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with selfpreservation .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating  riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood thats sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
madeup lampoons the moviemaking process itself  while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on americas skindeep notions of pulchritude .
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
the films best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch  a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan  the characters move with grace and panache .
the pictures fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
the modern remake of dumass story is long on narrative and  too  short on action .
fred schepisis film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen  with a cast of alist brit actors  it is worth searching out .
suffers from its timid parsing of the barnside target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable  warm water may well be the years best and most unpredictable comedy .
its like an old warner bros  costumer jived with sex  this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make  though bette davis  cast as joan  would have killed him .
oh  james  your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality  and get this  madonnas cameo doesnt suck .
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the worlds religions  this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payamis boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot    a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics .
planos fijos  tomas largas  un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes  sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
im not a fan of the phrase life affirming because it usually means schmaltzy   but real women have curves truly is life affirming .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees  i wanted more .
if its unnerving suspense youre after  youll find it with ring  an indisputably spooky film  with a screenplay to die for .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed  and kurys direction is clever and insightful .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that cant totally hide its contrivances  but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
leigh isnt breaking new ground  but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
while broomfields film doesnt capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hiphop culture  it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness  making them meaningful for both kids and churchwary adults .
laughoutloud lines  adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances  and sparkling  bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girls dilemma .
tends to pile too many  serious issues  on its plate at times  yet remains fairly light  always entertaining  and smartly written .
its an entertaining movie  and the effects  boosted to the size of a downtown hotel  will all but take you to outer space .
sayles has a knack for casting  often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now    and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
despite an overwrought ending  the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
though nijinskys words grow increasingly disturbed  the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a nonnarrative feature .
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
from both a great and a terrible story  mr  nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
spiderman is about growing strange hairs  getting a more mature body  and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that its actually watchable  even more baffling is that its funny .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast  its better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring icet in a major role .
neither quite a comedy nor a romance  more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg  they live together  the film has a lot of charm .
first and foremost    the reason to go see  blue crush  is the phenomenal  waterborn cinematography by david hennings .
a visionary marvel  but its lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving  and the film itself  as well its delightful cast  is so breezy  pretty and gifted  it really won my heart .
in his latest effort  storytelling  solondz has finally made a movie that isnt just offensive  it also happens to be good .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood  its an actors showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects  but rather by emphasizing the characters  including the supporting ones .
i just saw this movie    well  its probably not accurate to call it a movie .
whats most memorable about circuit is that its shot on digital video  whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large    and small    with considerable aplomb .
scherfig  the writerdirector  has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar  yes  soar .
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
what really happened   is a question for philosophers  not filmmakers  all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
soderbergh  like kubrick before him  may not touch the planets skin  but understands the workings of its spirit .
much credit must be given to the watercamera operating team of don king  sonny miller  and michael stewart  their work is fantastic .
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its meanspirited second half .
franco is an excellent choice for the walledoff but combustible hustler  but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
tsai mingliangs witty  wistful new film  what time is it there   is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielbergs schindlers list  but mr  polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr  spielbergs 1993 classic .
a brilliant  absurd collection of vignettes that  in their own idiosyncratic way  sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
as warm as it is wise  deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer  providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drugrelated pictures  but it still manages to get a few punches in .
an energizing  intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hiphop culture in general and the art of scratching  or turntablism  in particular .
a fun family movie thats suitable for all ages  a movie that will make you laugh  cry and realize  its never too late to believe in your dreams .
if you open yourself up to mr  reggios theory of this imagery as the movies set    it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teendriven  toilethumor codswallop  and its name was earnest .
even though the film doesnt manage to hit all of its marks  its still entertaining to watch the target practice .
where this was lazy but enjoyable  a formula comedy redeemed by its stars  that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
the 3d vistas from orbit  with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe  are stanzas of breathtaking  aweinspiring visual poetry .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start  and  refreshingly  stays that way .
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
even when hes not at his most critically insightful  godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its lowkey way of tackling what seems like donetodeath material .
has enough wit  energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side  but also people who know nothing about the subject and think theyre not interested .
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism  and bertrand taverniers oftbrilliant safe conduct   laissezpasser   wears its heart on its sleeve .
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegadecop tales .
a charming  banterfilled comedy    one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims  and by extension  accomplishments  seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
serious moviegoers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
caruso sometimes descends into subtarantino cuteness    but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should  keeping it tight and nasty .
a  black austin powers   i prefer to think of it as  pootie tang with a budget   sa da tay .
oddly  the film isnt nearly as downbeat as it sounds  but strikes a tone thats alternately melancholic  hopeful and strangely funny .
i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation  but that shouldnt make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
chouraqui brings documentarylike credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ethnic cleansing .
the best thing i can say about this film is that i cant wait to see what the director does next .
campanellas competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafaels evolution .
for more than two decades mr  nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war  famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating  eloquent clarity .
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal  the film doesnt ignore the more problematic aspects of browns life .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the films action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo  com o perdo do trocadilho   no h como negar o brilhantismo da argumentao de seu diretor .
director lee has a true cinematic knack  but its also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly  unabashedly on its sleeve .
as allens execution date closes in  the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
a vivid  spicy footnote to history  and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
if sm seems like a strange route to true love  maybe it is  but its to this films  and its makers  credit that we believe that thats exactly what these two people need to find each other  and themselves .
if the films vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying  its throughline of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films    that argue that any sexual relationship that doesnt hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
its easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs  but westbrooks foundation and dalrymples film earn their uplift .
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallaces flagwaving war flick with a core of decency .
theres real visual charge to the filmmaking  and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lipreading sequence .
a brutal and funny work  nicole holofcenter  the insightful writerdirector responsible for this illuminating comedy doesnt wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
the film is a blunt indictment  part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
its a testament to the films considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining  despite playing out like a featurelength sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries  theres a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls .
tells  the story  with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plots persnickety problems is simply a matter of  being  in a shrugging mood .
the film is hard to dismiss  moody  thoughtful  and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness  it is also elevated by itthe kind of movie that you enjoy more because youre one of the lucky few who sought it out .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice  promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents anguish .
hey  happy  is many things  stoner midnight flick  scifi deconstruction  gay fantasia  but above all its a love story as sanguine as its title .
at its best    festival in cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in cannes .
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins thats hard to resist .
im happy to have seen it  not as an alternate version  but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
by turns gripping  amusing  tender and heartwrenching  laissezpasser has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
the warnings to resist temptation in this film    are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit thats so prevalent on the rock .
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across americas winter movie screens its a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained  but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
like its title character  this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances  and  also like its hero  it remains brightly optimistic  coming through in the end .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle  sex with strangers is a success .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it  but  spiderman  certainly delivers the goods .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and  because of its heightened  wellshaped dramas  twice as powerful .
theres no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
i have a confession to make  i didnt particularly like e  t  the first time i saw it as a young boy  that is because  damn it   i also wanted a little alien as a friend .
fairytale formula  serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting  dialogue  comedy  direction and especially charm .
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience  in a heartwarming  nonjudgmental kind of way  to consider what we value in our daily lives .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy  and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
a violent initiation rite for the audience  as much as it is for angelique  the opening dance guarantees karmens enthronement among the cinemas memorable women .
an animation landmark as monumental as disneys 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round  but what really sets the film apart is debrauwers refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie  and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the films lamer instincts are in the saddle .
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other troubleintheghetto flicks .
waydowntown manages to nail the spiritcrushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness  but thirteen conversations about one thing  for all its generosity and optimism  never resorts to easy feelgood sentiments .
often demented in a good way  but it is an uneven film for the most part .
the scripts snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis  but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
maggie smith as the yaya member with the o2tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass  then gasp for gas  verbal deportment .
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body  so original is its content  look  and style .
although i didnt hate this one  its not very good either  it can be safely recommended as a videodvd babysitter .
the film has the highbuffed gloss and highoctane jolts you expect of de palma  but what makes it transporting is that its also one of the smartest  most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
max pokes  provokes  takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve    as far as art is concerned  its mission accomplished .
literary purists may not be pleased  but as far as mainstream matineestyle entertainment goes  it does a bangup job of pleasing the crowds .
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood  and captures them by freeing them from artefact  and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
the story itself it mostly told through oncamera interviews with several survivors  whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that its as if it all happened only yesterday .
with  ichi the killer   takashi miike  japans wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman .
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but its a heck of a ride  samuel l  jackson is one of the best actors there is .
brehenys lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
spielbergs realization of a nearfuture america is masterful  this makes minority report necessary viewing for scifi fans  as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity  profanity and violence  labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
all in all  brown sugar is a satisfying wellmade romantic comedy thats both charming and well acted  it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
working from a surprisingly sensitive script cowritten by gianni romoli    ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls youd expect in such a potentially sudsy setup .
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
austin powers in goldmember  has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
schaeffer isnt in this film  which may be why it works as well as it does .
although estela bravos documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro  its still a guilty pleasure to watch .
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all  a condition only the old are privy to  and    often misconstrued as weakness .
if you can read the subtitles  the opera is sung in italian  and you like masterpiece theatre type costumes  youll enjoy this movie .
a pretty funny movie  with most of the humor coming  as before  from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit  as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
with its jerky handheld camera and documentary feel  bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bangbang  shootemup scene at the conclusion  but the performances of pacino  williams  and swank keep the viewer wideawake all the way through .
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising  subtle turn at the midway point .
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had  godfrey reggios career shines like a lonely beacon .
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love  communal discord  and justice unfolds .
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action  cheese  ham and cheek  as well as a serious debt to the road warrior   but it feels like unrealized potential .
its a testament to de niro and director michael catonjones that by movies end  we accept the characters and the film  flaws and all .
lan yu is a genuine love story  full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
pulls off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era  but also the feel .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping  in one way or another  with lifes endgame .
road to perdition does display greatness  and its worth seeing  but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows its won .
arliss howards ambitious  moving  and adventurous directorial debut  big bad love  meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
critics need a good laugh  too  and this tooextremefortv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous  sickening  sidesplitting goods in steaming  visceral heaps .
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the films problems .
peralta captures  in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago  the essence of the dogtown experience .
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pastafagioli comedy .
without resorting to camp or parody  haynes  like sirk  but differently  has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative  rich  and strange .
a quasidocumentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy  what time is it there  may prove to be tsais masterpiece .
mazel tov to a film about a familys joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary  one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brandnew tomorrow .
its nice to see piscopo again after all these years  and chaykin and headly are priceless .
