nayadrikj 4ever .
they just said it again i am dying .
i am a yankee by birth and lived much of my life in north i see no diff in level of racism .
jay z verse trash .
friendlyassh0le i miss my bf well i miss sooo shut the fuck up you whiny bitch .
send yall bitch asses fishing with us ikesizzle we aint beat san antonio all season i dont wanna play them nigguhs straightup .
not exactly the part i was but .
can they just send kat and andre home anyway because theyre rude and annoying and score everyone strategically mkr .
i know it was that dana whore if i get rid of them rn will you donate one to me8221 that bitch 8230 .
shy glizzy sound dumb as shit you know nothing bout .
are my least favorite places and the only places where cnn is not and ridiculed .
all people do in my house is bitch .
kat amp andre you only got through tonight because of your scoring why smile means u cant cook u have to cheat sad mkr .
every day i think maybe it will be the day i find no sexist tweets but it is never that day keep up the good fight women .
somebody put a on my dogs bitch .
bucketsmcnasty u bitches boring .
side hoes shall only eat side dishes fo ye are what ye .
you bitter bitches need a life .
hahah its funny how all the little dumb hoes want to follow you nigga just to be all up in your ass like bitch the fuck you fo .
for the 1st time in the tom brady era the patriots are in sole possession of last place in the afc east .
you da realest bitch out here amber .
i wish i had a dollar for every time i met people who didnt understand basic concepts like confirmation bias .
fine walk bitch .
little niggas love making their girlfriends look stupid entertaining other bitches and so on a real nigga would .
you are a boy you dont say clutch fag ass thats that bitch shit lingo tf .
im sure opening the bbq to let all the hot air out will make it cook faster mkr .
i be try a log on to ig an like pics but bitches dont be posting no pics .
these hoes out of control .
i run in our community local cops treat ppl like trash for that i hate it makes ppl think its a waste .
kunikos open world stuff just confuses me theres too much to do i need more of a path .
just need to figure out a way to hire people without their names publicly for security reasons is that a thing .
do it then pussy .
jaredchase there was one where theres like this dude hes big and the hands out of the ground .
ordered chinese 128079 bitch you just ate tacos you fat fuck .
what is the sjw version of such .
all of kate leaked nudes today amp more bitch lo8230 .
sschinke ex if someone starts and another person in the face person is attacked by arm .
best man ever id fuck her right in the pussy my .
nowomanisright just knowing u can still go out and bag some bitches is good enough for me the that comes with bagging .
thanks mkr for once again letting the dramatic ones through so boring .
drdisco that hotpot looks like all of the chart on one plate mkr .
watching wadhwa claim that he never received financial oh we know this isnt how that works stopwadhwa2015 .
bloggerboxing the jacob and picks have been very similar as the love for faggot as well .
damn it be cold fo a colored man .
i will eat these hoes alive .
i cant stop being a lil bitch8221 .
patricechienne would be a more interesting at a dinner party mkr .
jjauthor 12 in one crash there wasnt supposed to be that many members of a team on one bird .
thanks now go clean that trash can ya lil nasty lol .
i feel like its gon be a round dis bitch deez niggas .
just texted yea queer bait 128536 .
mattstratton cigardubey yeah its pretty rad for managing multiple accounts in various services .
if a nigga in nap can fuck my bitch that mean she lame for fuckin a lame all deez niggas here corny asl .
enough with the instant restaurants already mkr .
its awesome when people youve known for years talk trash about you behind your back and then ask you for later truly awesome .
i honestly do not understand the attacks on this man ninaburleigh on wadhwa .
update ripped this passive aggressive bullshit the fuck down yesyouresexist .
its a problem bitch ya better follow me i give ya this dick you then won the lottery .
too many good single girls too many hoes taken .
samred yo appreciate the shout out for ggautoblocker but article is technically incorrect .
that bitch .
hehe im used to copying a status url and a lot p love all of the responses i get though ty for the idea .
cut that bitch off .
8220cbmarie fuck them texts 128526 its a movement lmaooo 8220koleworld4 courts texting off on me used to be bitch bout it tho 128553 .
lakers are trash .
the funny thing is the daughter never got kicked out on her one night stand i didnt have the courage to tell her her mom an official hoe .
82201bookieg i just fucked the life out this bitch .
fck dem old hoes no double entree .
metroadlib i be close to going real east side detroit on they monkey ass but i dont .
hookers are always wants to be with a bitch .
so i took a 1000 pictures with him and he ate all the brownies i made but hes the new homie .
ladies do yall before visiting ur or let it grow out because u dont wanna seem like a hoe .
nyjusdntgaf whats up nigger 128513 .
give her dope dick now she a fuckin hoe u a fool if u thought a nigga neva had it yo .
is key to closing the life gap .
ive had the epic but i always kept it in can be in and be used at the same time .
swag fags are now because great america and christmas in the park are both closed 128514 .
she a dyke if one side of her head is faded out .
are kat and whats his face paid actors surely people cant be that negative all the time mkr .
steve got murdered by his side bitch man life is crazy .
someone carry me to the party i am done .
teeyouvee sweet no one has used this yet and there appears to be of a watching to see when it goes through .
then i fuck yo bitch .
welcome to the latest episode of thinks he can still code with your host poor fucker who has to clean it up .
steezeyflow it does you and all your hipster friends are ugly as fuck and yo pussies all stank .
bitch i need that body high do not fuck wit my head .
shall i compare thee to a day no a day is not a bitch .
idntwearcondoms if i dm u dont announce it to the timeline bitch im tryna fuck on the low .
had to wash the bird shit off of my creatures sweep .
bennybalboa tell that boy he a hoe i just called him .
beyondfatal beyondfatal my bitch bruhhh 8221 my nigga my nigga .
i never had a nigga taken from me in order to take him from me he must not return keep that in mind bitch 128129 .
srhbutts it looks like gamergate all over the place again .
lmao dog just type them out and let them faggots try to it .
theres also claims that hes made about having a fever which turned into a heart attack in later of the story oo .
ameliagreenhall you rock fuck about that guy .
hahaha awe yea got a date with the baddest bitch around .
versaceezy she said 8220i want a man who can pick me up during bitch you lucky i picked you up at all gas prices high as hell .
i didnt buy any alcohol this weekend and only bought 20 fags proud that i still have 40 tbh .
thats like what some trailer trash chick would name their cat .
idk is shes actually from there lol we followed a band but we met a few this bitch had like 4 teeth i swear lol .
no this little hood bitch did not just try to take me to task for joking with my niece about not being a lesbian gtgt .
my problem is that i love bad bitches .
ugly hoes love to fight lmao they aint got none to lose 128553128514 .
im the crazy bitch that will call you 10 times in one hour .
nothing says fashion like a cunt hat .
when your man call you a bitch when yall arguing he dont think you really a bitch you just actin like one .
them hoes are clean .
rem2014 dont start with this again haha my grandma come over hoe if ya want ill try to ya up today if ya .
ima catfish a bitch with fake arms .
when people write a review of my comedy that starts with im not easily offended but this was just not funny that .
bitch .
this bitch in here putting long on like a .
i used to have pet bunnies i named them and .
sramirez07943 you dont know where i you stupid cunt .
ash and camilla yes lt3 mkr .
when you in a public place and ya side hoes come outta no where 128557 .
which was my first choice .
if you buy tickets for 3d they just lock you in an trash can and toss you from an into .
ugly people taken 128143 nerds taken 128143 hoes taken 128143 everybody taken 128143 me .
craigslistlove i want to eat as much pussy as i can before 29 .
salacioussully i am always amazed at your to keep on going into the night shift is it really better than the to ghetto .
remember dad running a hoe over corn after a freeze to knock the dead leaves off after they turn brown .
just is a bitch .
this bitch is nasty .
buzzfeed males who live in the city and buy meat under plastic mock girls who use guns and go hunting who is more manly .
having hoes fun till you lose that girl that you really wanted over them hoes .
there is a bird here on the ground and its still alive i cant believe it .
if you dont like my tweets with my belief in jesus christ please respect it but dont mock it or make negative .
you a world class hoe .
littlenamms stick to the court hoe .
listening to the latina women talk about their baby daddys bitches asses makes being in the sub at worth ita little bit .
lets talk about how deserves to go down asap but where was the media on fucker is still a .
i know how you never thought id see the sox win in my lifetime hope you can use yankees hook up to see a game .
yea im illiterate hot as a bitch 128079 .
this waiting thing is for the birds .
another round of instant restaurants get to the good stuff already mkr .
praying todays pictures dont come out yellow 128591 .
that ass got a niggah .
so bitch shoot me a look it better be a blank stare or get in the .
these hoes like .
just the content of the tweet not the name of the person that sent it pref with a screenshot .
8220100d all these hoes sooo average of course .
mr wadhwa i would love to broadcast this entire interview the way it is dead silence from wadhwa .
wait till you hear your scores butcher models mkr .
running this account before 9 am without an irish coffee is not .
oshititslaura with ma bitch c yadirasarmiento .
popehat satoshiksutra darktechmonitor i am glad i was able to contribute in some small way to your thursday .
trash night tonight i can already hear the sound of americas out on the street four wheels one of them .
dont bitch then get mad when i stop trying lol .
my lilbthebasedgod ima make a song called and its about a gay party boy who8217s a fat slut with no bitches .
fag .
i cant trust a bitch 128175 .
the bacon of vegetables mkr2015 mkr .
dylanw not publicly and only to him thats not an insult hes the one that it near the top of his blog post .
shes a bad bitch .
you dont have to say it you showed yaself bitch nobody said i did now shut the fuck up that fat made you retarded .
dylanw im sorry you dont have any time that sucks but next time you might want to look further before useless .
some pussy be so wet gotta think about other things not to cum fast like damn i really failed the 6th grade .
my nigga does nothing but win with the bitches breh .
freebsdgirl this is all youll ever be known for very sad that but funny too pailofawesome professorf .
all you bitches thirsty hella worried about ig .
this is the kind of catwalk you see in or mkr .
creepgoddess hell no where is the pussy print page .
that and we spent half of our year and most of our senior year bitching at each other for being dumb bitches sooo theres that too .
bitch i dont fucking know you .
ff notallbhas sarahjeong hypatiadotca randiebooks girlziplocked notallbhas i mentioned her twice because shes rad .
she says i act different she thinks that its them bad bitches naw babe its just you and the thought of you being my misses .
those god damn bitches smh run away .
ivanrabago at least put a caption when stealing the pic fag lol .
the same hoes is still at it .
leo is as he me for the night .
vomitdatruth no more chunky for you he doesnt even hook it up like that .
im not always a bitch sometimes i sleep .
i dont want no philly disease lol thot bitch .
nigeldixon1 just think if alex won some that sorry son of a bitch will never win us a game .
once at a dance i tried to do the worm to impress this bitch and i my dick on the .
eloisepeace i am seriously that they have spent more than a few hours in a kitchen in their whole lives mkr .
i hate that hoe she aint bout shit .
just texted my phone this bitch just blew my high .
good girls take months before they move on only hoes jump from nigga to nigga dont argue with me this is .
eh it happened i didnt set out to lose weight or anything .
the kinghorsedick vianawf 128557128557128557128557128557 these bitches big bruh .
can receive a code or number that they must use in the title of their letters .
jaimescudi would i be a bitch if i said yea but never told you where i stay at .
itsdesha give me head amp kiss yo bitch you a ill nigga .
do you know how good are at 2am answers you havent given up all your whoa .
that pastry looks awful mkr .
breaking yankees lebron james in a 3 team deal per sources .
aint nuttin ta fuck that bitch dawg frohorsemen .
128553128557 freegeezy17 my co worker talking about whats my twitter name oh no hoe you could never screen shot me to the boss .
people asking for donations for real the bitch made thousands of dollars for having better be fuckin me .
128514128514 100046729 bitches so late ion exposed .
you right fam pufntrees 202sole jus peeped ur at a bitch .
a major league bitch too .
that nigguh will never play football again .
mkr is making me feel all right now sassy .
aianhangover karma is only a bitch to bitches .
man that is a serious shiner .
trestiffer hi bitch no bitch .
heres an idea give them and make it a real sudden death mkr .
fake pics get off my tl u r dismissed muzzie darknight420 jewjitsugrl .
tmclaughbos apparently not .
yall niggers have a good thanksgiving .
commie whiteponyjr this faggot commie .
fygm culture is a real issue like i fought my way here and it sucked but im strong if you cant do this its your problem .
cornfrmr i was gone once dog ran a coon up the pole she picked it off with one still had .
yesyouresexist she has been found safe .
mykitchenrules bowl of or wheat would be perfect mykitchenrules here come the hungrycampers mkr .
how she stay faithful with a room full of hoes .
hos will literally do anything to say they got a nigga dawg 128514128514 .
according to gdc is just a place for rich people to drugs guys i guess ill bring enough wine to share then .
you stupid lil ass bitch i aint fuckin with chuuu .
smoke good weed with a bad bitch .
bae sounds like such a ghetto word use something else .
oh my god seriously pure evil that is not editing its just plain nasty to make those comments mkr katandandre .
yopapichulo it doesnt matter if it was a joke the fact still remains that hes a faggot for pretending to be a girl .
i love faggots absolutely love them especially the ones that can dress to the tea .
mmm maple bacon is the bomb mkr .
this bitch was rockin gucci and her man was smokin a ecig smh fake ass ass .
mattstratton cheeseplus talk about bringing tweets back from the dead .
bajalime bidetofevil will def be getting back to this though i think will be a good idea for us .
girlziplocked nitin when a dude uses the word you know hes not even worth talking to .
i call those my ghetto reason i went 2 jail as well .
deray another set of officers just arrived guns drawn and police dog all went up the hill ferguson pd .
goes to yankee beer home lights it for a boyfriend .
yo bitch all over me i aint make no commitment .
pls stop gassing fat hoes .
thompsonera ahhh you know who so smart 128516 but yes im glad you speak your mind to these hoes .
bookshopaddict surprise announcement another bloody instant restaurant round mkr .
as a man i feel like you a bitch if you living off a female havin her buy all yo shit fucc that never be on someone .
taxstone shout out to all them bitches who dont own no designer shit and still look better than all yall bitches with everything .
nyrkelsmads its perfection my brain crossed or something i dont know why i came up with the ghetto one .
no i dont own the pussy i just sample it .
niggaz retweet bitch ass niggaz but wont retweet a real nigga .
so i guess that makes us blacks double niggers huh .
voiceofdstreetz hahahaha signs be funny than a bitch .
niggah you 128532 .
ill take yo bitch and make her everybody .
my mentions amp tl moving fast af sorry if im flooding yo shit im lowkey tryna get off this hoe for yall .
well done to who correctly answered 26 yellow and 1 red card so far this season .
ray rice bitch .
the bae gettin her nips pierced 128525128525 .
lettherainefall fag thats some gay ass shit .
if i can get this bitch to go gtgt wisdomstature .
ill say it if no one else kat needs serious medication mkr mkr2015 .
hey kcgreenn thought youd like to know a version of one of your comics is going around with offensive .
justkarahn 8220whatido jus called her future baby a lil bitch tell the world why dont you 128530 .
cry baby bitch .
yo bitch on the horn tryna shoot a porn kingl thats t shirt worthy tony .
they sound like cunts .
this is a joke right mkr .
drasko is his superiority over steve as a fellow chef by making his hair taller with every dinner mkr mkr2015 .
idntwearcondoms u a hoe if you have children and youre still awake .
it only be yall worthless bitches that be like that though .
miami isnt a good city at believe the shit you see on tv that city is trash .
millions thanks evan nice source .
if youre a freshman and youve fucked 14 of the boys in the senior class youre a hoe .
me and my homie rockin that bitch all night .
im okay with talking trash .
mt89 oh come on theyre not even trying to hide their hypocrisy anymore .
come to the davis show and celebrate with me you retard .
if having hoes still you you still have some growing to do lil mf .
i got 300 bitches like im sosa hoe my like some mop and glo .
kat and andres dish looks shit again mkr .
mkr at least there are judging honestly .
living with my bitches live .
princess iz a bad bitch .
horny called me asking her to buy her a drink this morning and then this jiggaboo walks in with a drink in her hand done .
now i from niggas i dont trust niggas that aint starve wit me and all the bitches i didnt fuc .
chilli and her son have the same and seem to share clothes yer in the public eye stop crying ya bitch .
say how you do that i got this lil bitch who aint getting the .
someone on facebook made a status defending him so i dropped a bomb full of knowledge on that bitch and .
niggas swear they dont trust these hoes but be fucking raw .
fuck da 1x fuck dear hoes 128514 .
youre just trash like sorry .
only fat bitches and flat booty hoes today .
bye ugly hoe please do something about that nasty horse hair weave .
bad bitches in the make my toes curl .
i wonder if those fans in la feel like charlie brown after the ball away .
funkydineva if you can barely walk in your heels or your dress bitch you are trying to hard .
silvermillsy nope 34 in september .
throwback to when vivek offered to show me around su to shut me up .
im not a journalist mja333 .
bae made me deep fried oreos 128523 .
amperez they are little bitches when they are proven wrong .
if she hates being kissed in the mouth she a me different .
you pussy if you lie for pussy 128175128175 .
soda yeah shocking .
some of the ice melted in my car cause the dumb fuck at decided he wanted to strike up a conversation wit a fat ugly bitch smfh .
got a missed call from yo bitch .
or a dumb bitch with no self esteem i cant for now its 128591 .
this is really for exploding giant yellow ducks appreciate this .
this brings us to today when the hero of this story jcmanous was on a bus near listening to his doing his thing .
me coolin with all my hoes .
stop actin like yu just started wearin ya uggs bitch i seen you break em out in august .
i want one ae yous to start something with me tbh but yous are aw pussy shame .
krislisisms grow up bitch .
all the time lol koolassk lol ima hoe sometimes .
search doesnt filter blocks by default it should imo .
there no such thing as too much pussy .
metroidthief omg i am dying laughing .
darkskin girls ugly ass bitch .
my kitchen rules mkr 2015 episode 23 recap eva and debra serve up a record .
0xabad1dea kelseytheodore2 twitter is basically the angry letters of our generation .
as long as theyre qualified wow i cant .
you might have a lot of followers bitch but a third wants to just fuck you the second third would hate your personality 8230 .
bad bitches and good weed .
maniacmind nick504 i said i was from where stop putting words in my mouth thats something a bitch would do .
he tried to do an on reddit about working at zynga all of his were twats got shouted down by all of them .
theres a green bowl high a high a j high a blunt high a moke high and a moke coffee high .
so this seems to suggest steve has had a with nikki amp they make it through mkr .
leave it 2 teabaggers 2 whine about when they r the ones who wont pay for it waiting on god to fix it morningjoe .
thebloodshow ugly hoes be the u need to duck off amp hide yourself frfr .
manu just kat and it was the best thing ive la france mkr mkr2015 .
vodage kaitlynburnell i have no idea what this tweet is in reply to .
im known around as the ugly kid with no hoes .
i was eating amp my mom gon say damn calm down tf bitch i am calm .
who wants to get there nose in these bad then scally hot sox and legs .
bjayblast i love my family but i wouldnt even need water to pop that red pill that hoe is getting taken .
she gone eat that bitch .
come on sheri and emilie you guys can do it mkr .
your boobs are fake youre a little bitch youre not cute and i want to punch you .
eanahs i done had everything you hoes ever wanted so to my daddy nigga w the money .
ass cream mkr mkr2015 .
wow theres a lot of trash in my mentions this morning rape culture .
kat amp andre are about as popular as jake right now mkr .
as of now favorite teams on mkr would have to be eva amp debra and will amp steve least favorite would definitely be kat and andre .
i am a zebra the .
its a lil bitch at the bus stop with adidas amp socks on i know dem mfs soggy as fuck .
thanksgiving dinner proof on main a day being with a giant bird in your http .
is a bitch point blank period .
niggas talk more than bitches these days .
the bitch official though dick harder than a yo .
6 on these hoes i am not big .
i need to change myself first im retarded as fuck .
when bitches you dont like talk to you at work .
rem2014 im drunk that hoe by myself bro solo dolo .
austin is making bitches horny right now .
a lot of dumb bitches out here .
if she do then she gone die too i aint playin dawg bitches gone be then i will be too .
niggas be wanting bitches with money but be broke as dirt .
im not really a phone kinda guy i actually hate talking on the phone amp texting kinda trash to me also .
that bitch .
yall hoes broke be stealing from the mall but be flexing .
clicquotsuave perfect my mas hoes mas mas p mas moet my type of party blasting out a cali condo .
imjessicaaaaa vintagemonroe haha bitch .
i dont know because i had everyone else on that thread blocked but im am so hard right now .
jefdabest juice niggah 100 with vitamin c youll piss it out .
therealemandm aint like i have anything to do bitch boy lol .
kat should be kicked off for bullying disgraceful behaviour mkr .
we dont pop out bitch we slide .
tastemygayness lol imma look at a bitch ass if i wanna .
lmfao what if your back is dry when you get out the shower youre a hoe .
street birds homeless people in via .
aint amp midcityace whos daddy a fuck nicca .
pussy ass bitches .
no one cares bitch .
kaitlynburnell i dont think ive ever asked anyone out before huh want to get some coffee when i get back into town .
id like to see someone try to hit me off jokes on you bitch i dont have internet .
annie lloyd vicki and andre should be up there with them mkr .
someone outside just asked me if im the woman that wrote theblockbot cc oolon .
mykitchenrules so glad colin has a bigger role in the show this season time to change it up mkr amazing .
people gotta learn to appreciate the people that go out if their way to help you even if you dont want their help dont he a bitch .
mkr so far deconstruction seems to also be happening on theblock how abt something .
shittin on all my old hoes .
dont play with my emotions bjayblast i gotta make some when i get back that hoe will have you gone .
and these hoes shallow trifling but we been knew that .
youre a dumb bitch wow .
mkr stuff that just buy the dam tortillas and make the breakfast absolutely delicious not points for making your own in my eyes .
kimw16 quit being a baby hit that pussy .
a light tender yellow butter cake with a classic boiled made from burnt sugar .
bitches be swearing they pussy soooo good nonsense 128545 .
go team sheri and emilie you girls rule mkr mykitchenrules .
sound like a real nigga to me stood under the monkey bats looking up girls skirts during time fucking .
holy monkey balls its warm today .
gook lil stupid ass bitch i dont fuck with .
beans on toast for dinner tonight would score higher than tonights menu for sure mkr mkr2015 .
just hit 40 in flappy .
but at the same time she hates me so i dont wanna trust her bitch ass .
really or anthony weiner mj is a clown show for teabaggers and the rich come on msnbc do you want good ratings morningjoe .
i bet these bitches trying to set me up 127911 .
need to get outta that bitch all bad now but as long as you getting that paper you good .
niggahs telling hoes im down talking them just so i cant get on 128514 .
thompsonera bruh they both alive thats bitch who well 128514 .
ima get this so every time i throw trash away its where it really belongs .
oh my username is already taken so ive done this before fuck uplay .
when i was 16 amp me my homies used to go to the mall to pull hoes id be at home later that night like .
thats yo bitch i was all up in her guts .
unfortunately i love her the most tho kinghorsedick vianawf thats ur hoe too .
free birds lol .
nikki minaj is proof that natural is better is best some of yall hoes be it .
derekgatewood i got a amp to but its probably ghetto right .
maybe bitches will stop talking about this dude one day .
i cant remember all the girls ive smashed on shit8221 not technically it takes 999665039 .
fuck that hoe .
katandandre might have to eat her words after some not so great feedback on their ham and gruyere dish mkr tvweekmag .
so i can get into something the full bird of paradise yoga pose time to make my .
dating a faggot smh .
when your bro ask for a turn when you about to get some pussy .
playoffs bitch .
ballout057 1stblocjeremiah this bitch think look like rihanna .
does nobody sell orange flavored and colored is that your fuckin problem giants fuck it im going now .
im just tryna get to sleep before the birds start getting .
today the day bitches lets turn tf up zayzillaaa thompsonera httpt8230 .
come get this catfish pussy .
i got that hoe haha if you wanna borrow it .
metroidthief for victims of abuse its often not discussed because of a feeling of shame victim assumes fault then public blame .
my main bitch .
metroadlib amanda wants fizz to protect dude told yo ass on multiple occasions to let this bitch be .
mkr kat and andre dont like anything but yet plate was clean funny that fuck off already guys .
slingsxarrows i aint no lady bitch .
i swear i hate when im somewhere and a woman catches my that clearly says alpha and ask me am i a yes bitch lol .
tarah girlziplocked hypatiadotca justkellyok ameliagreenhall excuse me if i dont roll out the welcome for him .
the just walked in to claim the puppy the police are not happy .
i lied the fair isnt the only place girls dress up like sluts hash tag bitches .
dad bought me a brownie shake .
charlesbwaffle oh i am she cool though might off her a brownie lol .
shervyn i dont even know what that is oh gosh .
only for one reason cause a bitch wont go gay if your name nt smurf i see .
yankees comes in to close out the game here in the 9th yankees .
bullshit how the fuck do they stay how the fuck did they get away with that bullshit ugh no sore winners too mkr .
bitches will give their pussy to the whole community but wont give a nigga a piece of gum .
bitch you bitch you lol .
callmerenee 1inkkofrosess hey hoe .
hurt ass how ah whole nigga hate on a bitch tf .
shut up bitch .
hoe stfu .
you wonder why i call you bitch you wonder why i call you bitch 2pac .
z0mbiedance gabbys a bitch amp made jackie make the tea packet first .
getting over a painful experience is like crossing the monkey bars you have to let go at some point in order to move .
crazy bitch 128076 .
caymarieee i love my bffl she dont even smoke but for my bday bitch gone b fa me .
nikkis is annoying me im ready to wipe it off and kick her off the show mkr .
got the best chicken strips i swear i lemons over them hoes .
bitches talk shit you got the right to swerve god you are da .
4 and 1 .
ive never had a twinkie .
pepperredbone yankees mets i miss the pizza the passion .
omg i wanna punch this guy in the face .
pussy pussy pussy i smell ya bout a mile .
alas i am in neither my skills are limited to pointless stat trash talk .
i dont think theres anything more ugly than announcing how pretty you are over and over again mkr .
couldnt care less about any bitch 128079 .
its not right but its the rule the nfl has a strike policy for drugs and josh gordon is retarded .
i guess ive been doing a good enough job that a site decided i was public enemy 1 something to write home about .
my favorite episode of friends is the one where blacks and unemployed white people find ho8230 .
you a dike cause yo man a pussy .
ur trash .
remember when people one direction and gaga was having none of it i love that bitch .
versaceezy if we date u dont even gotta worry bout me talking to other hoes cus i aint got any .
yeah man all my niggas dipped to the cars and left and i was in a getting chased by the ghetto bird .
if you thought mansion was crazy with migos wait til boosie amp yo shut that bitch down tonight .
presented without comment .
me and peter have always been slaying these hoes .
jeff is to blame for the astros not blowing out the red sox and yankees hc .
this weekends going to be fabulous naa man youre seeing nae cunt if you do theyll be in 2 seconds flat hate u .
jihadi streams british isis fighter as abu al killed in action .
i listened to dedication 4 about three times exactly any more than that gon make you a pussy eater .
branninwgl new pussy like a baltimore love thing out this bitch .
yep .
i cant believe these ghetto fucks left this little kid next to me hes now playing with fucking everything odds of his survival .
ur still at tommy cock jesus christ thats a ghetto dream .
yesyouresexist if anyone is interested in to the project in their discipline i have an you can go to town on .
for such bold people seems to make bitches out of alot of you .
i hate that i wake up early the morning after i drink but the fact that there was a cold yellow gatorade in the fridge gets me so happy .
fashion by randi .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx a very hot black tranny is .
slingsxarrows you sub tweeting me nig .
girlziplocked tarah hypatiadotca justkellyok ameliagreenhall this whole thread .
yung sa second page na may closed ended questions etc sa 12 yellow .
is like the sunshine and blue sky the song of a bird a smile at the front porch the perfume of the ocean on cheeks .
celiadeeter they make mistakes sometimes but they are good people and they try to do whats right i support them .
they gotta sell they ugliness 128514128514 ugly bitches be the most stuck up like what .
mrfoolycooly i dont think he did the celestial dragon killed him .
2nd and last time ill ever call you that faggot .
killsheredon i cant handle no liquor but these bitches cant handle me .
someone tell this hoe to turn on lion king .
hoes gon be hoes let them be .
how dare a woman be happy out of context .
when hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites .
my sister said my step mom is a cunt lt3 i love my sister .
watching forrest gump has taught me that these bitches wanna hoes until theyre tired .
128528 who did you rob them hoes like 4 online .
i rescued a baby bird .
man i hope she dont think i think she a hoe .
danusaur aye stfu you dyke lookin bitch im pretty sure you have a bigger dick than your boyfriend .
brownbagpantry to be fair none of those things have anything to do with twitters tos or even free speech for that matter p .
thank goodness jessie amp are out mkr .
you could just delete the first 10 words from that tweet and lose nothing of substance .
lebron bout to cry lil bitch .
kiefferjason bitch lets fight today where you at or are you going to bitch up again i think your going to bitch up again .
yo fag .
desertfox899 is this 1997 who uses .
theyre calling it because the wind is going to make a lot girls clams really .
gets a pass by of mostly being a bird .
when ratchet bitches find out the club aint 10 to get in .
hoes .
theres pussy makeup .
lol ike turner .
truth be told thats all my pussy 128175 .
freaky bitch eat the dick while im playing madden .
lildurk never have kids by a fan bitch if so cop signedtothestreets2 lol .
souljaboy kmichelle crank that shitty pussy .
i get scared when dudes are staring at me in shock in the instead of keeping their damn eyes on the road .
someone really wants to keep them in mkr .
i hate chunky sauce keep vegetables way from me .
i start monday lil bitch .
pretty motherfucker pull up in this bitch like .
hoes are always putting your self in a nigga situation yall not going to be satisfied till you get your ass beat by a nigga .
nigga ended up going messing with them hoes and then signed a the of moral of the story take what u can get .
chicks be mad at me for tweetin about hoes like im talkin about a specific someone lol sorry ladies if the shoe fits then wear it .
bitches be doing too much on twitter .
when she her pussy bye 128075 .
this music is trash .
justdoitrob ill throw a at her bitch ass .
kick her in the cunt .
you fucking pussy .
my be from doin dem flows is hard on a ol colored body in da heat dem white women be when day want dare flows fixed .
i tweet like a nigger .
say you love that bitch so much ill kill yo ass in front of her .
nope not sexist in the slightest .
u drunk bitch lol .
fuck a nigga feelings fuck a nigga bitch .
you know people ghetto when they leave the plastic shit on their tvs .
waiting for one of them to trip down the stairs mkr .
being .
laughing on the inside thinking thats what yo bitch ass get fuck boy .
yooocaly hahaha it makes sense hoe p .
cool cool fuck wit u too nicca .
the serve up better shit than this garbage on mykitchenrules mkr .
smashed a chick and thought she was related to so i felt guilty but then later discovered he didnt know the ho .
i the running and am eating chips and brownies .
im way out of your league hoe please excuse my ego .
funny how people who take their fantasy sports very seriously are celebrated while those who play dampd are .
drake is bitch made for that likes so much and wont do a track over that .
jimnorton hey jim youll love this .
aninkyaffair yes d .
i want a baby but im young and retarded so no .
tonyjrodriguez imma get my crew on dis fuckin fag real talk nigga turn up .
snip snip hoe .
ill be ready for breakfast by the time this episode is finished mkr .
so before you wear a thong get yo pussy in check .
i run faster when i wear these .
oh rob your hat fark it .
realniggasherm wen he ho da road .
nedgilmore can wreck when im disc not so much as shadow but all my gear is p .
what you know about getting money low key hanging with the street niccas fukn wit the .
bitches please in fewer than 100 people were and literally 2 of those were reported as critical .
lmaoo one nigga had that 2nd pic as that pussy from lmaoo that shit killed me .
mkr i think i just threw up in my mouth .
these bitches aint shit amp pussy is my greatest love smokin weed i hate advice .
even fool a colored man wit dis bullshit .
you aint my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin .
i dont pity or hate faggots sexual are necessary side effect of evolution but at 4 is a sign humans fucked up .
scientists have recently discovered that bitches do in fact be trippin .
life achussle im not giving these hoes free meals so they can go lay up with the dude they cant get over nope .
after 4 hours and almost 8 pages i want to slit my wrists but i guess ill just settle for sleep .
an to cherry mx .
i feel that i see nothing wrong with the gta killing bc its not the sole purpose of the game .
lets do nips and spank me maybe .
guys i just walked into an office and the has a bird looks like i may just find out for myself .
what is this .
on set of hoping there are no birds above me .
runway lessons mkr .
online soon i didnt have enough to get it after my its a cracker i need it can u .
128530 my nerves are being worked cos of my monkey .
i love bad bitches 128525128525128525 .
i feel bad for all you bitches that have never been to disney world .
pumpkin eater whered you find that no good white trash hoe trashy .
the face you make before you tell a bitch about herself i make dat face too much .
great parody account a .
imtoomuch bread in general aint too good for honky bread the .
fuck you youre a fucking a lowlife piece of trash .
my blue flag nd ya bitch blowing me like play .
when charlie crist said rick scott just too shady for the sunshine state .
slayerific13 daisymcgarr like i said i might have to check but im just not sure bird shot counts as getting shot .
one of the tried me talking about stay till 2am and aint nobody ordering i walked out that bitch .
lilreese300 i take chances real street nigga shit take chances by fuckin wit u nothin ass hoes .
shamargothoes j cole aint trash period .
pisses me off so much when screams fag or whore out the window at people .
females now a days dont like to do anything freaky because you niggas gossip about it like bitches .
fightsonvine she used her hair to throw her then kicked her in the head then called her a bitch 128553128514 .
lildurk no time to play wit bitches .
oreos are basically dirt circles with true .
the intro for my hacking or why i am even writing this .
metroadlib i thank every broad in the universe who takes that step forward colored contacts in her one less person 8230 .
when em said im on my straight so why would i buy you a gay ass teddy bear bitch youre already bipolar .
whats really funny bout this pic is im sure they believe them hoes is bad 128514128514128514128514 .
i swear bitches wouldnt have nothing to worry about but they dont know how to shut the fuck up .
really fucking suck this year smh how did they get right back to trash in one season .
dealing with journalists 101 dont use slang if you dont fully understand the wadhwa .
lynnmagic turning it into a block list could be pretty rad too .
colored makes me puke .
i was emo ok get on my level bitch .
daltonryann blakeanderson21 i guess that dumb bitch but we all need to drink some time my place an fuck someone up haha .
youre not right for this job what your is just dont be a bitch dude written on a b8230 .
maxinbetha yea it looks .
ugh bad bitches picture coming soon 128514 .
thanks little bitch 128526 .
photo check for background .
sup fat bitch .
dont tell the dumb hoes that .
yall really risk ur lives in amp out of traffic traveling thru two for some pussy .
hollywood if you really want to break my heart make a movie about a handsome retarded man who is good at flash and has a mean girlfriend .
emma roberts mkr .
hilariousbubble are you on a scale of one to ten bitch .
old hoe lol moyizzy my juice is gone im just an old bitty now .
14 couples remain on mkr means if one team is booted out every week and two in then show will finish mid may .
mkr ahhh the of robert the texan .
hoes in my iphone .
seriously i would fucking kat and andres restaurant outrageous behaviour mkr .
come so you can record him saying hes my bitch .
lifes a bitch .
this bitch possessed by the thot demon fucking dead 128128128128128128 .
is there a college town than btown if yes id like to visit iu hoosiers .
these hoes out here carrying infections yaw niggas better rap up w dat haha .
single af we dont care youre ugly me pussy .
i prefer zebra didnt know about lesser .
realskipbayless man what about wilson being the 2nd black qb to win a chip talkn about trash talk no shine for russell .
this bitch ugly in person .
driving the tranny slips and all 128530 .
hungry then a hoe .
nachoshield is my favorite .
i assume so the tranny went out this morning i have a .
milfgaardian brb am starting to feel feelings in my scalp that means its time to wash this stuff out .
so pissed i forgot that saiyan bitches she gave ne her ig fuck .
tweekin hoe .
photo stands for a social order based on the free of individuals for .
wyd fag .
mkr are these two for real .
the john video issued by al media is a new level of the jihadi propaganda promises more episodes amp .
thats 5 years away from legal drinking age and 14 year old pussy ahaha eat ice cream not pussy bud .
bigshaadswerver yo this freezing cold shit so n for the birds it crazy .
practically got arrested tonight not allowed on grounds for a year now fml im retarded .
my bitch bad she from the .
idc how cute you are that shit dont matter if you got a trash personality .
seriously japan we need to talk .
that stupid bitch karma best pay up .
i flex it aint no turning down take yo bitch fly out of town ready to get it aint no .
im xxx triple x rated bitch .
state tryna slant and screen all the way down the field lol .
when you die but a bad bitch walk in yo funeral .
steveworks4you you havent evolved as a human being typical redneck i pity you you dont know what freedom is about .
chlldhoodruiner when ur teacher tells u that u have homework this bitch need to go .
denial is a bitch .
morgansmith20 bitch you said you dont even like fuckin .
if i hear hot pretty sassy like us one more time i will deconstruct mkr killerblondes .
i love bad bitches thats my fucking problem .
oh my beating heart mkr .
karma is a bitch and usually comes around and goes around right or do some people just always catch the lucky breaks .
2 on the field 1 in our hearts what if yankees star derek jeter in back to school .
i need some red green amp yellow pants amp shirts express .
i knew a new orleans nig would say something crazy lol .
are poor little guinea pig died .
goodnight you stuck up twats for not laughing at my tweets .
the minute those red n yellow for rent signs go up the reg ppl start selling n move .
bitch see you then then bitch and good luck to you .
democrats to push income as top issue of 2014 charlie baker r further left all in w d8230 .
victoriafinae low key miss you .
every time im posted up using my phone a employee wanna scare me bitches .
idntwearcondoms a woman never cheated unless a man drove her to do it men only cheat for new pussy .
never seen so many perfect bitches til i made a twitter 128564 but .
when mfs tell you who you talk to and it aint no bitch .
hey you dont get a cookie for being outraged by things that are outrageous this is not about white peoples feelings .
he wont bite we promise hes a friendly bird .
the ending to that yankee game was so planned i cant even take it .
twitter tipped its cap to say farewellcaptain to jeter in his yankee stadium finale video httpt8230 .
dont tell your side bitch your family business thats none of their business .
dirty pop on the counter bitch dirty in it .
get off my twitter fag .
05professor columbus found america and we killed some injuns .
woman dev audience i think the real i want to get across is that anyone can make a difference even with just a 200 line perl script .
i actually just hate the bitches on here .
craigslistlove doctor is available to your pussy and penis as as possible .
i could literally be crying one minute get up wipe my face amp walk out the room like bitch turn uuuup 128514128514128514 idk its weird .
let me tell you how shocked i am that this has been delayed i hate tech .
this challenge is really the good cooks from the bad mkr .
strategic voting in a cooking competition will only get you so far when you are an oxygen that cannot cook mkr .
tomdcc pull requests for better ideas that dont lt3 .
oreos are my life .
lmfaoooo wiz is a perfect example of how fame can get you bitches he looks like your typical homeless woman .
why nobody never invite me to no lesbian party bitches .
i need to stop frantically typing up responses to emails to be sent after being by the rest of my board and get my butt to gdc .
amaninblack a storm of shit a if you will that is now causing people to get harassed .
is that all u can say twat .
you just caught this bitch cheatin while you at work shes with some dude tryin to get off fuck her throat cut this bitchs head off .
lmao hell yea i love thick bitches amp thick bitches love fat niggas .
lenletaylor yesyouresexist it was a joke get over it i dont violence full stop so was her racism ok then .
jergucci ur avi prolly shoot dust out your phone cuz that shit so old u cat fishing the bitches on here lmao .
these hoes .
foodbibie oreo cheesecake bars .
whats that bright yellow thing the ref just showed to i cant remember seeing one of those before .
teeth can make or break a person you could be a 10 and have yellow teeth and immediately drop to a 2 .
i love pussy .
run in ya spot smash ya hoe fuck on ya couch .
isnt it supposed to be keep p via .
were creating tools and resources for individuals were working directly with companies on developer policies to make this a reality .
sportscenter a wild one in the score 6 runs in bottom of 7th to take lead over red took .
weber representing on mkr a few of them might need a lesson or two in how to operate the though .
128073 nigga was smashing his hoe had his hoe paying for a condo and he still with her 128514128514128514128514 yep .
yall pussies i .
i hate when bitches say bro and bruh .
when niggas gimme their mixtape and its trash .
oops typo i meant one big bowl of shit mkr .
cuhcuhcuh idk why skinny bitches think they got ass cuh .
saramariewelch bitch you already know i would go crazy with out you .
hes still trash .
this recipe calls for a leftover brownie what the hell is a leftover brownie thats just a brownie you havent eaten .
alex or in properly at low resolution with the up need this photoshop filter for irl .
this bitch think she cool with her jordan 6 rings get the fuck on .
get a fucking trash can on your head .
dsmyxe politibunny when you have that many followers you know precisely what happens .
oh this is bad this is really really bad sexual assault dc comics hey dc is bad content for some .
haha 1 i would go for the s 2 those fag colors are for .
woah did this bitch say 128514128514128514 .
i hate when bitches get lame 128078 .
apparently i got chunky for my bday worse bday present ever lol .
charliejarls but if you honestly think stuff like is okay then the door is that way gt .
i got the streets ina i got yo bitch ina leg lock i do not fuck with the fed cops .
grizzboadams ight nigga tonight at c mall bitch .
my wigga ryan gosling knocked up eva swag that man the fuck out .
niggas be out here loving all they a no no .
tyga makes you think about fucking a bunch of bad bitches jcole makes you drake makes you wanna think .
cheefpolo bitches love coming out in public naked dont do this .
brb out of a game with obama to whoop hoe ass .
stop 9995 playin bitch 128589 you know im mvp .
can someone beat justin ass hes such little pussy .
gotta keep the sox down while theyre down redsox yankees mlb .
gabby is back bitches step aside .
bitch betta get it hoes be .
eat a oreo amp do these dishes one oreo lol .
tonights mkr is a classic example of ppl trying to do fancy prep without considering the actual eating of the dish fail for me .
this reminds me of chat .
thatsabinegirl wtf does mean ive never heard this but it makes it sound like she thinks trans are confused .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
one mans trash is another mans treasure believe .
hey when you silence women of color by sticking up for racist white women you are being oppressive stop .
nowthatsfresh when you sit down and realize you really dont got bitches .
this is a criminal case not a civil case this means that its up to the police to decide if its worth prosecuting pendragontarot .
ion sell no drink lean no ion even smoke tree no mo .
pull out my bank roll on yall bitches like whoa .
the big homie drizzy threatening these hoes .
themirai sirgoldenrod sloshedtrain2 srhbutts its incorrect its in no way related to email addresses are these people technical .
8220whatevaittakes ya niggas play to fuck my niggas play for bitches cant fuck wit me 128553128553 .
retweet if ur dick will choke a bitch 128514 .
achussle be so trash though lmao .
this bitch said i look like the type to do a lot of cocaine 128128 .
okay but consider this though .
if her bio says only god can judge me shes a hoe .
right these hoes on my dick about u dats how .
freebsdgirl this reminds of that story about your buddy on the bus some .
he died for a reason vianawf i didnt follow you back cuz you fat bitch foh large hoe jesus aint pleased fam .
i them to mock her god bless .
wow he basically just told his daughter i want some colored htgawm .
if you dont vote you dont have a right to complain that being said i didnt vote for the son of a .
i think im addicted to naked pictures and sit talking bout bitches that we almost .
yall ladies ever have on a tank top or something amp like one of your nips was just chilling outside the shirt and you d8230 .
mattykem nigga im just popping molly amp stepping out you bowling bitch dont come at me .
its upside down you idiot mkr .
well we sure as heck know how to read im reading the trash right now and almost everything ive heard on the .
im goin now so be expecting to get slept faggot .
chlldhoodruiner great got her pregnant and now im gonna have a nigger .
nigga said i woke up in a bed bitches that i aint een fuckin but idc his shit bout to be harder .
just remember when having standards becomes cool gonna call a lot of you out for staying quiet like a bitch all this time .
kennywright yopapichulo kushboy420 the stupidest bitch brb crying he called me stupid .
bitch stop fucking playin with me you know wtf im talkin about .
if i wanted my ex back believe me id fucking go get they ass 128514 but i aint bout to dig through the trash .
just ctfu um out wit my fro out while um hoes from da back .
my bitch say im in the dog house fuck you mean .
and ima dream about 4 fat bitches stuck in a mini van on a hot summer day .
the couldve been a bad bitch .
fuck bitches get money .
if she wears these to dinner then shes paying for her own food because im treating that bitch like a stranger .
royals royals win with a 20 of the yankees to take the series in the bronx .
drasko seriously mkr .
willyroast2 yo girl pussy stank this tweet stinks willyroast2 there is no suck thing as a faithful bitch in .
tiffnasty lmaoooooo weedcloudz if we cuddle then im sliding something thick in your pussy just a warning .
i woke up and she was already pregnant fuck dat bitch 128514 .
yankees the its lights in yankees in honor of derek jeter farewellcaptain .
half yall bitches side hoes and dont even know .
i wish a bitch could .
128514 gucci b having me on my rude lol thats not nice smco71 that bitch aint worth a quarter 8221 .
ugh bitch i love you amp that a s s 128553 your just simply flawless 128149 i remember when you cute a of your hair hella short 128514 .
when a bitch i dont like laugh at my joke .
82201waynostra so jus dont be faithful cus u never kno what your bitch doing .
gingerdemoness all dem colored boys be sayin i dare baby daddy i gots to protect my under da lock and key and i wrap .
9 cases of west nile virus infections reported in orange county this year 105 dead birds found carrying virus .
t and ye gonna have to write the whole bitch .
justkarahn yasss when a bitch get paid tho 1285141285148221 as long as she dnt act crazy .
lynnemcgranger oh no she says sticking needles in her eyesmkr .
need a down bitch to bring me pizza .
stole your wardrobe bitch .
i used to chug vodka and orange juice i also used to chug vodka and gatorade i used to chug vodka .
why the freakin hell do katie amp vikki everything mkr .
only real niggas know no matter how hungry you are you better let these bitches cool off .
bitches dont know if they wanna play basketball or look sexy bro .
a smith saying jay shouldnt be a mvp candidate is just straight up retarded .
im about to push this niggah off my seat trying to me and shit .
i put it ona bitch make her bang ma set 128076 i gave this hoe dick i came i left 999665039 .
blackamazon woah nah youre amazing and one of my favorite people on twitter lt3 .
caymarieee bitch im not coming no more you said your making plans .
dese bitches aint shit i get em high and feed em dick .
trail take like bitches jumped to 6 after beating sc which aint that good thejournalist44 that1guyjeff .
cause you know yall hoes play entirely too much .
awwww dont be a pussy ill show u was good with that lol .
is that a hawk what the fuck kind of bird is that .
kat is the biggest bitch ive ever had the of seeing in my life mkr .
i hate hoes .
mikestud hoodie is a little bitch when was the last time you heard about team mike put all .
flawlessdv dont be a bitch smh .
im wearin one of walmart jackets around walmart is that ghetto lmao fuck it .
garrettwinker bitch what i like pussy go away u doing to much talking too much i talk with my fist and u can get and yo dad little fuc .
oreo .
glennf if i wasnt surrounded by such great people theres no way id be able to get this thing off the ground .
clintswiftness i hate bees man they be like buzz buzz bitch and im like nah man i aint done shit to you .
mkr im loving colin apart of the judging this year he is awesome mkrofficial .
ad break pet pic mkr not my tortoise tho i had them as a kid this is the cutest idea .
her pussy then some fresh fruit 128527 she i drink the best juice 128166 .
deconstruction ruined the must it kill food too mkr .
what a little lesson in walking the catwalk thanks ladies mkr .
missclarolyn cant even make your own chicken stock mkr .
you cant trust no chick that got a pet cat b those bitches be mad sneaky .
act like im get ghost with a bitch .
glinner fuck you forever gamergate .
these fine bitches are prolly and flat they hair to no flex zone right now .
charlie baker .
as much as i katie and nikki they deserved to stay im quietly hoping a rogue pan knocks kat out of the competition mkr .
his bitch ass is the same way so it dont matter .
they blame it on the but claim the truth come out when they defend the hoe being a hoe you ass mofos .
clarkhat ive met plenty of people educated by private schools who still fail at basic grammar .
self low down black bitch .
aw gamergate harassment squad did i say something to make you mad .
i try not to talk down to misogynists but they really do seem to have trouble with basic concepts and vocabulary .
srhbutts wait when did i become a and what is that .
who else remembers these bitches .
if youre a whiney bitch have a and shut the fuck up democrats .
if we rid of ya exs get rid of my dont need no .
control yo hoes .
omg i was coughing and saw wiggas tweet the fuckkk lol talk about choking .
karate still a bird ass bitch .
gt these bitches .
has 250 more than tu and is only up 4 points ass teams big trash .
charlie crist wins democratic primary in florida race ap projects via wsj .
nobeeetch yall we use to have to take pictures on real cameras and upload them hoes through the computer wow .
throwback to being bitches amp drinking bc we sucked .
please please please can annie and cat feature in an episode of naked where they r stranded on an island together mkr .
i love when nickiminaj say bitch im me 128588 .
snap chat names please bitch you can is me .
ggautoblocker to the rescue .
wedontsmokereg a dumb bitch smh .
amaninblack freebsdgirl you might want to take this to whoever your person at twitter is .
lmao mark is the only guy left there hes about to get some pussy .
if you want to win you win by cooking good food not by other people thats not a win thats cheating kat amp andre suck mkr .
as long as the lakers trash from now on i could and thats real cc hahaha .
sfthewolf is the one i got if you get it dont install their drivers just use default drivers .
cravings met  mkr mykitchenrules masterchef foodporn .
stick by his side and dont give his pussy up .
i want someone i can call my own without another bitch claim on him .
when is the next i am so so close to being grandma the insane .
at my club ho .
here come wiggas soft tweets 128514 .
in many states weve got laws that specifically protect against this kind of thing however they arent due to .
randiebooks yes i probably would have said .
welcome to dallas texas dont come with no hoe shit nigga this texas you will get murdered .
you can be but not redskins got an agreement with pay them to use the name .
noworriezzzz basically were mad at them for being hoes .
unemployed niggas be having all the hoes .
hashtag killerblondes is the hashtag in all mkr history seriously why not .
friends dont let friends become .
its like left over roast veggies marketing isnt lloyds strong point mkr .
like seriously googled for second .
damnitcorn this shit is like 45 minutes away and its 1 am so clearly i am in desperate need of some pussy bruh so i pull up to this 8230 .
display is nice not sure about battery life feels a tiny bit more but not sure if just wishing it was faster .
its killerblondes vs at sunset on mkr .
mmmmm maple bacon mkr hungrycampers .
another ad seriously mkr .
im not a ho because i think two men and one woman together is a threesome and not a train .
whats this bitch look like yall add me on your stupid .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
is the hillbilly i have ever .
jstac825 thatangrynigga at least after nearly two of complete trash they put out to themselves .
i wish people would stop deconstructing desserts mkr .
shout out to cuz i kno if i was trash he would have kept it a buck i swear he had every i made jus cuz n actually bump dem too .
whats with that bird stressful .
shereeny caulkthewagon there is p .
glennf i have a good lawyer as well as people on my board that have been in before it helps a lot .
dc fri 13 bengali harlem amp lost south asian am busboysandpoets 14th st cc d8230 .
i just wanna travel the world with my bitches 128553 .
claim to be a boss but you a lil broke bitch 128514 .
still calling obama a community organizer re syria well she is still cunt as well so what .
im sticking with theory that black pussy tastes like strawberry milk .
ive had a macbook survive a 90 accident while strapped to my back .
rahshauna keep your avi hoe .
i was hoping you went with the mr chow part on hangover 2 but did you die dumb bitch ass .
this side hoe main chick talk is disgusting get a life man .
hes fucking trash .
goodnight my real .
my main girl tryna get a blessing why my side hoe tryna get .
hovaa your pet zebra .
k bitch .
obama is allowing millions of illegal aliens drug and terrorists to enter our open .
funnypicsdepot how to get pussy in high school .
lol when a nigga say he miss u say dont miss me miss ya bitch lmao .
niggas will fuck yah good eat ya pussy then go home to they bitch like aint shit happen .
jwyoder im doing it full time p .
id put a bullet in that bitch .
tk fucking money bitch .
and because it sounds like there is no hes gonna cash in not her he apparently has ghetto credit that .
where my 2 favorite at satisfiedx 128514128514128514 .
beardyblue emilyesque shoot me an email randirandiio .
ok faggot .
yea i listen to that hoe when i wake up .
imgorgeoushoes eew bitch get out of my .
cottoncandy9 god wrote em now think again coon .
thedouch3 most hoe its just my friends party so i party 3 men do it and vice i was yo8230 .
8220koleworld4 whatevaittakes a trust worthy .
fizz a whole hoe outchea see would of been walking .
you know how many hot bitches i own .
metroidthief im bothered by the attitude from every poster in that thread in general but i might just be grumpy .
if i smoke with ya bitch its over .
annie and lloyd vs vicky and celine for their first sudden death cook off game on mkr .
kat and andre dont deserve it hope they destroy them in the group rounds mkr .
these bitches so fucking stupid smh .
my ralph lauren jacket comes tomorrow im giving out free hugs so these bitches can know what high quality feels like .
no fucks given about the nfl draft its baseball season bitch .
lol joebudden wait a minute i8217m seeing mad dope yall stop trying to steal halloween back from the hoes .
in the past week both paula dean and my uncle lost their jobs for saying nigger .
some bitches be forgetting .
hilariousbubble scientists recently discovered that bitches do in fact be trippin .
i dont think those meatballs would do any better in a library or in disneyland or any place really mkr .
johnny is a punk bitch doe .
virgiliolla i was tx ho lmao8221 haha naw chill you the one laughing at .
let me put my kids up in ya mouth bitch ima turn this shit into a home .
bitches is so corny .
if you tell me to get one of those weird things i will never talk to you again .
by it you mean unemployment of course .
ur a lil bitch if you dont have your read receipt .
why do you always wear black cause i8217m ready for your funeral bitch .
tbh i feel bad anytime anyone actively this fight without knowing about the personal cost .
gravitypike grafana is weird ive never used it before it does not act like it would expect .
the best thing wadhwa could do for women in tech is leave them the hell alone stopwadhwa2015 .
pete evans the paleo has had his cookbook pulled mkr .
she make me wanna take things slow but i cant even trust a hoe .
every time i say i dont like someone rapper etc everyone bitches their fucking heads off as if it changes my opinion relax no .
yungmigo shanea1 i done went wit a hoe before frfr so who am i to judge .
not even the roaches amp would eat kat amp andres food mkr .
crazy bird .
black bitches be like boy i told you not to get my hair wet .
rose colored glasses only you guys .
i dont play about the monkey you have to earn this .
oh man i used focus twice dont tweet at 4 am on your way to the if you want to your integrity kids .
i called your bitch ass 128530 .
annies back mkr .
tomdcc oh god that sounds like a horrible idea privacy problems also twitter likely wouldnt be the number that would be bad .
i cant believe this nigga told me to put nutella on a bitch before you eat her out .
can someone get me cheese and crackers .
birds of a feather go away .
animecommentary only when it counts im pretty snarky when its not serious times you know .
mrfoolycooly im still where that giant shit eats that candy with clown .
do i look like mike vick bitch .
let the coons be great its in the dream .
try some 2 i heard he has some big booty hoes .
we ran out of mkr .
beardyblue emilyesque im not entirely certain how all of this is going to work so im still feeling it out .
deal with you bitches when i feel like it .
or you could just stop watching crap like mkr .
this hoe got some issues .
you ratchet ass bitches gonna have nobody to blame but yourself when you get an std .
alancasillas bitches or wat .
bitches tryna take all my money g .
this bitch asked why pants cuz dey tryna hold my up .
needs to stop being a little bitch .
tough and i know exactly what i want if that makes me a bitch then okay .
im naturally i be trying to stand normal i think i look while hoes thinking that shit is cute .
side bitch sunday 128514128514128514 128514128514128514 .
home to chicken and alfredo and oreos and .
little things can just kill a negros mood man .
i hate when bitches twerk to slow songs .
aj0427 just watched the davis doc warm 978665039 .
fdgonthier a lot of people contribute just a little bit and it turns into enough to keep me every dollar is appreciated .
i feel like wonder woman .
what a dirty girl haha cat pussy pets .
i aint got no .
eating a roasted potato and smiling till my cheeks are sore the crow sfx in this cape crisis are .
this bitch takes bitch to another level .
liveitupjersey i hope so the bitch was annoying i think she thought she was smart or something .
carlyandtresne really really another round mkr those butcher promo girls better be nice to sheri and emilie .
they dont make rampb like this anymore dudes used to make you feel good about busting it wide open not call you a hoe 8230 .
kat amp andre survive mkr .
join me for no fucks given join bitch .
these hoe ass niggas aint get nobody in free agency .
cannot stop laughing at that guy .
holy fuck yall are little bitches its like 50 in san antonio stfu .
hoes aint wana fuck a nigga back then you but all the bitches wana fuck a nigga now .
good morning charlie charlie4927 .
fixed the image of the league nba players not knocking they bitch out in .
all it take is for one bitch to open her mouth and niggas start fuckin up .
schulzgrayson dswizzle3 and i dont have a mom bitch ass nigga u better shut your fucking mouth before i do it for you with duck ass .
nedgilmore i think it was meat .
bc she likes black men and rap music huh lol magssca waymothegod in general she wants to be colored .
badnewsbridget morbidmermaid evanbecker513 youre a lying sack of shit because i know you love me lesbian jk fag .
ha yous a lonely hoe .
mkr is so intense this round .
i see so many mad hoes on the tl tht shit should be .
b0ssladyre lmao you wish bitch .
bleed out hoe .
if youre being a little scared bitch about the possibility of a louisville go to ferguson .
idntwearcondoms 128514128514128514128514 wow she let quite a few niggas beat equal opportunity pussy .
theres some good info in the talk section on page too bad it didnt make it to the main article .
npr asked to speak to me about the wadhwa thing they just got off the phone with him amp now they dont need to talk to me anymore weird .
ion even wanna see this bitch 128530 talking bout ill make you breakfast .
fag .
when someone gets bitten by a dog and has to get six inch needles in the belly be there to say not all dogs notalleverything .
my son do rednecks have mullets to keep from getting red necks .
garrettwinker bitch i wasnt following u in the first place get the fuck off my tl .
30 is amazing 20s are bullshit i would never my 20s .
its a bird its a plane no its peter walkin on air pistolpete96 .
wow im gonna smoke myself retarded when i get home .
bitch please .
zfearless shut up bitch it looks smooth like a booty .
some bitches curve game be too serious .
waiting for bart so i can go home and curl up and reflect away from the internet for a while need to calm down and get some rest .
j4cob freebsdgirl my favorite command for spot checking lists n 5 .
at the bar in wit my uncle this niggah faded hopefully he doesnt get us into a fight lmao .
i would commit the rest of my gay life to being a complete 100 bottom if i could be bitch .
too bad im a bitch 128528 .
128563 pr3ttyn33 822011wdnick i think all dem hoes on lahhh co worker was messing with bm 128553 .
dont worry im sure no one will be like what a great idea until a dude takes credit for it lt3 .
8220shanea1 128514128514128514 nicca said imma slap ya daddy out den put em n da yo 128128 he still that nigga when he aint s8230 .
this hot chocolate and famous amos too bomb right now .
is google a man because it you and your privacy and is a giant .
derek jeter and the yankees present paul with a retirement .
i find it amusing that tedcruz is an anchor baby lmao .
your mother looks like a see where you got 12 of that from nice food too .
im trying to get work done but this is a problem .
i watched mkr tonight kat and andre should be disgusted with themselves uncalled for on so many levels .
bad bitches is the only thing i like .
here this bitch go lol .
bitches be like i want something real and i be like i want a bitch with real hair but we cant always get what we want now can we lol .
thank you to the student section for participating in the yellow out we all really appreciated it .
lol niccas remember the force 128514 .
freezing my nips off out here .
nikko a gay bitch .
police are some hoes .
fuck no she dont let nobody hit that pussy either i know its firm .
the problem with retard liberals is they think supply amp demand means supply me with everything i demand .
thru deconstruction right mkr killer blondes .
fresh nigga so you kno i need a clean bitch who kno im working cuz i wanna see my team rich .
nah mimi a bitch .
shit pic master hoe protecting ass bow tie nigga .
is .
this bitch love me long time i dont know why she wouldnt .
sorry about all the rts but this is a really serious issue this guy is basically the tech that thinks hes an ally .
ugly bitch prolly so she lookin at the dick and balls up close at the same time while suckin at the same time .
this bitch just blew my high and i was high off all of these drugs .
korvys saintneko freebsdgirl .
and plus its trash talk you should know that especially with ole miss .
kirindave i love it im in it my friends play it ive played its ok but the pvp just isnt as good .
heilsidious hmu when youre good to go bitch .
instagram needs to stop being a bitch .
nah girl i aint gon be able to make it its been tight since russ loss his job you in the back like damn bitch really .
bout tht time where the hoes are gettin dicked down .
beautifulkeezy ion be understanding how all you hoes drop yall nuts at once but when a bitch on your ass you cant hear a mouse piss 8230 .
thanks everyone sometimes stuff gets to me when it shouldnt small things i should be stronger enjoying the cute animal pictures .
i fuckin wit this nigga he getting all emotional he remind me of my bitch is that you .
she love it when i talk to her crazy suck a niggah dick with a whole lotta spit let it yea catch .
basically the mkr are a series of annoying ways to extend this season .
itskingdee 1inkkofrosess fuck them hoes i have bigger problems like do you cook at your house lol .
thevoiceofmiami i dont work for pussy the code of a real man .
i like weed brownies and cookies im straight but seein crooked got muh trippy kit hope i trip and into some pussy .
nigga when from can i get a hug got hoes b .
oh me too pain just made my brain fuzzy and though for a sec .
my brother a .
basic bitch starter pack .
dat nicca paper n da booth .
i can taste loud n pussy on my tongue 128541 .
i agree the most fucked up show i ever watched was wen wifed that hoe was the saddest .
pics or it didnt happen or youre the side bitch .
i have them bitches runnin wen dat pipe come damn .
got hit on by a 70 yr old thinking even if i were to accept your sexual there wouldnt be much you could do about it .
im getting soo hungry too bad there is no chicken mkr .
osw94k not entirely accurate if you run through bin youll find freebsd names of recent years .
dominictarason i was talking to twitter about it a few weeks ago talked about it here a month ago p .
ryancruz brandy wanna b down ass bitches 128533 .
jacob u look like a monkey in dis .
al brandon jennings easily got the coldest bitch ever8221 damn near damn near thats fact .
get some more fucking teams why mkr .
i rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh that shit boring give me a wife .
the was high as fuck like lets kill a big ass bird and eat it with a billion other things .
date a thug because you know they wont pussy out when it comes to defending you .
why do you guys cry and whine whenever someone says faggot its ridiculous .
now that halloween is fast approaching please understand this we are a culture not a costume to mock and http8230 .
sexualgif when you see a hoe talking to bae but she not even on your level .
long neck ass bitch .
moreno be a little bitch you dumb bitch .
maybe its a canadian bitch thing .
i got dirty birds hey shoot like larry bird hey .
30 mins for n to pick out a trash can do u guys understand why i took 3 shots before this trip .
weekend early bird wine walk price is still available we have 21 participating .
when niggabitch lose in a fight they favorite line is only 128514 .
these hoes a fool too .
yo bitch choosin just let her .
please no pileons dont tweet at him etc i think the conversation is concerning in that we need to discuss what bully means .
fat hoes need a treadmill lol hmu .
clicquotsuave i would dead upper cut that bitch .
vagina flavored bacon bitch .
my lil cool ass bitch she from .
aint my hoe i just thought it .
lmao sirrocobama tu waymothegod trash .
them shits ugly hoe sirrocobama all these nuggets amp u still actin chicken .
sorry to hear this im going to chipotle for the first time it better not be trash .
that hoe looks perfect haha but iight .
i have to hide these bitches or my sister gets them and eats all of them 128520 .
better be vicky and celine mkr .
limbclock oh they did and then they to remove my account which pissed off the gators .
omglazerkittens they are in seattle usually hiring .
did the yankees make the playoffs and properly honor jeter 80sbaby4life orioles win .
sammylightning up on that 30 that bitch dont make a sound .
cbsthismorning norahodonnell tx trash you know trouble w is in gop gov states but like 60 you report lies anyway .
20 10 .
snipeyhead why would anyone want to hire a anything ive seen the movies this just leads to problems with cocaine .
lanebelgarde you sick bitch didnt even invite me .
how good would sudden death be with annie amp lloyd vs kat amp andre mkr .
kensuttling man city and the yankees have got together to form the begin playing in 2015 .
time to see these girls finally cook sink or swim sassy wont save you mkr mykitchenrules .
u should just pull out amp let ferguson for themselves it has been a week wasting most r just attention hos .
that cracker as big as he looks on tv .
queen latifah the only dyke id fucking .
dont be sorry hoe be careful .
bsilverstrim77 in fact were i to start a forprofit university this would be the sole requirement for graduation .
annie and lloyd worst dish of the day if you ask me mkr .
if youve only seen my couch not my bed then you my .
passing up on mad hoes just to give him what he want .
im looking for a few people to help with twitter log amp mentions as support tweets .
she might be the one dont be a bitch .
everyday i wake up celebrating why i just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch .
i wish a bitch would tell me something that i dont know about my nigga .
lee gotta be da only light skin nicca dat eat 128514128514 .
lol 128514128557 i just remember that same bitch said she liked my hair then asked is it yours smfh wut yes .
just sayin what up hoe pufntrees 202sole fuck i do to u bitch .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx closeup on beauty pussy closeup .
dont hoe me .
any bitch who show up friday looking like the bitch from the ring im punching straight in the face .
hit the rec i know cell marcus and jax gone try to hit that hoe .
i dont know maybe it is a good quote and a good way to feel but ive seen way too many petty bitches use that quote .
this bitch got zero kills and yet got a legendary what the absolute fuck .
teeyouvee yeah but if you live your life by what makes other people happy or unhappy then theyve won anyways .
hunglikerobby i have an open mind and that bitch beyonc233 is .
and you a bitch even when you say you love me you a bitch i pray you crash like into a ditch .
parents are the ones who bitch the most about their childrens .
girls that i dated its okay i aint mad yo unless you stabbed me in the heart no love hoe .
im never watching brave heart again you cunts dont want freedom .
thats about 4 i think .
remember all the trash on the floor of your car we it amp put the so it feels like your old car htt8230 .
i dont send nudes a bitch wit trash nudes .
callmerenee bitch im too mad im finna throw this bitch outside .
ima get wifey not cunt who spreads legs for anyone settle for nothing but the difference better you and me lmao .
shaelynspacyyy shaelynspacyyy they trash .
5th edition doesnt exist we dont speak of that .
thatslutadrian lol someone fucking yo bitch .
no u .
jihadis are running a claim that the king of saudi arabia died two days ago must be the bombs falling on em that r making em .
i wonder if i can sue a bitch my mf time .
yes das def da was a spear chucker he woulda gt both dose rite .
a voice in the back not actually a thing .
drakino lots more to come im sure .
play pussy get fucked .
and youre a fucking ignorant redneck fuck you still tryin to suck your own dick you cant you too short .
cjanacek07 nick504 a fucking verse from don trip bitch stop assuming shit .
lets go yankees .
rule hoe 128524 .
iamadamg i love you too jenny your so damn amp not ugly seriously dis bitch must be blind .
yourdudeferg sammylightning i wish you wood like a tree in this bitch .
they gotta keep the name raiders tho they better not change it to some hillbilly ass texas name .
brosconfessions this bitch was so ungrateful fr .
why are these freshman so ghetto lmao .
metacookbook jennytrout the action may be bad not judging it from my pedestal but seeing multiple people jump on her .
tee13 softestmuffin torahblaze u 2 lost puppies dont know shit leave them niggers alone u can learn something besides how they like .
im a light skin niggah 128588 .
karlosbudah realniggasherm aye bro you kno how this shit go we in this bitch solid af running free the 1st .
xdsmooth i took yo job bitch 1bookieg .
so they could complain about racial im sure bloody twats .
my daughter thinks those pancakes look amazing mkr .
i didnt know you was following me hoe 128514 .
lol bitch u a has been .
niggas get married and start dissin single bitches smh a2dao you bitches want and 200 dates and still .
thanks charlie .
i know that karmas too real so i hope you doin cool but still stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin with you .
wisconsin nice work bitches .
when are the food trucks gonna make a comeback mkr .
i have been listening to mkr more than watching heard snatch cock and thought they go together .
friendlyassh0le i dont give a fuck what my ex is doing bitch isnt my problem anymore .
with so many rounds going cant who are some of these contestants mkr .
bombfantasyyy lmao you look like a damn potato bitch keep talkin .
if a bitch bit my dick id probably beat the shit out of her .
nyrkelsmads you never survive in da colored hood .
sweetheart to a lady but im hard on a hoe 128526 .
and i guarantee you the same people who off to the leaked nudes will be about a powerful white mans privacy .
i havent had sex in forever a bitch could send me a 128536 emoji and id catch my nut .
oapi got a mention on kotaku .
gabrielaangela4 stephyrae7 gabby why are you so ghetto .
and little bitch ass triggaplease .
lil bitch but her ass move .
bitches so stupid yal cant know how im bouta start popping bitches .
how do you cheat on this 128530128564 just like any other female with a pussy so who 8230 .
i text bitches at 1112 make they wish come true .
lol at bitches thinking kanye is the perfect man because he opened the car door for his wife you bitches dont know wtf yall need .
starve bitch .
yay colins back nice to hear that sexy irish accent mkr .
when hoes talk shit about other hoes ill just leave this here .
gurujeremy women think they are angels so they be in denial about their own hoe actions dont fall into their see past the b8230 .
i was such a teachers pet in elementary school like i brought them cookies and brownies and gave them hugs im ashamed .
two foreign hoes iont like the basic .
nachoshield is getting a bit again .
dfkinlopes if my girl get in a fight with your girl you better be ready to fade too cuz ima knock you out then go help my bitch .
thank you dawn i see our state bird your avatar .
its the nature of birds you let one of them thing you know youve invited the entire to shit on your car .
97339733973397339733 grand opening 97339733973397339733 top class 9733 oriental massage 9733 perfect 9733 .
sir5000 stormsonsaturn looking into it ty for the .
mkr based on the crap served there should be four teams in the cook off .
hoes thinkin 2014 turns them into born again virgins .
tweet bird .
she cares tho appreciate her lol a trolling bitch is a lonely bitch .
i really hope you and dont get back together you can do so much better than that 8212 dont call her a hoe .
a guy on true blood is getting his penis and the doctor told him it look like an .
im sure that sausage on the hotpot looks more like a turd mkr .
my brother thincc im playing he keep putting the ac on 60 fuccing wit me ill break it amp we will all be in this bitch burning uuuup 128293128293 .
its called being an ally pay attention you might learn something .
double drool colin and manu mkr manufeildel fourinhand mykitchenrules .
a bitch who cant keep a man which one of you air headed bitches made this .
im gonna hoe the shit out of you when we meet again cant wait .
this bitch is too real 128514128514128514128514128514128514128514128514 .
havent you ever heard the story of the birds and the bees .
midnight charlie .
lilbthebasedgod and you look like hmmm a nigger .
i dont want to deal with trash theres a reason it got thrown out in the first place .
let me make this super fucking clear i will not compromise my beliefs in any way just to get donations that isnt happening ever .
so thanks for the follow hun .
guys im the i look forward to with you .
think i should change to cunt that goes mental hmm .
hoe bij het hoe de op twitter en het van de .
never about how another bitch saw me i know who i am .
you got to be a bad bitch for me trip .
for real this game is pub trash lets do drugs and get smashed .
possible kickstarter reward i will rename leo to a name you choose for a week .
anxiety is a bitch .
thats how it works with a private account .
do u still have ur blk pom .
where do all the go when they a the fairy takes them after you put them under your pillow .
if yo pussy stank u wasnt raised .
bought this in the other week had no idea it was coloured vinyl man what a steal .
kick down your door and smack that bitch make me wanna ride past ya house and sit .
i think the real question is why do you sign your tweets with you realize that your name is right there yeah kelseytheodore2 .
mykitchenrules go rob and dave do it for the boys mkr .
yes every guy is a bitch .
nip im tryna buy a copy of but your website is down let me know something .
bitch nigga 128520 .
a new study released today says teens are not getting enough sleep no kidding who pays these people to say things that are obvious .
buy me double stuffed oreos and you can be my boyfriend .
i know you have me blocked but next week bitch .
shes covering half of her face and shes still more prettier than all of you hoes .
i bitch about unnecessary things lol .
this bitch possessed by the thot demon .
called a bitch lol .
wave 127754 or get 128166 on ya bitch you .
or nimoy .
kat and andre celebrating bad cooking bad attitude and strategic scoring absolute hell mkr .
every bitch that love bank account in .
coconono remote servers the programs listening on those servers a local app .
shereeny caulkthewagon which she totally would have gotten had she not to rant about me publicly after i said i didnt know .
kat and andre can fuck right off mkr .
somebody come look at this niggah right here kevin hart voice lol .
see two of his bitches in the what he do for a living .
i need like 43 fuzzy blankets to sleep .
no nigga ever ask before he hit either body counts dont matter yall treat all bitches the same anyway st8230 .
thequinnspiracy voiceofrae spacekatgal im always looking for an excuse to sing that song .
tyleryost you guys are all the best caitnicole3 alexiscarfield love you nig nogs .
i get so deep in that pussy i touch the back of her soul .
he needs too we win titles when he hoes big ben gone smack another hoe after this lost 128514128514128514 sorry vonshayeb .
yankees chase from the for and .
hoes will be hoes monday saturday amp starting again sunday after church services .
sarcastic cunt yes .
i feel like mean girls are the only really really loyal ones lemme find me a bitch that hurt my feelings lol .
the gullible ones do so people go to college with intentions of being a hoe k .
i8217m to the point where take a manual and not bitch about it .
touch my swag wish you could i look fly i look good wisdomstature on my momma on my ho8230 .
this aint no mf bitch ass .
the microwave at work is broken so my ghetto ass put a patty in the to warm it up .
thanks bruh dont ever forget we still on the look out for these faggots justcurrieon .
taylorcaniff i wear beanies all winter long so no till .
announcement site maintenance .
on my way to gdc will need to finish up a few things and then we wait .
jaimescudi fucking bitch .
haha them hoes only go hard when a nigga lol .
my mom wants to buy a zebra like for reals .
dylanw yeah see im pretty much done with him that shit he pulled is unacceptable same shit i see from sexist engineers .
no cuz redskins are dumpster juice game of the week still the best in sports .
dont ever really talk about your intentions to your boy that nigga might just turn around and take that pussy .
bitches love some alex from target 128527 .
son of a bitch .
they be looking at tom brady while he going off on like whatever bitch lol .
skinnybee lmao my bitch was listening to gospel music w liquor in her hand i was crying .
why would a white man even go to a nigger hell hole of detroit an ive worked in a town how yall good niggers .
flappy bird on bull .
yo bitch is gucci mane my bitch a stoner 128175128175 .
popehat doesnt work if the people are already following you either .
i eat da pussy better than a lesbian .
wanna know if a bitch hygiene up to wipe behind that bitch ear and put it to her nose if she got .
bitch please are you trying to say i was closer to philly than you .
if ashton is trash then what does that make me come on guys someone like ashton cant be trash he makes too many people smile .
i would slap the smirk off kats face mkr .
we dont love these hoes .
im talkin bout sluts and hoes in general .
im almost in at the thought of seeing my freebsd extended family again after so many years clearly i need more sleep .
let it sink in that its now march and were still doing instant restaurants whens this season gonna finish 2016 mkr mkr2015 .
i just feel like my so cold ill give lessons to every niggah that ever got turned down for the low cost of hmu .
imma pull up on you eat on that pussy and .
gotta clear ya throat of all that pussy eh my voice is the in the morning .
nah that shit gets me heated i have the mouth and know what im doing and get called a retard im done playing games .
buzzfeed a photographer in a trash can to get these adorable engagement .
i drag a bitch by her hair captain .
this guy is i learn new things every day u the only one still talkin bout jim crow there go that republican .
needy clingy men is why i have bitch issues .
watching mkr before .
ronnie a fucking fag owns his ass .
bitch whatever nigga u were to scared to play .
i love at blizzard .
maam did you clear that tweet with the careful they may brand you race traitor for the nerve of .
milfgaardian pravana pink fade after 14 days the rest was originally mint colored completely gone .
i am going to smack down anyone i see bitching about how cernovich bought his followers youre spreading rumors not cool .
looks like the next douche bag teabagger to be governor is some named rhymes with tcot gop .
welcome to our land of check out the evil racist whitey sitting on steps etc .
i fucken cant stand little cunts that write a damn essay on how the feel about something on facebook gross .
this is found in cases of domestic violence but its a of gamergate as well .
you better work bitch .
omg hahaha best thing you will watch today is a crybaby bitch goon f him and f the .
thats why i aint cuffing until im grown af these hoes aint loyal .
ashleylynch its like reading easy to spend too much time reading garbage instead of doing cool things .
these bottom go up against another secret round of secret instant restaurants with secret food they have to cook blind with mkr .
this no beef thing is for the birds .
when said call me a faggot cause i hate a pussy .
in short there needs to be a verified that isnt verified govt ids will cause probs unique phone less problematic not perfect .
someone posted this on facebook in response to that woman tweeting at me earlier today .
lmao yes i kind of like it its not that ghetto yet amp they are and then he says u feel me .
atonal440 desertfox899 im not actually a dev im devops i like doing things that i find interesting this is interesting .
ive never eaten chicken liver mkr .
significant number of us tweets were americans flipping the bird to is uk not so much .
see thats all and green bitch ass they didnt help me get my schools either yall still in the .
thats likely the same person im talking about .
femfreq here is on the gamergate nonsense why we didnt want to talk about gamergate .
i am tired of having feels when do i get to go full robot .
jealous niggas usually send the hate threw the bitches .
getting ready for the heart and sole cle with .
i dont like that bitch .
photo gay are you saying .
has anyone noticed that aliens have flaws too some of those retards have crash landed on earth means they dont know how to drive .
im a boss ass bitch that needs to sit in a corner .
these bitches is wild .
rhythmixx ohhhhh you bitch .
mother of terror twins who went to syria to become jihadi snatched by isis .
i said i dont like it it tastes like wolf pussy what how do you even know what that tastes like .
twitter always shows like mkr and imacelebrityau because im behind time .
steveworks4you you are a lazy redneck get back to work stay off twitter with your lying .
u that nigga i have no idea how random be knowing my name at work smh .
im such a bitch to austin 128514128514 .
pretty mother fucker pull up in a bitch .
this bitch is talking to herself who the fuck does that bitch u need help with yo im hearing in my head .
keyshawnswag where my bitches from the itty bitty titty .
parents television scandal sex scene after charlie brown was not ok .
eevee manamifox freebsdgirl femfreq only sluts have skin and hair proper ladies are literal .
mkr is closed hooray for the end of instant restaurants and time to head to kitchen hq for challenges we asked for change and got it .
truenovacane back in the g getting pregnant was a big deal now these bitches getting pregnant amp its like what else new .
dont ask me if im in my feelings cause i aint no bitch i dont got those tf im sad not in no fucking feelings .
i cant handle another round of this crap mkr .
care to that in english .
but all of these attacks of not enough commits or had a dude do it for you or slept with people proves my point thanks for that .
if these hoes aint lying about being fat they hiding a backpage profile some where .
hbmostdope used to send that bitch up .
gs up hos down rush i mean clearly he likes to party .
i should be the global of something i put ppl on8221 des nuts hoe ahh nigga .
dont know no ugly bitches dont know no broke niggas dont know no snitch niggas .
1inkkofrosess bitch get it how you live 128514128175 .
seriously cant believe kat amp andre are still in the competition  mkr .
i wish i had a reason to buy a suit for a wedding but clearly bitches dont know what those are .
residinero if we finna hoop inside or out fucking retard thats what im saying let me know allergic reaction lip ass nigga .
but why did this bitch just follow even like u .
ohh amp btw leslieeeixta when you get a call from 24 blame kimberlyyaye bitch keeps signing up people bc she wants gym buddies lol .
retweet every last threat so the world will finally see what we live with .
if kat and andre stay tonight i will stop watching my kitchen rules mkr .
what find truly is number of thought pieces that fail recognize how offensive the segment was even without the .
im trash .
lets be serious most wanted to run heavily and dink and dunk doesnt work great against a d you cant get extra against .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx homemade using my bitch home made amateur .
grab her booty in front of niggas that want her booty in front of bitches that want you .
you to bitch .
nd wtf is up with dark bitches with blonde please have several seats hoe looking like out here .
so yall hoes still in the tub or nah .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx small tits ghetto whore fucking with not her stepdad .
i had a dope ass this week with san fran woulda won but them hoes ran back the pick 6 shit be rigged yo .
been hooping all day tired than bitch .
and called barack a monkey lol if the shoe fits cause it sure looks like he married one .
naga standard or epic chroma .
im coming for that no 1 spot nigguh .
ewww bitch .
lynnmagic we should def talk later .
michellewestt facts poonsoaker only the dudes with hoes say they dont got hoes8221 .
barackobama omfg you bitch no one cares what you think go fuck yourselves are you in china anyway .
them lawyers and doctors say nigga ran they say shit like queer though .
books bragadayjah 24 the first king of the earth see bragadayjah 24 .
tomdcc nothing will ever be perfect but this is a good start towards fixing a huge of harassment .
big thick pretty bitch .
mmm the pancakes are mouth i wish i was there mkr .
its human to react to abuse trying to blame someone for to abuse is a of serial .
niggas and bitches gotta quit wit da money pics if i can count it it aint enough 128514128514128514 .
prophzilla i honesty think the internet is just full of retards .
ncweaver im glad california is finally getting some rain but i really wish it wasnt happening while i was driving .
marcus smart belongs on the celtics both trash it was destiny .
he wanna be my nigga but im just trinna be his account 128553 128514128557128514128557 omg imma funny ass bitch man but thats real shit 128175 .
me flappy welp there goes school .
jac n shaz pancakes have us wishing it was breakfast now mykitchenrules mkr2015 mkr .
you still are a cunt .
they on a bitch yeah they want a bitch .
is gettin pussy .
that speech was for dudes like you genius .
madcapocelot freebsdgirl also the awesome counted the of women he follows amp wrote about it here httptc .
god dam man that is so retarded that its af omg .
tupactopus need a bad bitch who knows how 2 treat a pokemon master right .
so far and wide are throwing bitch fits over i must be the only one who isnt it looks interesting to me .
pisses me of when i see these little liberal faggots wearing che shirts move ur ass to .
baby moanin got me zonenn i want this bitch next too me pussy like ecstasy .
i need a gif of a woman laughing while dropping garbage in the trash because that is my mentions .
im sure your mommy still does your laundry but mine can defend against a foolish words .
got myself a new job bitches 128074 .
these hoes aint loyal 128076 .
i wish they made a hoe fax id be like show me the hoe fax before a girl .
shanselman reminder nerd tonight at mall in wa welcome .
this nigga think he gone play me shoot dice let yo hoe fade me .
us spy planes are flying over british in hunt for jihadi johns with advanced tech via .
when bitches twerk on the in ya in ya damn .
someone should explain to griffin that talking trash to an opposing 3rd string is even clippers .
this bitch bad shit aint even drop yet .
marinated in gater tears .
no steak here either no hurry on brownies just that picture u posted made me all but drool on my phone .
lil hoes walkin to our side for .
and my bitch so bad that im never ever cheating .
erinspice prpltnkr freebsdgirl happened on twitter called a bully for pointing out violence against woc in eve .
the last time i saw that much blood on the table i was watching alien mkr .
to recap dem governor candidate in sc calls the gop candidate a whore gov candidate mocks the gop .
this is why no one likes you because youre a bitch and a slut .
i remember the top chef contestant doing a japan soup for cowboys in a camp ground mkr .
marijuana is a drug it leads to happiness great sex pain relief and patience with crazy bitches and w8230 .
its for sandwiches not cooking potatoes for head chefs mkr .
lucky bitch still in .
im a twat .
bloody hell how many more times can we see these people cook at home mkr .
basic trash .
never bring these hoes to my house cause these bitches talk .
hoe dat het met n de na ook te min .
louievree well damn girl you a bad bitch now .
im just a bitch for no reason i think im funny .
bitches come amp go ya know that .
kanye turned a hoe into a housewife and niggas said rip good girls forever .
bitch i might b .
bidetofevil follow for dm please .
proven how well we can really do uhhh what mkr .
i actually kinda like ash and camilla when the hell did that happen mkr .
trending 2 adult human found in trash in .
now maam every on here been tryna have they pussy cop a feel on .
not fun when you have hicks and cramps regularly from moving around you try it .
hes a hoe i cant .
i stand by .
id rather feed the hungry campers at last weekends just quietly mkr so would lloyd .
shes trying to play it as we can have our own opinions but i still respect you no she doesnt she admitted that she was selling out .
is a retard lol starting instead ae please come back fergie .
this bitch looks like a tranny tho .
ryancommakerry i think its time to bring out the drunken monkey .
bitch .
and i probably fucked yo bitch homie .
as we said in my country fish dies for the mouth see ya girls mkr .
grizzboadams wyattnuckels ight this friday nig .
bitches eyebrows be 5 hair and 95 makeup talkin bout on smh sit down before i lick my thumb hoe .
gs up hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this .
when a bitch twerking on you in the club and you peep the change in her pocket .
if you ask me every bitch gay8221 true dat true dat .
this even caused some iirc .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
just smoked a whole 8th of that reserve thanks to my niggah blakkhoodie562 .
wake me up when da bitches get here .
callneeshcakey no a pop wop 128514 .
officialkingdre lightskin bitches crying they aint got no valentine bitch maybe you shouldve read some of them 400 yo8230 .
surprise surprise trashes brandon border patrol sources .
damn he liked it mkr .
guess whos a little bitch .
stay shutting these hoes down .
its not a surprise that theres another round they did it last time and the time before mkr .
strategy is over now nowhere to hide annieandlloyd katandandre mkr .
when i make a paper ball in the trash can .
im sorry but side bitches better than a wife in this the stats b lol .
xdsmooth bitch give me my lighter or get shot .
gay niggas couldnt wait to act like bitches tonight .
carriepotter we all know what type of men were being by rolling stones original article and you just dont .
vickybeanmr when u with yo main bitch and you see yo side bitch in public .
huntermoore drunk bitch used to eat my ass its relaxing .
stop smokin charlie brown rejectedpeanutsspecials .
its the thing and the fact that theyre not kat and andre lets be real here mkr .
wojtata yeah i like them too but im not annoying ass bitch about it support them but dont bitch .
drake said it best when he said niggas act more like bitches these days .
eat my pussy .
latrobemark niggahs be like im my in 2 degree weather out like a bitch .
i fear no niggah i trust no .
i be like bitch please lol .
new bus stop guy across the street is yelling and doing david lee kicks at crows i should learn karate .
rows for the hoescurls for the girlsplanks for the skanks deep cuts for the slutsquads for the broadsno pecs no s8230 .
them to blast bitches them all about the cash bitches .
ghazi why .
yankees if royals have a fire sale i want the whole team leave gardner and tanaka the rest can please go along with joe and cash .
joebudden i wonder if the hoes are gonna give halloween back to the children this .
just cause somebody put bad in front of it yall okay with being called a bitch .
true life im an emotional clingy bitch .
this game pissing me off including that bitch .
shaofhappiness nitemoogle blizzard makes 3 .
aarondagloria yesyouresexist science .
8220fabbymichelle brianlovesass what class you in right now i need my headphones for period im serious bitch .
broski5519 niggas dat dont get no pussy are usually the ones these big or ugly bitches givin them more confidence then the8230 .
yall wake tf up yall are pussies its summer time turn tf up .
why would i want to play with some pussy dead .
them pretty bitches love me them bitches love me .
its been ten mins bitch i gave you a 2 min assignment lmfaooooo .
i beg to on that lip shit dis bitch bit my lip nd tried to suck my blood aint shit sexy about that .
who that pussy wet for 8221 .
i hate a ol fat disgusting walmart working ass bitch .
lookin like a total swag fag ayeeee .
the show is about cooking not sass mkr .
dont touch no sloppy hoes you might catch somethin .
i was such a pussy back then lol like its crazy .
lifeasbros charlie sheen is too real major fucking respect for charlie sheen .
angel stop rting that fugly bitch .
mkr i think shaz and will win simple is always the best way .
i wonder if twitter didnt allow pictures and avis how many followers yall would really have cus yall bitches dont be talkin bout shit 128514 .
this shit for the birds 1285308221 .
video on the record charlie baker .
is it full of niggers .
i am such a little bitch .
huhwhatsacondom kobe last night yelling at dwight howard you a bitch ass n .
you cant be like let me miss ya sometimes bitches take it and shit i said give me time to miss yo ass not 8230 .
ho cute avi tho vivalaari i had no idea she was sleep 128553 .
apparently saying something nice to someone these days means youre trying to stick them with your get over yourselves bitches .
someone come take these brownies away from me before i eat the whole pan .
fuck a bitch we never loved a thot .
couldnt find another job in the gaming industry after that because your employers is just something you dont do .
not one bitch is texting me right now 3000 followers 22 inch rims 60 inch tv and straight ass teeth but 0 text messages ima kill myself .
meatballs and bubble and squeak mkr dont make excuses .
party at the house come through bitches .
im tired of seeing this disturbing bitch with 3 tits .
if she a hoe im a hoe .
what you see is what you get im a guy with a love of and a need for speed charlie brown .
davidsgallant this weekend would be cool .
i love watching birds wish i understood why its such a peaceful sight .
these water challenges are retarded as fuck .
bad bitch on my screamin yolo that nigga .
whereyohussleat just to remind yall cuz hoes be acting like they dont know .
i cant never be no bitch nigga thats how you get treated like a bitch .
theauthor its also worth nothing the low men place on womens anger simply saying no is often as  .
kiefferjason bitch what time .
one thing i always tell my lor cousins big cousins my bitches ampamp niggah u always gonna be good regardless .
i cant believe the result i would have voted strategically to make sure kat and andre didnt make it mkr .
see bitch this is why you have no friends .
thebloodshow girls really made being a hoe kool on twitter .
so sick of you fake ass hoes .
portland ikea now with birds .
thats the kind of witty comeback that makes wish hed been born in the twitter age .
girls favorite line 128073 go talk to yo hoes .
ho well do it big .
i would never be with someone thats afraid to tell niggas and bitches were together i look like a secret fuck outta h8230 .
why do some girls feel the need to be bitches for no reason at all .
kcgreenn you can ask allhailcaesar all about it .
why are men so afraid of is it because a mop looks like a giant penis .
aye the part be treating the bitches too good 128514 .
82201waynostra dat bird bitch8221 bitch .
vegetables meat and fish arent breakfast foods mkr .
theres like 5 injuries a game in football shit trash lol .
the bird with the aim of dreams .
all deses bitches turnt up im turn em down .
josh amp mum mmmmm yummo mkr .
dylanw i get that youre probably going to defend your friend regardless but what he did was shitty and then you followed it shit .
justezzzee nigga what bitch im talking bout boxing can u read .
derail this train someone isnt talking about the .
basicmountain its hard for me to find good marvel ive got a nice print from target lol but dc sadly does better .
i hate a lying ass bitch .
how the fuck can some people not get atleast 1 on flappy bird i just got 11 while smoking a fuckin square .
the worst menu in mkr history .
good one you fucking bitch ass .
caitnicole3 im not sure im a broke nig 128542 .
haha yeah that loves doing a lot for us rn tbh i love women but thank god i was born a male haha notsexist .
pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go .
taecocky periods dont stop nothing but a sentence boo let me taste that pussy i bet u taste like quarters httpt8230 .
fuck you in ya pussy you know what i meant mf .
hoes will put with ya man 128540 as the location in their bio then get mad when you think they a hoe .
cant believe that kat and andre are still in the competition  mkr .
these hoes are hilarious these days 128514128514 .
da wit oil hopefully dat fuckin spider leaves or dies i hope dat bitch dying slow right now .
when i see a super bad bitch and she happen to be from my city i just feel the need to shoot my shot .
that hate shit dont mean nothing bitch im feeling myself .
rubyfakhoury lets not forget the fact that everyone and their mother has yellow fever .
tweets2sweet niggas really are the new bitter bitches .
pink nipples are cute but some be looking nasty than a bitch 128567 .
dont think that it wont go dont put on a cape unless you plan on being a hero its not a photo op its a job .
messi to be off are you kidding me so they took off neymar you little bitch .
ross pulling hoes .
i like being dont give me the pussy too fast .
stop saying cyber hackers omg .
thompsonera so some of yal bitches need to stock up on jello to fix yal broke up ass personalities 128514 .
8220funnypicsdepot all the seniors young side hoes gonna be at graduation like .
i dont like the weather right now its scaring me lol why is it yellow .
yaremisxo way other hoes boo .
there is another puppy .
when youre on show dont start making up dishes girls mkr mkr2015 .
my bitch bad piece yo bitch got bad feet 128514128514 .
wow i think kat is the least likeable person ever mkr .
lemme just throw a in it hows the tranny .
its just not the same cloud cake are not twinkies .
plenty of kobe vs dwight trash talk after the game too .
congratulations you have won the award for most hilarious tweet 2014 .
slap a hoe .
detroit nicca but im good in the a .
wheres all my did they .
trash .
go back to mutt i style of course that would running over a dog and it .
omg when yo side bitch find the gift you bought for ya girl lmfaoooooooo .
saw brownies on the kitchen counter bit into one and immediately a of pain and spice hit my tongue chili eff you brian .
these hoes they loving the 128564 .
bitch get outta here dumb ass8221 lmao8221 .
i like to mock apple but im interested to see what their looks like .
taking out a second and betting it all on the yankees winning the world cup they win a lot seemed like a to me .
its killing me mkr .
kiefferjason bye bitch .
elchavaloko wouldnt mind driving up to ghetto ass just to slap the shit out of and watch him stand there and just .
like bitch .
128514 welcome back b without your daily rants my tl was trash af .
but i do know one thing though bitches they come they go saturday through sunday monday monday through sunday superman .
who wanna play pin da tail on da colored mans butt .
aint that about a bitch what does that mean .
video cut 8212 an analysis of bong action film include .
video its coming you little bitch lana rey bitchy promo .
sjw evening of march 1st email me for invite .
wow charlie strong is cleaning house might be of 10 released before he is done .
dude said ice jj fish created player on 2k retarded too lol .
these bitches think they know snap ha bitch i am snap .
the meal sounds fab mkr .
finger a bitch w my trigger nigga shut up .
of using is that i have to create a new twitter account for each block list .
last but not least shoutout to those guys on the bus in georgia that were talking shit until they ran after being by my friend .
yungmigo bigmoneyniquee lol send dat nicca clean out talmbout some n what if he really is 128514128514128514 .
fight me den hoe .
i may or may not have at least 4 fob related tattoos already planned out .
nyrkelsmads dat colored guy be .
all you see is straight pussy in my iphone .
love used to feed them when i lived in wa state hv them on in sore .
theres a reason why the yankees dont want anderson any longer .
rage eating pocky .
if you cant do or say certain shit in front of yo bitch then dont do it .
these bitches dead be sucking and fucking niggaz with no wanna rock a dress the next day like bout dem clean .
the mkr .
why do my friends hate me because you a ratchet hoe .
bitch probably the 1st nigga that said good mornin back to her .
yep sources confirmed it that iggy concert last night was trash .
who the fuck puts a block of cheese in they room without a ghetto ass niggas like thats just the thing to do wrong .
with all this i had forgotten about the texan thank god hes back mkr .
lmao this bitch .
im tired of dat bitch .
and of drivers involved .
bad bitches in dirty ass houses ltltlt .
broski5519 call her 1st thing in da am let her know dat pussy on yo mind .
so disappointed i wasnt the biggest fan of the blondes but liked them so much more than kat mkr .
been these bitches since .
i guess the police have a history with this person repeatedly losing their dogs or something something bad has them very unhappy .
my stomach hurts like a bitch .
these hoes aint loyal .
trey songz went in on that looking ass bitches reply to nicki 128514128514128514128514 .
maybe nobody likes you because youre a bitch .
yankees ugh put one 420 dead center off him .
hoe i .
obamas tend to jihadis uniteblue .
we know what online abuse looks like weve been studying it and we will create reports and publish our .
i hate tht hoe i make it so hard just to talk dont i i get off topic dont i i get it poppin dont i ill end up wont i .
david block that bitch .
i talk to these bitches like i really do care .
i just read prolly 11 tweets from 11 different girls about how their relationship ended today yo hoe will get slayed .
were serving leftovers for breakfast mkr .
128514128514128514128514128514128514 itsnotharold smh bitch sellin her ass .
gold .
no that really happens who doesn8217t like it when a random bad bitch hits you up just to s8230 .
jon jones just lost all my respect turned down a fight like a bitch hope he loses his next fight now .
stevestfler stop talking ghetto youre white .
youre bitch .
this bitch really happy she got followers from getting kicked out of a moving car by her abusive bf and almost .
amitchellll13 my bestfriend got jumped by like 67 dudes n ur upset u have to pay fines gtfo bitch .
best of luck to the in miami your legacy is saved lol yankees redsox mlb .
you a bitch nigga .
you know for school to cut all them bitches .
randiebooks growing up in the south really cool thing about this is this is something you can change .
i asked zzachbarness to get me pink bunnies one time so he brought me yellow .
mkr kat is better tv she is a natural unlike ash who is a fake one .
jneen freebsdgirl .
never cooked on a barbecue before unaustralian mkr .
my dick your bitch on it .
born with a target on my skin .
is for real niggaz is for pussies .
samred just users doesnt do text i know article is a bit old but wanted to throw that out there .
dropped a cause bitch im song called the mixtape here .
all the great qbs fold under pressure if u peyton ass he gon gook out .
also it8217s a to jihadi propaganda they themselves as the only ones willing to die for their cause .
i swear this hoe been following me ever since i went on break .
you a broke bitch too .
i can tweet i dont fw crayons and my ex gone subtweet me saying only bitch niggas fw crayons anyways .
wtf is this chick singing the 7th inning stretch at the giants game wearing shes like a redneck .
pussy like damn is my pussy gay .
i a youtube video makes money out of twinkie crisis in free market spirit .
if you got a problem with me bring it up with me before i up on yo bitch ass .
you sound like a real cunt .
go eat bear shit you fuckin yokel .
everyday i turn more into a cold heartless bitch .
im so all yo bitches know me most these niggas well at least they know me .
so many good looking dishes and also a few bad ones too mkr .
halloween use to be a holiday for kids it is now national dress like your inner hoe day .
works well for some colors the pastels are gorgeous but fade super quickly the blues are amazing .
everybody got foreign bitches and foreign cars 128564128564 .
jasonbentley i was somewhere maybe pink pink backpack .
like i know i can be a bitch sometimes but some people need to know their levels .
lvl7eevee unicorncowboy hisorraya i just wanted brownies man .
metacookbook jennytrout it is very appreciated thank you .
i cant stand to be around ghetto .
no that nigga goin to work quit tryin to kill a niggas vibe you broke bitch .
catching up on mkr did nikki amp katie get a script to say the things they are saying because i wouldnt be caught dead saying any of that .
i told yall he was going to do that shit u pussy boy .
there was also no need for her to be a cunt and act like shes something special it wasnt .
shaofhappiness i love your dog so much .
still alive .
so there .
sometimes p i try .
russell brand mocks bill oreilly for wall against video .
yesallwomen because i avoid my favorite restaurant during lunch hours because a man who tries to chat me up works there then .
i know if i dont move out by next year my mom gonna bitch at me the whole time i live with her .
oh my god mkr .
thatangrynigga in that i get more bitches than you if so you right .
this how most of yall side hoes gone look on valentines day lol .
niggaz been making trash lately well not everybody but some lol .
a gamergate fan attending lists all they dont like about the industry it seems to be all the good things httptc .
no one wants to see women karl he retarded .
seriously who cares what color somebody is that makes you a huge faggot in my book .
tryna get grey to call off work but hes being a bitch lol .
whitethunduh ha well i make them hoes loyal bro theyll never be loyal that y they hoes my nig .
pass you dumb ass zebra jerks .
can i get a fuck you to these bitches from all of my niggas who dont love hoes they get no .
i really fucking hate misogynist i really fucking hate feminists notsexist .
toddkincannon hes been drinking too much of that shitty canadian hoser beer eh .
i just wanna spread your legs amp kiss amp lick my way down to your pussy just so i can feel every bit of on my .
8220vsamone any favorites off yellow album of 127942 .
you gotta fuck ugly bitches from 3 over that youll never see again so you can work the out of your sex .
as long as women have a biological advantage that sport or activity will be and ridiculed .
lmaooo hoes so childish 128557128514128557128514 .
yankees go away already frizzle18 .
who doesnt want a bad bitch .
wccorosen too bad the i have for the royals you dont have for the twins take those colored glasses off .
yeah tht a bitch we aint gay brah chill .
warrenleighttv pretty entertaining that they think nys isnt a hashtag used to justify harassment good job .
ncoghlandev im a jerk with an ego the size of texas and im still having probs my head around it .
beans that were yellow before friday night are brown few green leaves but not size top end .
southsidevic why girls be so when they pussy fart embrace that shit make the cheeks clap with it we finna .
idk why your shit hoe bye .
is hillary the candidate via worldnetdaily .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx bbw brazilian bbw babe in pussy and ass .
well now that im basically gone full retard lets get .
lmao this bitch high asf and she asked me do i look high .
you a pussy dawg pipetyson .
stupid freshman bitches that walk like slow as hell and u cant get around them hurry the fuck up .
bitch would rather fuck a poster damn thats cold .
pretty sure richard is cracker von .
tbt to when i used to be good at ima bitch .
thats what i thought pussy .
the cripple not getting up clean helped the call have been fair either way .
tupac could fuck any bitch in the world in 1996 and niggas on here crying about a pic he took for bitches .
myalynnx3 bitch im sick .
therealemandm im off whenever i feel like it im off til monday and you put in your two weeks flip them the bird mannn .
go the first grade should be a cracker physical .
crack cocaine can steal your bitch from you .
adrian1knowsu haha lml no nah de pussy shit lol 128514128514 .
if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe .
these hoes aint loyal duhh bitch she a hoe .
osvaldovause kik me u nigglet i need to know when we to the pool .
i gotta give de credit he is a man of his word cant arrest niggas for weed anymore hahahaha fuuuuuck bitch .
females think dating a pussy is cute now how does doing this stuff make him a pussy .
damn those shiner rock those bud light and that .
when you colored every day is sunday .
i wanna experience that late amp early pussy .
i see so you feel betrayed your racism comes out shocked you didnt call him uncle tom you bitter loser .
cant quite shake the feeling that mkr is a tiny bit rigged since when do add more value to a show .
my dad wanted me to twat him 128563 .
me amp are down bitches .
i only carry 5 of these things none of which is ladylike .
slim lil ainn bout it bitch how yu figure .
i approve this message good pussy is a mufucka .
pause but niggas is bitches tho boy niggaz b so bitch made u kiss em n da mouth .
a nice of voices in china africa trade the oriental .
im tired of fat hoes calling themselves thick bitch yo fat ass cant even bend over and touch your toes .
yup fuck em playing like trash 80sbaby4life clippers dont wanna play lol .
manufeildel i love that tie mkr .
jordans are trash .
i love me some down ass bitches .
gamergate just called j4cob a copy boy or personal on 8chan .
there is this yellow thing in the sky i dont know what to make of it .
arnajane kat and andre annie and death please mkr .
you knw where i am pussy i hate when u ask me tht .
raining more like raining bullshit because we all know no one can bloody cook mkr .
that bitch mouth made the honor roll .
im on go so bitch tread .
my shift wont be over no time so in the mean time im doing what i have to go to get by and if it means tweeting trash i will .
im bout to start singing and shit lol hoes going crazy or this nigga august .
better nip that shit in the bud early .
damn its hotter than a bitch .
lildurk seem like dese bitches aint loyal .
dey gave da wrong nicca money .
after bitches get da dick they be .
just saw dawn of the planet of the apes one of the better moves ive seen this year i didnt know if i wanted the apes or8230 .
its like dampd for .
i want some popcorn hoes .
nra gun laws ur retarded theres murder there bcuz no one can defend themselves only have guns there .
dpalomino52 you a poop see im going all ghetto talk wtf .
when i see a fine bitch i dont get excited .
yankees were you expecting anything short of fireworks in his final farewellcaptain .
clicquotsuave drop that pussy .
hey ladies can i ask you a question why do yall niggas be so fkn lame it be the baddest bitches wit the lamest niggas .
stockputout if you mean they have giant dicks that theyre around yes .
ima miss smiley and graham and daniel tho they were pretty cool to me when i was there ima beat bitch ass every day .
blackgirldanger this no response needed just read act gt re .
both are still marvel .
josh is such a mamas boy and sweetheart mkr .
maniac3x elchavaloko he seems like a weak faggot so probably yea .
some of you hoes so basic i have to break it down style 128514128514 .
i remember 2 of my friends had this and i was jelly had this bitch you couldnt tell me shit bruh .
funnypicsdepot niggas develop when it comes to getting some pussy .
from contestants it wasnt that bad wtf mkr .
senorsteez this whole week was trash .
aye nigga who tryna you trash though lol .
is a hoe for that .
sometime i wish i wasnt colored .
teebizzle i aint shit you aint we meant for eachother .
kat and andre annie and death please mkr .
people choice even better mkr .
dont be sore losers k amp a mkr .
tf im acting like a sad ass bitch for old anthony coming back .
hiddenhorcrux yes they were one of the top teams and were safe mkr .
three beers is the right number of beers to run this twitter honestly .
athenahollow freebsdgirl he really picked the wrong women to go after me thinks .
id rather sit at the house all day and jack off then bust a mission to literally only chill with a bitch .
i wasnt put on earth for a bitch not to like i damn for sure .
you a hoe for not having on fried chicken .
including ya size hoe .
how embarrassing is right i would be embarrassed to be you two as well mkr .
if you curve me im just going to assume your pussy is trash and you were doing me a favor .
broke bitches that talk shit those the ones that i stunt for 128526 .
disappointing that katandandre made it through mkr .
bshiznitt you lying bitch .
that bitch abt fuck me nahh fuck dat bitch .
trevaughnlg retweets the most random shit just cause a bad bitch tweeted it 128514 .
mkr how does melbourne mkr be about a minute or 2 behind nsw .
just saw a crow across the road wut 128514 .
life aint nuthin but bitches and money .
the truth hurts nigguh .
sigje tempting i lt3 chef community so much but given my focus is moving away from devops seems like funds should go to someone else p .
not going to put up a red equals sign on my facebook because im not a faggot but im all for marriage equality .
this is seriously unbelievable mkr .
i need to sit down with one and figure out how to be a better pm at my life .
eternalhbic if u got cotton mouth u can eat my pussy .
females always tryna make a nigga feel bad about some shit like bitch ima smoke this weed and be happy all day .
the movie a hard ass chick flick this nigga goes back in time if he but too quick n fucks the bitch over n over lol .
he wants pussy nd a mean a cat .
all kat and andre did was cut up bread and layer it with ham and cheese and they cant even get that right seriously they need to go mkr .
like the hoes when they lay w me puppy eyes when i go sayin stay wit me .
lip reading coming in handy mkr .
typically mine are fairly low they dropped especially when they realized i wasnt bothering to engage many blocked users .
all yankees and their roof astros .
saucygyro the was right hoes aint loyal .
okay mykitchenrules you have played with us enough now get rid of all the useless fucks amp get a real cooking comp happening mkr .
im drunk eat a fucking twat .
im glad i met this chick reminds me the trash i left behind .
if you got tats on your breast you a trash ass bitch and stay far away from me with ya acid pussy .
today in things gamergate does to try to stop oapi they link to quotes of things i used to believe that i admitted to on my own blog .
but if you knew bitch youll do better 128074 .
life to short to be walkin round mad at bitches .
mcnarstle and out our cnn ebola panel tonight the monkey from the film .
finally found my macbook power cable time to make slides im one of the keynote speakers for girldevweek at .
mykitchenrules meatballs to die for and bacon to cry for mkr .
these hoes be acting up amp you know what imma let em .
hoodbibie side hoes get no love .
just like i made you hoes come for me i can make yall go away .
boosie ran this hoe .
georgieonthego go ahead id be interested in seeing what you hopefully they will be more creative than your articles .
voiceofrae thequinnspiracy spacekatgal but heres my number .
i just wanna b a side nigga to a thick pretty faced cuffed hoe that does coke garbage rappers n at p8230 .
some bitches need to get a life .
maybe someone will use kats weber mkr .
dont be afraid to let your feelings show unless youre a bitch .
false start bitches .
one last shot at this love shit then im dogging you hoes8221 .
you aint nothin but a piece of cheese with out the in other words you aint never gone be a slice bitch 128514128514128514 .
islamic jihadis run away to uniteblue .
im dat nigga that these hoes just cant stand 127926 bg .
bitches be like keep calm im single first of all bitch nobody was hype .
amaninblack .
keep to myself this year bitches reckless .
gurujeremy hoes use just happened excuse as a means to wit them being a ho they make it seem as if they had no control o8230 .
you already know ima keep it bday lha bitch i love yu nigga .
thecoreyholcomb you are who you kick it wit yall check yo squad if amp ass bitches surround u its twice a8230 .
for the eggs side nicca .
spacekatgal twitter 13 yr olds 13 yr olds dont generally have bank accts lots of people dont have bank in cash .
aint it a bitch when one of the people you get so excited hearing from sends the most thing ever ugh let down .
phil hughes looking like the phil hughes of old 2010 yankees mlb .
mykitchenrules mkr can almost taste that yummy food but i still pick the corn fritters yummo .
yeah just like how male doctors never attend either .
ill show you how much of a fag i am 128527 .
hey you race fbi bitch wheres your punk ass speaking for justice on this .
drinking and eating marshmallows basically because im a classy bitch .
guess who yo bitch .
a in dis big bitch fwm everywhere 217emmanuel .
i absolutely love my regardless what we go through thats my bitch .
everybody fuckin everybody bitch everybody wit the shits thats .
kitchen camping challenge ash amp camilla win choice video mkr .
lemme find out a bitch run u haha .
stevie j my nigga 128175128175 bitch be on ten .
confident in one way pussy in another so strange .
i dont fuck wit hoes or broke bitches .
foodbibie oreo cheesecake .
cant stand a nigga that curve his boys for some hoes .
what yall hoes up to .
schmeezi having male employees truly sucks because they your authority based on your gender and tweet about you to strangers .
kiefferjason what ok bitch we going to see your a funny mother fucker .
were here at the opening serving free samples of vegan brownies .
bitch came to the club with a broken neck bitch you serious .
82201017sqquad bitch get out dem feelings and get some new .
man is there a lot of garbage on the internet today watch out for the bags of shit around here everyone .
making sweet love to my hand cause i cant buy a hoe tonight .
gentlermouse not giving the talk just going to be there for the fireworks .
having a bitch aint goofy having bitch dat aint loyal is .
gdc hall look for the neon pink backpack .
thank you .
yes get rid of kat mkr .
twitchyteam richard greg mocks id and proves point of .
i envy your ability to the world of reality art amp again i ask what are they paying per tweet mkr .
nobody cares about kirk care bout my cousin hoe .
coconono theres no hard definition of what dos beyond lack of service service is open to mean many things .
slut i aint playin go find a white and color a fuckin zebra .
yeah i know its book the one where he admits to beating and lying abo8230 .
re i will laugh so hard if twitter does the obvious and freebsdgirl as the new sheriff .
plmpcess a silent protest in performance artists protest the murder of mike brown while mock it httptco8230 .
yo kaycimalynn i miss you ya cunt .
pussies .
you nigguhs pussies .
stay tuned to for an update on the report that yankees will be out 810 weeks bum .
that was a solid of 15 mins up frank yankees wow .
not so now mkr .
suekennedy19 notice we didnt see kat and andre in any of those cut aways mkr yay .
your teeth are like the stars aww thanks yeah yellow and far away from each other .
my grandma got a colored so pretty she better let me borrow it .
fuck you tweetin me emojis for faggot francoiskilljoy 202sole 978665039 .
literally just got shit on by a youre gonna fuckin die bird .
brendagisselca then what the hell are the of being your hoe this is some bullshit .
time to cheer on helenaandvikki on mkr learn more about them here .
love you too my nig squad .
youve got to have a lot of manure before you can sing like a hillbilly .
yall boyz was fried fuck dat pussy nigga in the blue doe .
my nigga pullin hoes .
works like a in with full test coverage the version would rarely made in there .
every real nicca need a real bitch .
twerking in the of secrets with all my bad bitches .
i tend to have more sense that bitches older than me thats .
long hair pussy any time you want it .
if anyone ever gets an attitude or w e with me idgaf who it is i am going to be a bitch right back .
cnt nobody be mad at who he choose to be with i cant be mad at no bitch its the nigga so hay .
youre a fucking pussy and no this isnt a joke you girly little bitch .
hate when bitches tryna put you in the im tryna score put me in the .
aye bitch .
lohanthony is such a little bitch he doesnt even like the girls and he gets followed i my life to them and i ge8230 .
one sick bitch .
katie nikki and pete evans are everything that is wrong with society mkr .
a girl knows when a niggah just trynna fuck .
ugly bitch cdfu .
o didnt know sure hes a little bitch on the other hand you that guy knows .
lol active idgaf about an active hoe as long as shes not fucking my man need to learn how to mind your business .
early bird catches the worm people .
youre right momma aint raise no faggot .
this nigga fucking a bitch at while me and b been waiting in the car for 20 minutes now .
i see a real nicca when i look in the mirror .
lmaooooooo record damn twitter famous bitches out hea 128557128557 .
and you thought annie and lloyds was bad katandandre mkr .
troymadden if i see a bitch walking around wearing what rihanna had on ima grab a titty and hoe i dare you to get mad we can fight .
i is colored latino and some jewish when i move in i dont ruin the neighborhood i wipe it out .
go sassy people mkr .
can i sit on your face 8212 sit on a hot bitch .
im working on a new project video about harassment amp i need your help need vid clips of ppl reading an abusive tweet theyve received .
those hoes aint loyal .
retweet to save a dumb bitch .
pete and manu will push them through mkr .
hell i believe you darealquitam vonshayeb lol i still look good im smaller than half these hoes .
runs the 22 in nascar its yellow theres a sponsor already there .
niggas hoes amp ugly bitches 128514128514128514128514 i get on facebook just to remind myself im doing fine .
attention leggings aint for everybody especially you hippo looking hoes .
it was incredibly fucking difficult to type that .
yo ladies i think its time we sit down as a group and talk about stopwadhwa2015 google .
when isnt doing his faggot gook speak hes actually funny .
ready to run playing as mkr background music mkr .
honestly its enough bad bitches in the universe for everyone not including dykes .
oh look didnt step into his throw and threw an nice flat throw cunt .
kiefferjason u can have a tool bet u want shoot it tho pussy ass nigga but u cant through dem hands tho .
this is better than flappy .
any man who a 6 inch sandwich at subway is a pussy bitch fact .
school is so pointless im just trying to pass the class and get out this bitch .
hah im as hell still feeling awesome in it its about how it makes you feel not what others think .
ive given a lot of tech talks in the past this one isnt really so technical more community p .
pussy shit .
i like brownies 128546 .
i wanna be that white nigga chillin in my mini just throwin money at bitches .
thats what i call a crash dummy hoe .
spaceplankton this monkey on my back keeps poop in my hair .
doctorow ive been told that the rules are my responsibility and no one can show them .
text me instead of playing flappy birds .
adrian1knowsu nigglet .
cant decide if i dislike the promo girls more than i dislike kat amp andre either way one of them is gone tonight winning mkr2015 mkr .
im sorry but some peoples names are just fuckin parents should get a bitch slap for naming kids like 8230 .
fdgonthier patreon thanks .
mydickiscalled my dick is called batman because bitches love it when my dark knight .
mama said no pussy cats inside my dog house .
if you hang with hoes youre a hoe by association if you try and debate this youre a hoe if you get offended by this youre a .
get bitch woof woof .
republican rick scott has been reelected defeating democrat charlie crist .
hes just a cunt and nobody likes him he should choke on shit .
girlthatsvonte yall still going trick or treating this year or yeah ima be da sweet steal bitches bags n shit .
wadhwa is now blaming npr for bad health .
mad respect to for refusing to wear a yankees cap though as a sox fan wearing a mets cap probably irritated him too .
you know this man itsnotharold u got some pack fag boy im comin thru .
pro death penalty anti some of obamacare fewer govt regulations free market better but .
aianhangover i could never date someone who isnt goofy tryna date a bland boring ass bitch .
wow i just realize how much life must suck for somebody who is actually named james .
worse yet u meet a bird with a nice ras and youre like something about u looks familiar .
ya bitches dumb as fuck for the .
its a really tough problem because its a big problem it is far reaching it has many different forms .
bitch you gotta glo up one day .
beautifulkeezy yess bitch .
listen to her she curving you on the low idntwearcondoms what it mean if a girl thinks u have the hoes but u dont .
what a ratchet ass bitch bet she felt .
man that nigga courage always bein a bitch hit dat shit lil nigga .
a majority of my news feed is people arguing about what it means to be a redneck .
i got my mind on my money all i needs a bad bitch so i can ride round the city and spend this cash with .
calmicc in the right circumstances im a lot more and understanding than many would believe .
well dayum tristine214 i seen you bitches knocking tags off your clothes on your with .
was he accused himself didnt know if there is back story .
82201017sqquad iont got not type bad bitches is the only thing that i like8221 .
bruh bitches be wearing heels and club outfits to school and shit .
shervyn i need to be less uncomfortable talking about money i dont like asking for it really bad at that .
mama told me if a bitch feet dirty her pussy dirty cause ya feet the first thing that hit the water when you .
heydenbunsyolo really u use in another nigga name and u follow a nigga who doesnt fucking like you your a faggot eyed mother fucker .
being a girl sucks we have to deal with periods making us a bitch shaving our legs on a daily basis and worrying about what we eat .
bumpin that nigga nigga rick ross this hoe going outside enjoying this weather .
not dumb just of mkr .
fuck bitches get .
take that and shove it up your ass keitholbermann yankees derekjeter .
the fuck be wrong with these bitches nobody knows .
oomf make my skin itch like ew bitch .
wake up im blessed 1041243 kush no stress god for ma success ma bitches say im the best .
you know how trash of a grown ass woman you gotta be for a nigga to be fucking around 17 year old 10 year old trash .
triggercheck yup although i havent really been able to vote that way in a while its getting more difficult to find sane repubs .
lean wit it rock wit it az niccas lol .
if us women in tech are strong enough to get this far why arent we strong enough to mentor to push for change no more fygm .
im flipping thru the tv saw the on for a second and all i can say is all them hoes garbage .
flyoutchase bitch what i dont give a fuck what you say but dont fuckin lie on me you hairy bitch .
welcome back colin mkr mkr2015 .
grown men wearing with other grown mens name on forget your fucking pom poms .
128514128514128514128514 murda out here sucking bitches 128514128514128514128514 .
im finna start slapping bitches .
myersnfl oh gosh i hope you feel better .
because i made sure i wasnt alone and had multiple before a male yesallwomen .
let those bitches keep loving sosa .
no problem all those can be a real bitch .
im trynna find me a wifey type not a hoe type .
school take hungry kids lunch amp throw in trash because their lunch funds arent paid up thatll teach em httptc8230 .
how bitches look wen they hear their song in da club .
girlziplocked will read gotta go for a bit still bringing stuff in from car after week long road trip .
youre a garden rose and that bitch is a weed .
news flash if a writer creates a to answer some that character probably sucks .
guess ill have to add robin williams right next to charlie adam remains my only favorite left .
huntermoore bout to be in ike a couple hours .
shoutout to brooklyn and this gas on my way to to mess with ghetto girls working at target now .
is on november 10th get your early bird tickets from .
cheeseplus yeah im kind of feeling like for what im doing wsp is ok for doing more monitoring redis would be good .
dfkinlopes lying ass bitch .
goodmorning bitches ladykimora water front san diego .
if being ugly peoples opinions fox news would have been taken over by by now .
someone is going home mkr that obviously cannot cook .
lilduval real bitches text u can u talk before they call .
fuck all u stupid hoes .
these hoes getting dressed up as hoes for halloween just to do what they always do every other night .
how long are they going to let the fools in ferguson continue stop pussy amp them by whatever means necessary .
oreo cookie pancakes foodporn .
itsdorry attractive girls are always the most insecure these looking bitches walk around thinking their the shit 128129 .
having spent the whole of catching fire telling the bitch next to me to put her phone away i am now the so i can buy milk .
real he eats your pussy until u nut so why u cant return the .
lmaoo u a has been ass bitch .
two bad bitches giving me head at the same dam time lol .
i got so many horses all the hoes say that its gorgeous in tha air dats where my doors .
fuck your redskins bitch .
boney ass bitch out mini 128514 .
i need a bitch to top me till i get sleepy 128564 .
why beg for nudes when you could fuck that bitch and make a video staring yourself and you get some booty win win .
lmao harden look like the last air out this bitch .
kat and andre are now more hated than adam and carol mkr and thats saying something .
wired online abuse isnt impossible heres where we start .
nun fucking bitches getting money .
oreo cake .
stonerboii2cold back in high school w one fuck these hoes now nigga lol thats what they for .
got this a last word before blocking me ever heard of sarcasm rename yourself thanks awfully xxx .
not sure why someone would put my pictures on a escort website i aint selling pussy .
kingcuh 16stanleys io io alu record ho vine hahahaha lol haha .
gentlermouse if i look too fancy itll be out of place plus ive got piercings and bright hair so yknow personal style .
itscoleharmon you bitches with a cup boobs need to stop wasting money on and just buy some tank tops like the rest of the homies .
0 energy for these hoes .
type a bitch make u take her on 10 dates then she give u da and the shit weak damn .
because that sounds like torture to me how can you fucking defend it doesnt seem to convince assholes .
i prolly leave up out this bitch with my cups in my hand and yo hand in my other hand .
yes because i too want to be fat and have a fat bitch wife .
who shot john lookin ass hoe .
99 percent of the trash we dump in the sea is missing this is not a good thing 8594 .
causewereguys if these 3 drop a song together bitches will never run out of quotes .
wilkieii wadhwa also used his book account to criticism i sent to his personal acct then an .
he may be the president but that doesnt necessarily mean hes in the sole position of power in to making such decisions .
you confused me in a good way really colin im not confused now i realise youre a bargain bin cookbook chef mkr .
youngrecklesss aint no money or no hoe in the world can spoil it 128175 .
today i heard my boss say motherfucker bitch like it was so funny bc she has an asian accent .
it used to be a shame to be with social media they call it lol .
met hoe in te is wet water .
jamajam you bitches be pretending to be tf crazy you aint never lied .
kaycimalynn and i greet each other by saying hey cunt like it makes me only person okay with me .
hes a pretty damn good actor but as a gay man its awesome to see an openly queer actor given the lead role for a major superhero film .
gets a million retweets but cant even get a bitch to text him back .
kstar lol damn just thought id let you know my dad was going super saiyan ape shit .
im in my glory bitch .
so i dont get that puppy but the director is and telling me i can have 50 off any other dog .
amitchellll13 lolol you suck bitch .
are you upset about tonights elimination result mkr .
mikebinthed rams are for fags .
some ho hitting on my wife lol .
no one wants bubble amp squeak for breakfast jfc mkr .
if this bitch new the amount of shit i spoke bout her on my lol .
if pussy lips could talk ill go down there like its .
you didnt even pass yet you bitch lmao .
sometimes a lot of this still feels like playing at being a responsible much as i travel this path good place to be .
amaninblack but to put the on ghazi is to basically say i hate seeing people talk about abuse for many of the .
allankmelb mkr whats with all the its not what we were expecting judge whats put in front of you not what you think should .
fuck no my school boring and ghetto .
love having subs cause when starts being a fucking bitch i just crank up the system simple solutions .
seniors were chill as fuck this years seniors are basic ass bitches .
miss 9 has just asked why didnt they do the sorbet first to ensure that its frozen in time mkr .
8220voiceofdstreetz voiceofdstreetz lol for lol you dissing shut up bitch .
i really hope that the promogirls a few into kat amp andres mains that would make me smile mkr .
this bitch always got shit to say about what other people like .
excuse me kotaku but i am a devops not just an activist .
its true though lol jwill252 if your girl think about you amp you dont make her pussy jump you aint shit .
what i do gotta report you as spam 80sbaby4life ladies if your head game better than your pussy .
ray rice is a bitch amp his wife is stupid for staying by his side .
i support all of my niggaz and bitches doing dope shit on the west side and in my city la .
bathing suspended tub not for shy people bathing weird and yet cool .
beautifulkeezy 8220100046729 beautifulkeezy lmfao bitch was i talking to you im talking to you in my bubba voice 128514128514128514128128 .
sueypark its technically in the burbs but i love epic salad dressing .
tea with lavender honey you complete me .
pornhub good pussy will change your life .
you know how hard it is to find a good woman but yo hoe ass being ungrateful and cheating on your good woman cuz what faggot shit .
iammatticus twitter will send an email tomorrow morning .
jk i would be a bitch if i got them done .
i am currently using a yellow that is literally called spanish orange for this drawing of absolute perfection .
and i aint neva gave a fucc about a bitch boy .
opinion .
hi ho back to the we go mkr mkr2015 .
i cant wait to see the new planet of the apes .
wiz lost his bitch to this nigga aint no weed in the world strong enough to help him get over that .
i got a sister she told me stop calling women bitches .
shanley that campaign signals to any stalkers past partners etc that now is the time to get them this often means cyber sexual .
quinnaemoon the anger about this episode the opinions that matter most i think are those of the people character was  .
west305 ima whoop this its nothing you bean head ass bitch .
lebronvuitton i dont stand in line at clubs the security come escort me in yellow diamonds tell a bitch get over here .
i dont wanna be a hoe .
fucking kat and andre eew mkr .
it hurts my brain just trying to come up with sexistfacts the sun is 92 million miles from earth .
thanks 4 beating those fags now believe i dont give a fuck about you im raider nation bitches thanks 4 .
wheres ours at nigguh .
they wouldnt let me use my old picture cause my hair was the woman at the front desk said i wouldnt have to hatin hoes .
currensyspitta dont neva check a real nigga check a hoe .
if you balling buy yo bitch somethin .
happy cunt .
i would bitch about the weather being bipolar but im just gonna appreciate how nice it is instead .
mkr what is this shit .
aye my gone let ya bitch fuck wit my team .
he loves it all around it he loves the fast life im sure hes already on hoes as well .
i def got a few shades cutting my mama grass there goes my yellow frame lol .
damn bird nearly gave me a heart attack and all she said was oh bitch oh .
wordtothewise stop retweeting im tired of seeing that bitch on my tl .
when they bitch about carbon tell them to stop breathing because adds carbon to the atmosphere .
iglvzx freebsdgirl sadsuspenders you really think im a sexy shark .
young thug called a bitch his twin on a track i dont even know what he mean by that but im definitely bout to start calling bitches that .
what a hoe lol .
you hang out with a hoe you gonna turn into a hoe .
they must be russian birds russian birds are known for .
everyone report for being a huge faggot .
if doesnt show up with hella tinder hoes im not his friend anymore chill i brought like like 8 .
three nsw teams are 1 take that with no team in the comp mkr .
hick and is a that has a very large .
i was raised the person that uses a gun and cant take an ass is a pussy .
this bitch need to wake up asap lol .
my sister is such a bitch .
i dont even remember any of these people mkr .
mmmotorsports yesyouresexist ive desert wo chase crew cell phones only and map i .
well bitch biology said 128514128514128514 .
if someone thinks you have hoes they just saying that cause either they wanna be one or be the only one .
rihannahasaids i had free tickets and couldnt go because i had chemistry aint that a bitch .
yumchaaddict mmmm what are your fave love chinese food binksterb kittyholiday mkr mmmm http .
does have some but a 2nd saying show me accts older than n days is easy metadata already exists update .
8220koleworld4 whatevaittakes its cute af i believe u its jus getting pass trusting u wit a needle to someone .
email vid to randirandiio share on amy file share service whatever you prefer .
ask for my number he a lame im like cuh with my bitches turn down for what .
i don8217t understand how it8217s weak to give anything to jeter when the astros barely have any history with the yankees .
the most beautiful women be havin the most retarded on their pics sht be extra dumb .
boyfriends thatll eat yo pussy all day long ur da real mvp .
big tweetin ass nicca .
my bitch educated had her clients pay the .
my fantasy starts today got pussy nigga los up first seattle d cut upppppp .
so useless didnt even finish that episode of mkr might have to leave catching up for the weekend .
man shut yo ass up want some hoes cdfu stay wid me on here mann .
datafran it definitely female if thats what they are going for oh wait its dc yup .
flipping back and forth between yankees playoff baseball and the known as the new york jets .
same shit but your bm tho vianawf if my ex wanna go fuck my enemy may god be with her aint my hoe no more .
omg omg omg i think they just asked if obama made ggautoblocker .
cant a bitch living say i brought her michael we need more guys like you 128588 .
karlosbudah give me head amp kiss yo nigga you a ill bitch .
cbsthismorning charlierose racist norahodonnell tx trash enjoy your high along with gop win a for racist loss .
these hoes really aint loyal .
1stblocjeremiah i aint gettin my hands tatted dumb ass y yo bitch ass leave da bus stop last night the main was goin .
brownbagpantry weve got controls on twitter like block and mute which keep us from seeing most things we dont like .
bouta all these stupid bitches .
even if you hate the yankees there is no way you cant like derek jeter he is one of the and most .
im against feminism i think men and women should be equal a bitch that dont know shit about feminism .
yes yes yes .
youre a dyke 9995 .
i love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem forreal real shit i cant even help it .
i wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all myself like the colored from a fourth of .
if he asks what you about to do after yall get done fucking you a hoe .
the baddest bitch is back on chestnut ryancommakerry .
the amount of kind words and support weve received from all of you has been thank you all so very much .
please be a little depressed bitch the entire time .
these lame bitches dont have a fighting chance .
msoltan18 koredeb9 nvm thought we were talking fifa sorry matt youre not trash at zombies .
flappy bird is dusty .
is that weird am i doing the right thing it feels so .
i dont blame crash for not sharing with you youll probably talk trash about it like you do food trucks .
even gtta ak at my bitch house .
you know what they say the early bird gets the worm puts worms in your morning coffee .
comattwow sweharris i have absolutely no idea what you are going on about dude the blocklist wasnt even updated today .
moneydriven y u arguing with that ugly bitch on twitter .
im not finna beg a nigga to fwm nor will i beg a bitch to be my friend 128514 fuck yall thought .
5sos are trash .
yas bitch dont have too much fun .
oh yay i am so glad i get to see more of these sass girls mkr .
you gotta block dumb hoes .
false equivalence .
poor hes supporting the right 23 of you guys all on his gut dont hurt it charlie .
uceina a bitch is all my mama told me not to talk to bitches .
dark skinned niggas fuck better than light skinned in the bitch .
i keep running under trees or when birds fly to avoid their being targeted by their lack of a system .
one time this girl asked my what my problem was i replied i love bad bitches 128514128514 .
i am not your side bitch no more .
thats all im saying you hoe ass niggas .
lmaooo hell naw nigga you must was playing school of blind and cripple .
smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music i bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit 128530 .
if i posted pics of everything i do in my life yall hoes would fall in love kill em channing .
cuauhtli02 bruh im under 2 blankets like a bitch right now .
talking about you hate men and done with penis but go get you a manly looking chick that uses a strap on bitch stfu .
wyattnuckels grizzboadams haha the little shit brought his other bitch .
everybody thats still on facebook ghetto or pregnant .
mykitchenrules mkr bullshit .
bluntsnextdoor good pussy have a nigga like funniest thing ive ever seen on 8230 .
mkr fingers crossed the lemon curd will catch on fire .
eattin all this pussy im to get chubby .
u lucky he holdin me back bitch .
these niggas cars be and they have the nerve to put some rims and some speakers in the bitch .
the fuckin hoes .
when she wit me got yo bitch open .
5sos not .
y give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9 .
where is mkr tonight .
yep same but its also wrong of mkr to let them get away with it mkr2015 .
maybe we need a mkr channel that goes 247 .
i really dont want to hear the boys say lets pitch a tent mkr2015 mkr .
im not a misandrist but males in general can not im not sexist but females in general can not drive .
this hoe 128293128293 .
this what yall hoes want .
im not from the ghetto .
i been getting bitches my whole life i been getting money my whole life .
fuck u bitch hope i dont see u bitch cuz i would love for u to tell me to my .
side hoes need rounds too peachpapayya they always play stupid hoe song back to back .
if u expect me to stop playin with niggas but u playin widd bitches i cant deal .
the online abuse prevention initiative news .
i was follow already but lets go .
go watch nick jr childish ass bitch the are playing 8221 .
yall be makin your nigga dinner meanwhile he out there eatin another bitch homemade dinner .
not over no twitter shit plus youre a female you letting a dumb sloppy body ignorant bitch speak for people .
unlike some of yall boring ass bitches lol .
damn girl u is a straight .
i added a swap p .
notice we didnt see kat and andre in any of those cut aways mkr .
so you still rather have trash ass geno smith than alex you sick u still cant tell alex sucks you blind man .
but she a hoe tho right 128564 .
because of the message that sends to in the state not as if west virginia is a paradise for queer people today is major .
send that hoe 128514128514 .
eat that pussy from the back and slide two fingers in .
jundishes amen little mama y does this old southern country bitch like you so much i dont know but i do .
keep those away frm charlie day just once in my life id like for someones favorite part of my body to be my disgusting knees .
if those at called me an i would say guilty fuck you pass the bacon tcot .
only if its yellow cake amp chocolate frosting .
im just in my car jamming to taylor with my side bitch .
matt cancer free gotta hoes throw him some booty before his .
now i gotta ask bitches for nudes on facebook 128530 .
this nigga magic johnson got a grade a faggot for a son 128514128514 he had to have done some terrible shit up lol .
i preferred the activated pete evans rather than this new dangerous baby diet pete evans mkr .
but rich is a light skin coon so its expected .
them other bitches aint got nothing on me i can tell by how your still fucking with meeeee .
what is the general feeling of the that you know in regards to the term redskins offensive to them or not .
timoflegend i knew it .
idc i still watch two amp a half men well the old one with charlie .
how can a woman take u serious when youre a hoe i mean how can a nigga take you serious when youre a hoe lol like .
fuck around and get your took in that bitch with all that crying nigga .
playoff hockey sucks dude have a youre retarded when youre hungry .
when a bitch got you fucked up but you your life to the lord so you gotta stand there like you aint mad .
thats ya bm tho tyga that aint my hoe .
budahefner74 i like blowing loud wit bad bitches 128111 .
if i hold the door open for you bitch you betta say thank you or imma slam the door in ya back .
i think someone just pressed the wrong button mkr .
how pussy feels 128514128076 .
really just go read all of s feed today she says all the things .
pgammo in the yankees draft room they had a huge picture of greg with the message this is the makeup were looking for .
the contestants on mkr should cook with as much dairy amp as possible just to piss off cook pete evans paleo mkr2015 .
people will find a way to interpret anything to match their message unfortunately .
whats it like being a cold hearted cunt .
how yall hoes do instagram rates .
dey put us on cus dey bitches cars fa dat dope .
bitch u know what i mean spell champ these nuts .
whole time your bitch on the phone moaning in me and my bitch ear though .
haha tanaka went yankee so sorry .
lilmenifee bitch you tweaking hoe tweaking hoe 128129 .
a by talking to the women he was trying to with his mediocre guitar skills i have never felt more joy .
yuh bitch de at ok was the best mf friday yet .
seansteiger31 you still needs to give it to me bitch im on youtube and with it ya cock .
i guess none of deez rappin ass niggas wanna throw dem bitches wit da big homie gucci1017 .
what if my skin is so white it and ive got blue hair ladylike .
whats the difference between a main amp a side bitch shit yall both getting feed lies amp dick .
meet amazing monkey king 8594 .
nomeekjustmilz swear to god log on later im posting the score on every social network you bitch ass nigga .
mkr annie reminds me of from little house on the lol .
lennyfinnegan2 im not sexist but .
u wondering why im not answering im wondering where my money at niggas act like bitches these days .
if i see 1 more chief diversity officer talking about 1st amendment rights while not protecting victims of harassment i might get angry .
this hoe got 10 seconds to get the hell up outta my face before i set that weave on fire .
rapperssaid when tyler the creator said rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome .
freedominguez wow by stones an artist finds peace watch .
stop calling for the head of whoever made that googlecloud tweet earlier it was that is not a reasonable response .
so many hoes thats .
cute but i love her yellow the most the with hair looks so cute p i love her face in your .
its a million bad bitches in this world and you on stupid .
im a faggot i agree .
happy to help .
your my bffl i love you ya bitch 128514 i went finna be faded amp on ya c day .
are we bitches .
alabama won tho so roll tide bitch .
brownbagpantry i get your really i do i deal with the same stuff every day on my own account .
jake gettin all da bitches rn .
imma shoot that bitch .
i am so nice but im such a bitch hard 2 explain .
chickowits i call out people like because she is causing problems by flooding joinoapi its .
the japanese is an animal sexistfacts .
fabbymichelle cause i didnt wanna see your bitch ass .
i turn bitches gay they think all the other bitches can fuck like me .
hes considered a misogynist by them .
the gonna serve up raw eggs mkr .
kobe is fat amp im white jwill252 some people just retarded lol yall really think kobe fat tho give me a break .
0xjared zython86 mmmyers chriswarcraft for context these are the same people that started going through my facebook friends .
i hate takin out the trash i always be expecting a big ass dog to be in the or like a to jump out the dumpster .
hes the best ive ever met he could sell ice to an fuckthanksgiving .
email .
apply to thunder valley bitch .
i do like ash and camilla the have screen presence mkr .
not every female is a some of yall hoes are just of .
nigga you done bumped yo head fire but kobe 9 elite are trash .
theres dudes on twitter who have no respect for their mirror selfie nude eating avis .
youre a hoe stop focusing on sucking dick focus on getting rich .
all my hoes nigga thats all i knows nigga .
chriswarcraft srhbutts what did he do this time i am still waiting for him to sue me .
once bitches get the d .
told yo bitch get on her knees i dont want no .
bitches be like new avi gtgt and im just like bitch your new avi is ugly your old avi was ugly bitch you ugly .
i got hoes in different area codes .
amaninblack you are helpful valuable and appreciated your voice helps we all appreciate you you should know this .
i cant see your freakin emojis im a basic bitch today .
i love new ones cause i save them and then them bitches lmfao .
peace to all the hoes i put my in and didnt cook breakfast for .
side hoe hey this is my .
oomf a hoe she know she a hoe i know she a hoe she wont claim she a hoe so she say she aint a hoe all know you a hoe hoe .
my type a bitch yass .
any man even considering plastic surgery is gay gay gay imagine ya boy say id get more hoes then u after i get these new lips 128514128514128514 .
fritters i see mkr .
phone idea isnt perfect its easy enough to grab a phone from gv but its an extra step good for majority of abuse .
eat dat chicken out your love box baby lovin a white woman while eatin chicken a colored mans dream .
superman dat hoe no watch me .
these bitches even worst theyll send them guys for you .
mkr its looking like lynn and tony will be safe .
it sucks sister is such a bitch n is so stand elissa so .
the editing on mkr is genius katandandre fools .
snoleezey801 i dont ever expose females like that thats childish bitch nigga .
none of this dish makes sense its and pieces of crap put together to make on big bowl of shit mkr .
finally back behind the sticks visit me bitches nyc .
annie exhausted from mkr .
o3millz xdsmooth idk who gave that bitch my name .
my bitch remy stuck in 128557 .
calmicc brentonpoke ca is still attached to the us sometimes i do weird things on twitter this is one of those times .
my boy got the hoes now .
psh if a sexy bitch gotta sexy voice she can easily get shit goin .
dont be mad at me for telling facts be embarrassed at urself for acting like a bitch .
egypt r the muzzie bros still running things only a better certainly no of dem though .
that bastard obama is giving them to the fing .
makeup be saving alot of these bitches from being single .
all the coons use the same effect on their pictures .
i cant wait to watch the saints put their weiner right in the cowboys butts dallas is trash .
mean girls are just honest bitches truth jacklynannn .
perarl bitch all these thick bitches with they ass out on tv do what you want .
taylorcaniff im having a date at yankee field then getting kiss cam .
chances make champions nicca aint nothing stopping you .
got 1 baby mama no bitch no wife .
i cant talk right now i got pussy on my .
dont let your side bitch settle in i might have to you .
wadhwa started contacting journalists that follow me on twitter to tell them how disappointed he is in them stopwadhwa2015 .
out i hopes you aint be hangin wit dis wigger boy .
kinghorsedick bitch you know the lingo hoe lol .
omg double elimination mkr .
that bitch amanda ran away from me 128514 .
being treated to version of late night toast lucky mkr .
renaissancejay nigga stop hatin bitches be feelin b n two if u think dem bitch made niggas got yo back u smokin big worm shit .
tigers are fuckin garbage jesus a dick youre just as trash as that sorry ass .
in case anyone was confused by the difference between sexism and .
my niggas bigger then the roll up in the bitch still smell like an ounce .
i wish alot more females would tweet about sucking dick im tired of me and twitter niggas tweeting about eating pussy we need balance .
my phone is finally back on bitches no more .
thatangrynigga he probably took off a point because isnt from the east coast and says hoes .
i have no idea why this isnt already a thing its not like there arent console playing .
holy crap i just realized my entire apartment is femfreq her logo colors my life .
not a bitch thats for sure .
when its hot i wear whatever lol shit if could come out this bitch in i would .
you know a bitch is crazy when she smiles and shes upset .
joebudden these hoes gon find a way to wear some i .
its also a bird a city and a math i make no assumptions .
you always buy me colored goldfish when my stash is low and you are a constant inspiration to me and8230 .
thejadednyer yesterday twitter was telling them same dudes that 30 pussy was the best so have faith .
would make cool pets if they werent such cunts .
ggautoblocker got a mention in via .
wyattnuckels shut up niglet .
show last night was badass thanks to everyone who came out if you didnt come out youre a retard unless you were at cock .
block block .
wyattnuckels hear that you dumb bitch he said no one likes you .
i gave up chilling in weed 15 ft walk to the door of this has me completely .
whats funny is that i was drunk when i wrote it and i wrote it for myself not as something i planned on sharing .
i act like ion kno dat bitch .
cptmashek uh every dev makes mistakes .
causewereguys no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie .
but i know people with 15 in their and theyre great at im jealous but also so so lazy and broke .
stress stress go away come again never you fucking bitch .
thanksgiving with some fam ignore the chink eyes .
i shouldve thrown a whole roll of and made her month that bitch .
it definitely is deconstructed not a fan of lemon desserts theyre always the last of i have left mkr .
chriswarcraft how the fuck do you pronounce your last name i am assuming it is warcraft .
jameskirby fuck you bitch .
bitch said i lie too much bitch you aint worth telling the truth .
no shes gonna sit tf down amp text her hoes shes not gonna care about what youre doing .
i live in the fast lane bitch .
cant believe you bitches find this appealing .
thank you .
wtf is boy pussy lmao you atl nigga sick .
karma is a bitch damn tea .
if youu let yo bitch leave with another niggah and dont say shit thats on youu .
yopapichulo huntermoore that bitch needs a .
i want my poms back lmfao .
cant stand ghetto ratchet ass mofos .
yall bitches is fake as shit .
dont talk to me about privilege as a kid i lived well below the poverty line no matter where i am i wont forget .
officiallyice lmaoooo officiallyice fam i stabbed a person once in cod ghost and he said i like a nigger .
kiefferjason sbsylvester hunterbuch66 bitch keep talking .
lee is one of those people he bitches about thats causing .
why you let these hoes tear what we had right apart .
glad im getting outta atlanta nothing but a bunch of niggas in amp outta jail amp dumb bitches with mad kids fuckin em .
these niggas in gangs jus be tryna fit in or jus be tryna get somebody to ride fa em or wit most of u niggas bitches .
you to mkr for being able to stretch out a a month onto the show and we still dont have final teams .
find one where be beat head into the ice too ol andrew is straight trash as far as hockey .
ran outside mullet nips shown a cold one and yelled saturday welcome back you sexy beast .
the white girls u should holla at but nooooo brothas go for the ugliest bad built hoes ever .
tl blew up hoes on waka dick he aint yall .
bittytang not sure i think most women have self hate women are bitches becomes their campaign and men follow .
dey selling liquor drinks in dis bitch too 128514128514 .
peerworker freebsdgirl why is there a double standard with terrorists from isis being prosecuted quickly while harassers of .
right in the pussy .
8220100046729 nobody cares about kirk care bout my cousin hoe8221 .
discordiankitty i never use caps lock i always hold down shift  .
kaitlynburnell the use of the word bully in this context is and relevant to any conversation i have .
runnin so much game i fuck around amp lap a bitch .
jwyoder i got spells for that .
when you accidentally open your front camera .
also which autocorrect changed so im putting my phone in the trash and going to sleep .
kimkardashian kanyewest mr and mrs trash .
were going to make the school look so redneck tomorrow .
nosey ass hoes i hate em always finding shit but cant find a man to date em 1285309995 .
tryin 2 pull a k ass son of a bitch .
headed over to girldevweek in a few hours to keynote about the state of online harassment .
maury 70 years old still exposing hoes .
chops tweets2sweet does bird call hands .
oh that was a typo guys for dessert you get youll need it after the spatchcock mkr .
i think im a bitch tonight .
good luck i did that last semester youll make it through .
gamergate is advocating that baph stalk my son .
drtruth247 yall bare hoes yall dnt care bout 8221 i spent my childhood in a wild hood .
i i see some hoes in .
i want to take the time tonight to acknowledge all of the ex hoes .
get this bitch off my tv bruh .
jessica ass dont need no more when the bitch drinks she everything the very next day it never fa8230 .
all yall dudes that just favorite this is a faggot smh .
128563 128557128557128557 these hoes selfish .
beardyblue emilyesque amp possibly being able to provide for people that want someone to help them reporting to pd .
i wrote about how new stretch marks turned me into a massive hypocrite when it comes to sex http .
i know i talk a lot of shit but bitch best believe i can back that shit up .
kicking niccas tf mentions like .
huntermoore why do you call most guys that talk shit to you fags then you should use another word hypocrite .
do this hoe wanna fight right .
poor sheri and emilie i want to help them mkr .
so ike just had to punch a nigga for harassing a young lady on ga and florida in dc .
high then a hoe watching wolf of wall street .
if you love somebody you cant cheat have hoes do certain shit cause them type shit .
u look like a dyke in ur pic lol .
u gotta be retarded to skip class in college .
freebsdgirl worse happened in may they realized it in september and reported it just now .
anyone eliminated yet mkr .
iamtroyal5 teflondon4200 bossmancarl big bro thought he was on house pajama jam like a bitch .
pepperredbone yankees just getting in i hope so cause they it up last night .
cant keep a bitch but its cool cause money still around .
stupid fucking cunt .
fuck you bitch i have to fucking piss i take 30 seconds you take 5 fucking minutes .
coleycee lilaerii girl you know i was spitting that g shit to you amp you was going plz .
cant wait for this weekend with my bad bitches 128527 .
if youre attractive amp you think any straight guy just wants to be your you stupid .
so proud of she still a hoe tho .
you could fuck my bitch lemme fuck yo bitch 128514128514128514128514 128175 .
just be a hoe then .
i feel like this is necessary today .
the jigg is up .
bringing a care to a friend in the hospital as one does .
lmao you a bitch and rihanna always gonna be badder than chrisbrown .
with these hoes 128149 .
good like a .
mykitchenrules nawwww mkr .
fuck you bitch .
still dont give a fuck bout a bitch or her dude .
ohvixen bitches be crazy .
bitches at in justice tank tops tho .
taking my dad to the nhl awards at the sports bar while both my dad and i bitch about this la .
elissa is such a fake cunt .
why the fuck is this bitch calling me for .
amp the rest of these pussies better enjoy this back injury 2015 will be nothing but and8230 .
ona niggas ill really beat dat hoe up .
oh i see youre another useless gg supporter lol go away .
mkr what price a bit of dignity .
his job as us prez to protect us is throw in er at our cost daniel both money amp lives dog .
fuck you bitch shrimp shorty midget jk .
versacetweetgod jenny was a hoe til she got aids until she was ready to settle down with forrest gump who tried saving her so many .
oh im mostly entertained if it gets to be excessive ill just code a way around it .
officiallyice i fucked your bitch cause she gave me a boner she went down twice like .
if youre playing flappy bird national suicide prevention to save r8230 .
kayliefarmer bbluedreamm no but if you dare ill slay your ass you tranny .
1inkkofrosess makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major nomore 128514128514 .
start punching hoes in they and shit .
deep dish vocal mix yellow asian flu n ill egg god .
model bitches in the gym working on they fitness but it dont mean nothing cuz they still gon buy some titties .
hbcufessions mannn these hoes for everybody other words dont love these hoes especially at famu .
i hate when strippers tell you theyre hoe ballet dont pop their pussy to you a stripper .
australia wins at having the most attractive chefs mkr .
go dumb bitch do your dumb dance .
basicmountain all of them .
ohtobs sometimes i dont know what colin is saying mkr .
that dude from chicago w the fuzzy mustache and bangs johnny love hes whack .
i aint entertaining nomore dumb bitches .
a bitch .
how all of the qbs we had before this season were trash they brought in a so they could have someone to play .
ash and camilla we like to pretend we work for ralph lauren mkr2015 mkr .
bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks .
wheres manu did i miss something at the beginning of the show mkr .
bonus was one of the first women to marry a woman in the uk .
for everyone else of course .
do it do it youll still e a fag but do it 8212 ill pass .
ever leave me around your bitch get her stoned .
gidgitvonlarue mkr what the potato rosti done in the sandwich maker was a disaster well blow me down with a feather .
is that the remix breezyfrmdablok these hoes aint lawyers lmao my fave chris brown song .
how gross that the blondes kissed the table everywhere hygiene anyone mkr mkr2015 .
he had mad bitches 128514128514128514128514 .
lol my brother a fag mann .
next update would be if two were added 1 shirt off well take the yellow and 2 the rko .
stupid bitch at didnt give me my fucking bbq sauce so now i gotta eat some dry ass chicken strips .
never gas hoes but i do take they ass home .
pussy .
stop saying sass mkr .
yesterday i saw a red hair do with of orange and yellow in it up like woody wood and .
look what i have .
if only everyone knew the real bitch i know .
id send that deconstructed shit back mkr .
my pussy tastes like pepsi cola .
i think i got da bird flu .
but id rather be a free man in my living as a puppet or a above those shit options be free alive and rich .
got a bitch so bad you cant afford to fuck .
fuck is an bitch .
stephenatwar hah we have to secure funding first .
menshumor monday whats up you ugly bitch .
this in the mall gone ask wats under that this bitch said her momma lmfaoooo .
we dont love these hoes .
really really another round mkr those butcher promo girls better be nice to sheri and yes or else .
if i can eat some random bitches ass i can eat ass .
happy birthday you dirty little bird 128520 tear it up .
chest tattoos on females are trash .
this lil bitch had the nerve to call my phone talking crazy bout how she get down nd .
cxarli it was private messages .
dpalomino52 theonemissluu you my niggah though daniel lol .
i love you hoe .
come on down were cooking ears crabfest15 mkr .
uplay launcher repeatedly .
its 3am and your man is with his other bitch a computer and you really cannot fucking compete .
im starting to act hollywood round this bitch .
barackobama biden was a winner last night yea right like charlie sheen really was a a winner too winning lol .
nobody cares you fucking fag damn you bring bitches water even though youre thirsty as fuck 128514128514128514 .
a real nigga aint complete without a real bitch .
hbcufessions us dykes get more play than most niggas famu .
scoring colin it wasnt a sorbet dish it was lemon tart mkr .
can we revisit idea of two teams of yankees playing against each other i would like to see a game every now amp then .
you tell me i wana fat bitch that smell like 128525128553 .
bunch of pussies .
lrt has been stuck in my head since that piece has been floating around would definitely like that convo to be louder .
you should see his guilty look .
worldstarfunny rts amp ill grab the mic amp yell fuck her right in the pussy .
getting called ugly by a bitch that use to you 128064 well okay 128514 .
hidalgoparadise d41395 nigguh had chipotle waiting for him at his house lucky lol .
watch the blacks and whiggers .
let a bitch try me try me ima swing her to the whole mf family .
hugs .
oskzilla you wish niggah .
from market i got a bunch of with different .
im serious bruh shes too pretty i would eat both her pussy amp butt 128557 .
amp monkey around on set of video httptco8230 .
im in south bay and available after 3 pm if any other would like to meet up .
grummz spacekatgal thequinnspiracy whispers .
lmao trifling ass bitch .
there is a special time and place for coffee never and in the trash my familys motto about their habits .
yall say why you dating lil girls like mature hoes just on a rampage outside .
you got niggas amp i got bitches 128080 .
said that his bitch bad well mine looks better in any weather lol .
im jus tryn figure out when all dem niccas was together like dat .
why .
thank you colin and pete karma and andre hungrycampers mkr .
gang gang .
whatevaittakes haha imma catch ebola trynna keep myself warm ewww bitch well stay far away from me .
i need a bitch 128533 .
i got a gang of old ass drafts all trash .
ikesizzle ike finna have the bitter bitches and he dont care lmao not at all .
returns in once the all the couples and are eliminated mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
pocky 4ever .
if you aint bout that murder game pussy nigga shut up .
youve got to follow .
hey you bitch in the stop riding my ass you have no power in your just stop already .
fuck kat and andre what bloody cheats unaustralian mkr .
where are all those whiny bitches when kris left how come aint gettin shit .
lesson 12 dont pass out at before 12 like a lil bitch .
it could be but the of the situation is not lost on me .
feeling the fall wind around me and watching the colorful leaves fall like rainbow colored .
jasongio he was already given my email a while ago by someone else .
sweet treat at lunch today raspberry sorbet amp brownie thursday cant wait .
he so trash got carried lol .
well getting a yellow lab so i know where ill be whenever im home .
bitch caught a body about a week ago fuck with us and we get to tweekin hoe run up on that niggah get to .
your retarded .
drop that bitch on the bomb .
i didnt make to any games last season just looked it up astros open up with the yankees 1st of april .
freetopher that black pussy have nigga sayin anything .
bitch never do we care edges still laid 128514 .
all my hoes stay mad at me i keep em hot guess they got a fever .
my clothes are always retro sexual like im and i play a bitch like nintendo her for a ride in my .
bardofpeace i think i need to get back to sleep now but thanks for having this talk with me .
that one drunk white bitch that always problems at least dude then afterwards when someone gets hurt .
best twitter beef all time was when called out hoe ass for cheating on her college bf with some .
iamadamg bitches will be bitches .
this is j cole you fucking queer .
i had to hug the block you bitches just wave at it .
i thought she was albino tho 128563 .
i hardly text back so these hoes love to phone me .
128557128557 kinghov1313 niggaz get free pussy off of bounce beats .
smoke good weed with a bad bitch .
sschinke tehmaxh as a guess anyways .
tat my fucking name on you let em know you love the boy wassup i wonder how many bitches made a mistake that year .
jazzriley cant put my trust in no bitch .
50 2nd yellow card issued for temple .
forgot how annoying annie is this is what happens when the series goes for ten years mkr .
my daddy told me not to date a man with soft hands lol either he doesnt do hard labor or hes a faggot .
lisamromano im as sassy as a sausage in a butchers shop mkr .
he thinks the entire world should be .
randiebooks require a code sent to a unique cell phone in order a thing off amazon to open for him .
next surprise will be there is a second secret round taking place on mars by the guys that are applying to go die on mars mkr .
collegefession guy tells me he doesnt eat pussy and all of the sudden i dont suck dick anymore washington university .
a yankee win makes any day better .
cant wait until i get more data on this but it looks like spacekatgal should probably avoid her mentions at sundays .
hey its hillbilly jim and greg the valentine .
u think them nigs u with is with u .
nigga damn dej loaf got all these bitches getting .
manu is apparently showing signs of stress from working with a flesh coloured mkr .
hell yeah that bitch gon go ham .
hey baph ive said many times that i hate chocolate and bread plz do better i like tho .
i just seen a hit bitch call a hit bitch ugly that shit be funny ctfu .
spacekatgal glennf i think during gdc we should have a social justice league at my apt .
today was just joints on joints on joints of some reserve wit my niggah blakkhoodie562 .
zitlalyl its okay 128514 im not in the ghetto anymore 128524 .
mmmm is there more to easter than chocolate read my foodie blog mkr mmmm .
if i was a bird you would be the 1st person shit on .
no wealth doesnt from being called nigger but still does improve quality of life .
if she has you know my name not my story in her bio you know she a hoe .
much self aware wow this made me crack up notsexist .
i broke baby outta his thug stage n turned him into a pussy 128514 it was hard but i did it now he show more feelings than a lit bit .
you a hoe if you leaving a mans house right now with a costume on .
keep it g i never fucked a bitch 128514 .
they no kaep aint rape no bitch .
hang on think ive figured out what the next twist is this episode is just a joke yeah theyre havin a laff surely mkr .
why yall aint tell me young thug nails look better then mine lol faggot .
the mother in miracle on street is very and naturally shes as absolutely no fun ever .
my eyes finna be on fleek bitch 128514128514128514128514 .
my dog like at the floor before he down hes normal your weird bitch .
some black people live in an entirely different world where everything is peaches and cream apparently take off the rose colored glasses .
peat ive got reason to believe that im not anywhere near hitting that cap my numbers can be verified from other sources .
i would vote a 1010 to make sure kat and andre go home you know strategic voting mkr .
here she go being a hoe .
mykitchenrules colins jokes are making this episode even better mkr mkr2015 .
katie and nikki pissed me off at the start but kat and andre are the worst team on mkr mkr .
souljaboy aint got time for stupid bitches 128557 .
yall mfs better believe in karma that bitch oh so real .
since derek games vs redsox are 4th most among yankees behind 99 an8230 .
shervyn i think the biggest challenge going forward in the near future is going to be funding .
me to me bitch because i dont know how to use coffee maker struggles .
hoe b4 .
she say she want a nigga like that bitch mad cause she cant be my wifey .
bitch jr .
hgshit on my mama yous a hoe omm yous a bitch omm if you get in a jam i bet you snitch omm 128514 .
plot twist both teams get eliminated mkr .
speaking of which i was able to my servers with that script p hehe .
kazatta why is he stressin himself this nig can be livin before he went to prison .
people calling and complaining to because of our purge pussies .
hbcufessions track girls have the best pussy .
yup im aware .
ive met few people in politics that i disrespect more than charlie crist .
note the removes from launcher and it to a trash bin before .
why waste your time being out by them there are many fun hobbies that you could master .
realityforger battleaxe2015 crashoverridenw shot her an email .
going for a bitch nigga neck cause nigga am rollin .
this is fckd fck you kat and andre mkr .
yay jac and shaz and robert and lynzey my mkr .
yo homegirl fat and got a mustache no need to yass bitch 128525128525 that .
if your girlfriend is taller than you its her responsibility to take the trash out amp fight off anyone that breaks into you8230 .
harrystyles it was all yellow .
stop being bitchy bitch .
had the baddest hoes shid hoes looking like they was in college had .
shes from florida so youve got to do the sniff test in those pussies .
come on charlie our government was just trying to protect the desert tortoise atleast thats what barack obama says .
lmao a hoes favorite season is cuffing season u aint know imyungjay summer hoes turning into winter wifeys 128528 .
yass bitch yass .
they faggots jonniesantana orioles petty as up outta this bitch .
freak hoes got several .
where are the food police colin needs to call mkr httptcokeu7op5cit .
denniscearl p oapi coverage in wsj more good mention here httptcoumdk2gubtg .
sup pussy .
lol thats basically like the you got too many hoes curve .
joan rivers said i was gay and michelle was a tranny perhaps her death was no accident see and ron .
pussy ass nigguh name jesus and his daddy .
sex should be a reward in a relationship nigga has never done anything for you whatsoever yet you still give him the .
this show is rigged mkr .
gotta watch these hoes 128064 .
man arrested after 40 opened nip bottles of vodka found in car .
mikediggem only ugly girls can fight pretty bitches have no hands lol .
12 what did the last pussy you had taste like .
okay seriously how many instant restaurant rounds are we doing this year this is ridic mkr .
spacekatgal it was to get the userbase and we all know how fbook loves to do social with data .
ur one to talk bitch .
i was getting to the business while you was chasing the bitches .
another woman aint gon keep me coming girl these hoes aint got nothing on ya .
you the real thats wat ya bitch said when i finished 128514 .
dizzybala hey now dont diss my basketball hoe .
my cousin said he share hoes with his brothers he said sharing is caring and he love his brothers 128514 .
literally was in the best mood and bitches literally killed my vibe .
amberrrnicollle youre such a fake bitch hahaha .
dylanw you may claim otherwise but i really dont think he and i are on the same side at all .
only broke bitches steal money .
toot toot the karma train stopping at kats station mkr .
i love how hoes be like omg warped tour .
bruh theofficialeg10 soo trash .
lookin at u hoes .
i hope kat and andres kitchen burns down unaustralian their tactics they cant be happy with that flogs mkr .
halletecco feminists dont need to be female do not stopwadhwa2015 instead lets encourage more men to speak up wadhwa jason .
olivialuu3 calm down you little asian lol just go flip a bitch .
thequinnspiracy at least my irl partner is like than the guy my weird svu feminist is seeing .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh lmaooo i wanted them hoes she was suppose to hold em .
thequinnspiracy it was great to meet you thank you for the kind words .
whats this shit if your posting a pic its not a yourself stupid ass bitches .
where are the birds at wasnt it where birds were all over .
whatever no matter how many times kids fuck me over i will never become i pussy i promise you that .
thedouch3 why would u let ur girl even go to a party without u thats retarded lol u must want to get cheated on .
recent studies have shown that ur a lil bitch .
my wsj article on murder is now online was very hard to write culture of fear and death http .
iamyaokhari tyga that aint my is the same man that wants to be .
people are so .
the yankees are playing the tigers tonight in other words i am not friends with .
dont worry about the bitches i use to fuck wit .
caelang15 22edham caelang15 that nigga was eating that hoe lol hell yea lol john paul nigga said john paul .
as a girlfriend im never getting close to my boyfriend friends cause they can be telling me one thing and telling these hoes another .
if you a bad bitch put ya hands up high .
leave it up to me it wouldve been in the trash all of it .
my bitch from magic city she shaking ass amp titties .
but a wannabe ghetto white girl will deal with an black man for more than sex .
this bitch at work gone make me slap her head off her fuckin neck .
thats not catfish up my tl its sore pussy my bad .
i dont hit women but id slap tf out a bitch no close business though thats some shit .
serve raw spatchcock mkr mkr2015 .
moerasgrizzly it has ties to other projects need to publish them all at once .
mine plays dmx and kirk franklin smh well my neighbors are ghetto they get up at like 5am and beat their kids .
omg bruh said this bitch look like a female lmao .
i wonder what says about this .
the birds and the bugs by r via etsy vintage jewelry birds .
obama says but not feel after losing senate video .
bitch do i entertain you cause you always seem to be in my business .
i ain8217t tryna see nigger legs in a bikini .
wins the wow i dont even know what that was supposed to be award of the day .
yes im a hairy white man with redneck tendencies who absolutely loves franklin fuck you hater .
shut up faggot no one cares .
today has been a bitch i hit myself in the face with a branch i lost like 5 pounds of water weight and im sunburnt thank you .
stevestfler this bitch doesnt know what she wants .
women speak out about harassment at gdc 2015 metafilter .
i love will mkr .
fvck friends amp fvck hoes .
im bout to get this bitch a cell mate .
give me head an kiss yah nigga u a ill bitch .
that broad 7 days moe what earth is this nigga rihanna prolly the bitch on earth .
if someone you too hard today they may be surprised ho more for .
i hate a always wanna smoke but aint got no money as niggabitch like bye .
unoriginaljohn queerdalek they restart daily to pull in new tweets .
ikesizzle if you hatin you just need some pussy .
get two birds stoned at one time .
xdsmooth this niggah said her lips dry ass hell lmao 128514128514128514128514 .
on sight bitch i bet not see you in the streets trash ass nigga .
my nig said he dont see the between and monster ball my face 128551 .
my little brother and i hate to admit it but dirkalisic and he knows why but hes still a lil bitch though fuck you .
yankees goes again he leads off the game with a hr for the second straight night and its 10 yankees .
theyre doing it again wtf mkr .
i mean i guess i start using this again since faggot facebook blocked me for saying mean things to lady gaga .
all i want to do is play might amp magic heroes iv what is this shit .
i guess no one this entire comment thread .
leaving hoes w .
so gmshivers claims that only people new to the industry claim sexism exists yawn im a 15 year engineer try again .
what these bitches want from a nicca 128553128553 .
aiiane i cant wait its going to be awesome great meeting with you .
got ya chinks and riders but no niggas mlk aint fight for nothing .
pull the trigger bitch .
once again birds of a feather .
had brisket on the grill when his side hoe laid the game down .
lmao did u really just call me a hoe lol yeah you hoe .
is there an tonight if theres any justice in the world it will be kat and andre who get booted mkr .
airam12 i was like this bitch better chill oh hey .
harlem world trash interesting .
love all these people having a go at kat like she is the only one ever to vote strategically in mkr history happens every year .
a lotta niccas all talk i jus let em do it .
youre a bitch .
urkindofbrand vote or die bitches .
basic niggah in his basic clothing .
sam1985 if were lucky mkr .
reathie 1inkkofrosess any bitch that has ever had a problem with me aint checked shit but my twitter .
1stblocjeremiah bitch .
i fuck bitches better watch yah hoe .
tbh i left all my hoes alone 128080 .
okay here if is sooooo how come you bitches dont call obama by bo thats what i thought .
ohh he wants to be his toe so he can bang it on the coffee table what a twat lol .
these hoes aint loyal .
lmaoooo no shade taken its for ho and like .
mkr oh lol jac amp shaz forgot about them .
why would you wanna be the green hes evil duh bitch .
jackie peyton you are a fucking bitch omg i love you though damn thats the best shit you pulled .
i hate bitches with bad eyebrows .
any pussy i had i can get again .
niggas put on wigs and act like bitches for retweets shit fu .
awwwww p .
oapi is already working with several tech companies to develop amp engineer solutions for social problems we are tech for the user .
didnt get to hit the slopes today but lessons first thing in the morning excited .
bitches know they bitches bitch .
big so to nicca lol .
good pussy will make a nigga cum quick shit be over faster than a vine video .
coleycee bitch do i look white to u .
just hold on we goin to the crib bitch .
when lil wayne said why give a bitch your heart when shed rather have a purse .
a there goes the activist judges slant oh wait its already been exposed as completely a .
when you gonna take me out drtruth247 some hoes not gonna let you come over until you spend money on .
jhamby i love popehat .
yeah these bitches aint shit tho .
goldnsilvercoin the worst terrorists are republican teabaggers .
collegefession i rub orange on my dick before i go out cuz i dont want these bitches to catch a cold .
jawshoeeahhh fabianmleal fuck you bitch lol .
mkr kat and andre get to stay seriously this is so unfair so not impressed with the strategic scoring karma will be a .
leg day made me its bitch .
colonelkickhead can someone smash that bottle of rose amp lime over draskos head please mkr .
damn they act like his toughen up bitch lol .
if thats what yall hoes want then fuck it .
fredosantana300 might see a bitch an forget i hit it .
weather is seriously fucken retarded how is it gonna be 40 something today and almost 80 saturday .
elisepalmer sounds like to me they used to do this all the time where i lived .
i told that little bitch ass nigga do it look like im about to eat your gun charge ill slap you and your hoe ass lawyer .
watch excited isis jihadis getting their yezidi sex slaves on distribution day httptcon9exnuvhks isis tcot pjnet lnyhbt gop .
i was a made nicca when i was a young nicca .
theres some very hate able teams this year mkr .
lmaooo i find this shit so funny yall hoes aint content with working it out with one nigga boring .
ily ur a bad bitch .
causewereguys when bitches talk about their boyfriend 247 .
giants vs birds sunday think ima make some wings 128522 .
iiak yea ima spin on yo hoe at about 15 after 12 .
bitches tweets be wanna suck some dick 127814 then be chill its just a song bitch what song .
turbocunt oh maybe you would know hey have you heard of anyone doing magnetic in in bay area .
looks like we are in for an emotional going to be great mkr .
oomf got the hoes .
i swear i worry about me and but me i keep no other bitch on my im not gay .
congratulations your just like every other stuck up american bitch 128079 .
my goal one day is to own a nice and wear that hoe everyday .
you can expect me to be a total bitch towards you now yet again .
my bitches get them christians nigga .
lost a couple online matches in bitch hit me with her car dad ate my pizza just one of those days .
i never played a bitch but bitches most definitely played they self .
im smoking good n my bitch conceited jayreidofficial .
yo espn u let that peckerwood skip get away with anything fuck u espn .
i have no hoes man i dont need those though 128564 .
spacekatgal im foss at heart i think the tools should be open for all to use however for monitoring services things that require .
you can fuck my bitch then she aint my .
hoodbibie and on the 7th day god said these hoes are for everybody .
baby i can make that pussy often .
your bitch wants to go to little with me tonight told her no fuck a thot .
theonlyreed if u looked good in highschool and wack now i know that pussy been thru some shit .
bardofpeace but those tweets worry me i dont want people thinking that and im not sure how to fix it .
bitch 128530 .
ever stay home from school and look at the clock and say yeah those bitches in math right now .
where the girls at say happy birthday to me i need bitches on bitches like i got stacks on stacks .
hes behind the plate for the game tonight here in az im looking to buy a shirt i can tear off there .
foodpornsx oreo .
but i cant buy tomorrow thats why i go hard hoe .
little bitch .
that bitch cut me .
spacekatgal i hate ur guts y do u hate video games so much .
u dont like me but ya bitch do .
128514128514128514 nah if you round me you do molly 8220callneeshcakey only bitches with no nigga do .
its time kitchen hq starts now wa hungrycampers mkr .
aye a nicca is tired tho .
i would describe work as blaxican .
ortizjaylene then im a loud bitch lol .
i do not fuck with that bitch she cannot keep her legs closed .
bitch nigga miss me with it .
i got a bitch set it off like jada latifah you riding round with your bitch you .
im pregnant ass bitches matter fact ima slip down the steps ass bitches .
thequinnspiracy babies .
quick piece of pussy call it a drive by .
im coolin you know me same ole shit different day my nig .
im sorry but you didnt have to be a bitch last night .
d41395 wake up like fuck my life lifes a bitch but she better fuck me right .
facts can be a bitch sometimes .
stop giving a nigga pussy he stop actin like he no true totally .
can i sit on your face 8212 sit on a hot bitch .
this hoe got a gf but complain about life like is she hitting you right .
all these faggot fell asleep on me .
im hard to kill im cake up with ma finest bitch take off her makeup and she still look like a .
i have a photo shoot thing tomorrow i guess i need to clean my apartment and dye my hair and get this dumb code done ughh ughhhh .
sorbet success mkr .
teapot great gif got a source url for gifs .
sorry sam i went to is wes woody son if so why is that baby doing a pack game .
causewereguys life is a bitch and harsh enough guys need a girl that will make them feel better and help some of the stress 8230 .
atonal440 sigh why are so many people bad at understanding what dos is .
desertfox899 freebsdgirl baphomet sent me and my family death threats over tweeting about needing laws to stop baphomet from doing .
not once we get it shut down .
he bring the hoes out on twitter nigga got magical powers who is djzeeti .
i need pref up to 60 lbs on each suggestions to find these in the bay area cheap .
its a sad sad day when a bitch loses her sponsor .
im prolly wit yo bitch big butt cant fit up in the 6 .
i holidays sauce mkr .
jameis winston got for standing on a table and saying fuck her right in her irony is so deep you can use a shovel .
glassresistor thereaibanksy freebsdgirl first its triggering second its an of partner violence third its tacky .
amaninblack im not mentioning names for a few different reasons .
i was lucky to be and ive never had a fag or a drug im pleased about that yes i have a beer but thats all .
of the worlds birds amp fish between amp 2010 httptco8230 .
if them niggas pussy we douche em we clean em out .
trash aint it .
anything said bout my moms b would of led to a bitch getting stone cold .
dylanw calling me out in that manner was without any reference of why it was totally useless and good job .
just posted myself in a on twitter dont fucking care im wonder woman .
slagkick for now still learning how to play for bgs seems to work well .
128514128514128514128514 i aint shit damn skippy lol .
tweetsnochill if she ever been on a club flyer she a hoe .
i have better things to do like drive my yellow fucking .
bretvondehl damn you bitch you never answer me anymore lmao jk ily anyway glad of your first show be safe when going to the next one .
ilovebamf savage530 nick when the men are talking sit your bitch as in the corner and listen to this grown fo8230 .
yall niggas aint low tho yall really be comin at these bitches on here then when they curve u u act like u was .
move dat muscle hoe 128548 tell me watchu mad .
i dont believe in karma but i do like watching it in action mkr .
how do you bloke someone on insta dumb bitch me .
feelings are a bitch to fucking control .
my music taste goes from ghetto black girl to depressed white girl .
this niggah is a fool .
follow me u sexy bitch .
got these bad bitches waiting on me .
mkr people watch this shit fuck me dead .
im kfc to the pussy maxonmaxoff5 .
watch excited isis jihadis getting their yezidi sex slaves on distribution day httptcon9exnuvhks .
freebsdgirl wadhwa but have you verified that shes a software engineer he asks at like thats so .
la palm trees and great weather any were else horrible weather and no bitches8221 .
basic bitch no chill 128514 .
pete eating mkr .
wigga .
haha a private industry birthday is needed to all who have celebrated our bday the past month i cant wait for ours i see you nigs lol 128513 .
eating pussy is everybody pussy aint healthy .
its hot and my allergies are killing 128553 i feel like a little bitch 128514 .
when people then pass you up and look lol i just wave like hi bitch yeah i see you do i care fuck no pass me up .
can this bitch hurry up .
yeah because shes not driving it over your face .
stop looking porn fag .
why thts my lor bae tho wyd why u fucking up hoe .
there may be a fag hag switch a comin .
open up her legs and filet mignon that pussy .
dem hoes more 128686 8220leanandcuisine this nigga out here fucking retired new race fuck black woman .
its not bitch its .
charlie crist refuses to back down from attack on gop .
so now hes claiming that the was edited uh dude probs for time you cant fix this .
josh youre a hoe .
you done with that clown bitch or .
beer ball isnt for pussies .
bitch please dont get shot .
photoshop my nig .
this nigga doing magic tricks amp he still aint getting no pussy 128514128514128514 .
wouldnt be such a bitch if people didnt piss me off 247 .
yea my bitch is crazy so what .
mcnarstle and shes watchin him with those eyes and shes makin him amp clams with that body i just know it .
bitch truth trust .
yo mama so ghetto she uses cigarette butts as .
losbeonit lmaoooo when you break up with your bf and you gotta pull out your old hoe moves like .
lmao when you eat food thats too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon .
im sick and tired of faggot trying to see how long before moses kills a royal worldseries barrybonds jokes .
thevoiceofmiami twitter hoes just different bitches want to text or dm all day hoe im trying to fuck something .
friendlyassh0le you curse too you breathe too much shut the fuck up .
this bitch herself size isnt exactly the most healthy tho .
bullshit mkr mkr2015 .
how do you go to sleep at night bitch if im not the one sleeping with .
bitches .
niggas want a good girl but still wanna fuck with hoes but that aint gone work gotta pick boy stfu .
oh look new idea and mkr in a cross marketing what about a mkr paleo range .
hendrixoxo lemme guess you wore the hicks .
sportscenter peyton pass nfl 55 pass td nfl likely ho8230 .
tweets2sweet or lack of smh u niggers amp ur music .
sounds like twat .
dis be one sexy bitch .
i try to make a out of not responding to their conspiracy but that one was too funny not to share .
bruh trent took the yellow path .
128557128557128557 been trash since this .
another instant restaurant round mkr .
hoskinsty96 brandon is so a lil bitch .
note sueypark is not sexist retweet needs a or sarcastic option .
jkwest when a bitch look his way .
except i used to be super tan and now im lol .
its fact that a male brain cannot always hear the high voice of a women so bitch dont get really didnt hear you .
lmaooo fag .
lmaoooo nah im down here turning up yah not gonna believe this but itsnotharold being a bitch in bg being a bitch 128514128514128514128514 .
damn how did kat and andre dodge that bullet mkr .
i swear i care about everything else but these bitches .
elisepalmer youre cheating on mickey bubbles o .
oreos and coffee for i do what i want .
slingsxarrows equality niggah .
hahaha damn hoes .
alanau id have to have a space for it and chances are by now most people already have their .
haha ill shoot you and that bitch i guess my gun is .
when you hear ya homie with no hoes lying .
bill maher schools host charlie rose over beliefs .
carelessone92 he a real nigga tho that bitch know her place .
sportscenter dont look now but the browns are in sole possession of 1st place in the afc north the cleveland browns .
dese bitches actin like they loyal give dat hoe a oscar .
me calling bout a nigga 128564 shit for the birds amp then a nigga that aint fucking me 128514 i do not fucking care .
as the announcement date draws closer things are starting to pick up to a rather .
justdoitrob big titty bitch lmao fuck it good party .
mkr really wtf sass this is to be a cooking comp not a run way for you know whats whatever .
hey teabagger the benghazi thing is a joke 13 under bush no more on benghazi than real 911 attack .
the glasses guy is thoroughly annoying mkr .
my nigga dmd a bitch and said ur eyes are so beautiful they me lmaoooo nigga thought he was reading a romantic comedy movie script .
damn i hate being a huge pussy8221 .
might give you a visit this cunt isnt going to have a family when im done .
katy and clear lake hoes .
i called at least 20 times to make my hair appointment and these bitches dont pick guess i have to stop in to make an appointment .
you niggers cheat on ya gfs smh .
kencf0618 being blocked isnt harassment .
themirai sirgoldenrod sloshedtrain2 srhbutts its tied to twitter user ids and its not a constant update it when i run it .
did wagggggie seriously steal my halloween oreos 128530 .
one time for the bitch alive .
i have to give the honor of making me laugh so hard i cried today wow the is strong in this one .
cancer is a hoe yall pray for the people who have it .
just learn d dance nuh cuz u know after we like to pick up months old yardie ting lol .
8220shanea1 lol i rose been dat nicca tho8221 1 never i was trippin .
my dumbass has a redskins jersey .
carl try eat the pussy but that big ass nose be fucking shit up .
i want to hit a button and play a game im already logged into steam or my xbox i dont want to login to a 3rd party .
first key club trash pick up with the freshman tbt .
comattwow indeed lets chill with that kind of talk please wishing illness on anyone isnt cool .
seriously after that first conversation on your status he fb me calling me a fag lololol .
amaninblack im drunk dude .
i must say sheri is gorgeous lovely person id be happy to know her mkr .
theres a lot of big booty bitches at gym .
wizkhalifa woke up im bout to make this day my bitch .
no text back i dont give a fuck ill text another bitch damn someone is hurt lol .
aint met a bitch yet that could compete .
dear oreo whats this i hear about a watermelon flavor keep your fake fruit flavor out of my sandwiches .
itscoleharmon so to all those girls who are curled up in a ball in their bed waiting for that goodnight text go to sleep bitch he 8230 .
it should be mandatory for all boys to stfu a day it should be mandatory for all girls to do 20 a day notsexist .
vodage kaitlynburnell i have no idea wtf is going on or why i am mentioned in this tweet .
rildom1 the fact that you react so to a complex issue like for similar just so you can prove a man was first .
oh no are you saying the democrats lost the teabagger vote lmao head morningjoe .
im chill as fuck but ill still turn up on ur bitch ass .
this is gook to me because i dont have the game .
another instant restaurant round wtf mkr .
amo a que me .
that does not look like a hot pot to me this has gotta be interesting mykitchenrules mkr2015 mkr .
almost got in a fight with a faggot at the lol .
skinnybee bitches love us lol .
only goofy niggas over chicks with community pussy .
thats the beauty of them brownies i always about what id do if i hit the lol but fun .
mom said i couldnt have chocolate milk past nine so i punched that bitch in the pussy satan 128526 .
smh bitches are such haters how dare they do this to her jealousy yooo .
well women make history .
dont you mean crowd not crows .
metroidthief something that needs to be addressed for sure .
all i ask for is love n loyalty nothing else no arguing over other bitchesniggas no he say she say no social media bs just love .
lol why they tryna make mimi out 2 b this bad bitch she is sooooo weak it makes me mad and she fucks like a 6th 128553128514 .
racist white cops blacks again cant wait till black cops arrest then hear them bitch .
hopes kat amp andre are ashamed of themselves as watching the telly tonight mkr .
hell no cause brad still walked away like yeah i fucked that niggas bitch 128514 .
thats a huge serve of pancakes kids would love that mkr .
thequinnspiracy i dont know what i expected but it wasnt law and order telling me to give up .
quit using song lyrics queer .
athenahollow on one hand the only voice she has is with gaters which doesnt really affect reach .
double aka a dick in the ass and a dick in the pussy at the same damn time .
josephtheflyguy loyal pussy is best pussy cus u know thats all yours .
foodpornsx oreo ice cream .
wcw bitch .
free bitch we stay used yo hol yo each other cdfu .
speaking of that years pussy was phenomenal .
fuck them .
i hate my manager so much she makes me wanna throw at her stupid bitch ass .
wired is wrong .
gabrielaangela4 that hoe .
where is da wood of mkr .
longlivechris but she got a pussy now which makes him a her and shes bad so .
drurbanski weve got a pr firm i might toss this their way .
edwardscait but you were too busy being a raging bitch and not caring that your best friend was going through hell so theres my punch 128139 .
i love wearing fuzzy socks to work .
thats kevin with the hoes 128514128514 .
mkr this time im ready to run .
on one hand he could get quoted more but some reporters will look pretty dumb if all their women in tech stories are 100 about dudes .
informationchef i havent really had to go around in before this stuff is practically a foreign language .
smoke bitch .
katie and nikki cant cook mkr .
polite yet birds army font .
ncweaver i believe so should be a option blocks happens client side as well .
is yankee in a good mood today or what .
af vianawf kinghorsedick nah these hoes stupid .
so many bitches think theyre so much hotter than they are .
im hardly on this hoe anymore lol .
karlie jus put all these bitches on niggas better start checkin they wheels after yall drop yall bitch off .
bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
pretty sure i got ya bitch nudes in my phone nigga .
themothreborn it is trolling .
have heard hillbilly that bugs much worse in the since mic shut down .
stanford wadhwa stanfordmed no thank you .
not only you and that pom stuff totally porn .
how am i suppose to ride for and you got bitches ina back seat .
coke and white bitches .
like freaky bitch but i fucks with her .
nick young says that close to 100000 worth of money watches sneakers and clothes were stolen from his house last nig8230 .
femfreq is like the most feminist with which to view video games and yet to them feminist .
it out mkr .
martin trash .
gingerdemoness my shits like an eggplant baby black and big enough so dat all da women gets dem a piece .
why do u think its so hard major air time on most when its w8230 .
titties nd pussy .
i wanna try pot brownies .
zzachbarness trippinc 9995 he has a date hoe .
demand recount in gay rights tcot teaparty teabaggers lgbt .
bitch we are the realest boyz .
sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe waiting 90 days wont make you a wife cute pics dont mean yall happy having a .
take yo bitch on a dinner date then i paint her face .
loves austin such a boon for .
take a bitch to for some tell her she gon blow it romo .
no bitch i wanna roll a fucking blunt .
thequinnspiracy you are fucking amazing and i love you .
meeeesh1395 bitch im always out .
cheeseplus i typo crazy with browns .
nbc news projects charlie baker r wins massachusetts governor .
you girls be 13 talking about i hate sleeping alone well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear .
ethics in journalism ethics in no wonder hes friends with that walking burrito fart .
kiefferjason nathanndevlin zachsmith98 bitch how tf am dumb your going off what someone else told you so u can shut that shit up .
lets run a train on this bitch .
it all started in 95 .
cant wait to see the winners mkr .
the fck dem bitches always got sum shit wit them .
haha faggot .
nope got lucky some washing on the slopes gonna make it a little rough but feeling very today .
skinnybee you lil stupid lil bitch she aint fuckin with you bug sean voice .
128514128514 im finna dm you the pic bruh these hoes funny .
from a one will notice blah mkr .
amaninblack my feelings exactly .
ling ling .
aint trusting no bitch or no nigga hoe or no sucka .
happy birthday pussy have a good one .
blockbot no thats oolon .
no comparison the are a bunch of cunts but the band that matters the most is the faces imo stones second .
give us our credit bitch we went out there amp took that w .
im up bored denna bitch .
no matter how much you bitch and complain america is in better shape to how obama found it period .
degenerateartist balls cuz a fairy walks downtown hairy all our scary sense of hillbilly .
patience wearing thin with all these rounds mkr feels like well still be here at xmas the absolutely last were almost there round .
bruh you trash take yo ass back to college .
colin are you having a 7 for main and dessert little skill was throughout mkr .
so glad you did this im still trying to figure out on this damn to give that bitch the finger .
you aint ever gonna be a slice bitch kevin hart .
you dont like us colored folks what the hell youre not colored you white fucks 128514128514128514128514 .
jazzriley cant trust none of these hoes .
youve gone and broke the wrong heart baby and drove me redneck crazy .
thatdamnham to dc hopefully ill see my best bitch that would make my day .
if you ballin then buy ya bitch something .
these customers are fucking crazy this bitch said god will me because her dumbass locked herself out of her account .
never been a bitch .
catching up on my mkr viewing kat and andre are disgraceful wish theyd gone .
from a gamergate target how to protect yourself from harassment online .
omg i am laughing so hard right now .
haha did i hit that hoe or what .
if she dont appreciate that and say yes the bitch aint real .
she dont wanna fuck me she wanna fuck my wrist tell her like young dro fuck dat bitch .
no i dont fuck with those hoes ask he does .
i want to be as independent as soon as i can i dont like depending on people makes me feel like a bitch .
what would yall lil ugly bald headed bitches do if they stop making makeup amp weave .
she in the mall she balling bitch buy something for me .
you tweeting about mkr again .
wow putting a whole up using and by a canadian hey many will you .
mykitchenrules lets hope the goat is as happy as this sasweethearts mkr .
vex0rian m1sp i thought it was looking at tweet ids or dates im pulling from multiple user accounts .
video shy glizzy 8211 8220i can8217t .
one of best looks too charlie weis couple months ago hanging .
roll that weed that ass hoe .
pop a molly why dont you hoes start poppin some birth control .
article is took my first with was well done even had 2 ghetto gals with a 9 but well done .
lake honey white trash heaven i accept your just tonight .
sorry hoes but love does not stand for legs open very easy .
hol on bitch .
lol i love when ppl think ima fucking look away like a pussy when i catch them staring at me lmao look away hoe .
bitches be trying the wrong bitches amp dont even be knowing .
jac and shaz mkr .
bad ass local bitches .
the at the end of dried up remain to be some of the most perfectly heavy ever recorded .
asking his kids if they brought an apple for the teacher 128514128514128514 hes such a queer .
i hate ah dirty house foul living its a lot of them out there .
now da heat fans bacc yall niccas kill me aint tweeted shit all damn game .
see niggas they be mad and all these hoes go 128584 .
yes im judging you by the way you dress bitch .
i asked the name of the bird ancient used as the sun of god .
english isnt kats first language right mkr .
kiefferjason idgaf what your name is scary ass give me a real address hoe .
amaninblack btw my twitter accounts are and freebsdgirl .
and another one 822007cannon two hoes yall know what we are 128514128514 .
my bitches pop that that gum and pop pills .
im just salty bitch .
tmclaughbos now i have to login to randiebooks and add him to the bot base so uh thanks for that .
out dis hoe .
did celine just make an elephant joke girl your making it too easy mkr .
so weird how the word cunt is offensive in other countries yet in this country its a reference to somebody like whos this cunt .
time to start an army of hoes .
thelmasleaze and no one said only women should stick together men can also stick together with their women friends .
im going to explain it to you like youre five just bc something doesnt matter to you doesnt mean it doesnt matter .
shes just mad cuz her big toe looks like an angry bird haha .
your mind is free and your soul satan will present to u in his kingdom the things that mock u stay strong in .
trust no man fear no bitch .
y se mexico wins 30 thats my team bitches .
when somebody ask where da hoes at universal answer is shit u got em .
you smell like weed and bitch you smell like sober .
yes amp no channymaraj is it ok to beat a bitch up over some tweets or nah .
pay for pussy no yo i get too many .
literally fat hoes hold a nigga .
of relief from fans amp chinas govt as club nips japanese rival 21 in match football .
bad ass bitch .
but you bird ass niggas out here getting your feathers just shook and aint no such thing as a half way .
nigga be a straight gentleman then he speaks bitch comes with that funky ass attitude then the gentleman shit goes out the window .
when someone retweets a bitch i hate onto my timeline .
the afl now has an american draft system couple of yanks are on the playing lists at .
thot bitches wanna be amp like a wife but dont know how to earn it .
trash both ways lol bitch killed like bill maher with makeup on .
one mans trash is another mans treasure .
mkr ewww who picks at their partners teeth at the bloody table .
niggas get a fresh cut to match the shoes and dont even say waddup to the pretty bitch next to em in da bus .
my dog has vomited better meals than that mkr mine as well he even eats his own shit too .
my brother is a fucking pussy .
bc yall hoes .
bitch i want my number back yo pussy mustard oh yeah fuck dat bitch trust me dro .
its time redemption round starts now wa killerblondes mkr .
just a little closer bitch .
i got some bitch ass i stay late every day last week i dont complain about them mfs they stay late they send emails that i left .
mkr to stop this strategic voting perhaps announce all the scoring for each group of instant restaurants when they go to kitchen central .
ohh my i woke up so dis nicca paper slept n my damn car n he threw up n my shit n i lost my phone smh gm .
look a yall makeup bitches lookin like a ghost when ya wake up bitches .
next sunday faggot .
cuhcuhcuh bitches who smoke are disgusting cuh .
men are to like it thanks for draining my faith in humanity for today .
kincade00 you seen it hoe put that cash up bitch imma take your money and spit on your fat ass .
baby d h u g e r kiss a nigga bitch perfect no .
jelly much kat andre is no catch mkr .
and hes an you know someone who needs empathy to perform his job .
if you delete tweets over one hour after you tweet them you are a pussy .
yall bitches dont know how to be friends 128514128514 .
you bitches got me all the way fucked up idc how many pineapples yall eat your pussy still gon taste the same so give that shit up please .
yall be giving the bitches so much hype stop it .
police just tried to king a to my nig out here .
the deconstructed lemon tart now being sold in flat pack from .
politibunny yeswedid attack harass threaten mock and bully any woman or minority who not fall in line with our progressive a8230 .
at this rate im going to be making slides for a keynote in my car as i drive home .
oapi will focus on creating technical solutions for online abuse .
i swear i cant do shit right now but im down to get into something tonight if u are nig .
u corn fly then bitch when it has no and its lime green with full of crystal all over .
these hoes turn into just so u can see their ass amp their smile in the same picture smh its hard work .
is running wild on that pussy .
smokin stuntin riding round town wit a bitch so bad but she dont mean nothing .
in in je er al voor weet hoe ik er voor was er te .
2016 the winner is revealed on mkr .
hashtag nachoshield hashtag .
niccas catchin dem under 500 charges out ugly i guess niccas tryn get it fa da holidays .
i love the scoring in this show every day it seems to be based on something completely different mkr .
candy corn amp peeps are hoe candy candy corn trash8221 super trash8221 .
httptcobpu86qzyft rose 8211 asian babe plays with her pussy .
how the fuck did kat and andre get thru mkr .
kryten2x4b1 most diversity feel a lot like circle jerks they can be good but it depends .
when you see a fat bitch wearing leggings and a belly shirt .
baby ill whisper to you all soft like ting o long .
juicy j cant say no to ratchet pussy remember .
this is followed by femfreq with 80 44 gg tweets mentioning her better luck next time .
smellin good bitches wanna hug me .
attack animals last house on the left by the lake and she got colored should have known lol .
ios 8 autocorrect is trash my phone be the things .
tomorrows agenda bake brownies amp visit a couple open house .
a nicca aint do shit all day .
coleycee lilaerii bitch where tf you think you going .
hidey hidey hoe .
ohlawditsniesha i swear that bitch can not talk but i love her attitude bruh .
normally i would say she must have a great pussy but since ive seen it thats not true so idk what it is .
tell them hoes im all out .
im pissed off bitches on my dick but shit my dick the way you carry yourself got me off i aint tryin to be rick ross .
been popping all my life whats fame 2 me bitches been stalking all my life bitches aint a thang 2 me .
82201bookieg money cant buy you love so i dont pay for no pussy8221 .
you bitches all got that one friend who wear the same fit to every other function and it dont even be that .
watching wadhwa completely dismiss women that dont agree with him be very disappointed in men that dont agree with him stopwadhwa2015 .
she kept in my ear you are so damn said bitch is over there .
so hard right now .
97339733973397339733 grand opening 97339733973397339733 top class 9733 oriental massage 9733 perfect 9733 .
beautifulkeezy lmfao bitch was i talking to you 128514128514 .
its not a battery its a usb .
two jihadis arguing over stolen will make your day vocativ .
lets go .
kiefferjason lmfao and im making more money then yo duck ass bitch i from dallas tx born and raised and we back our shit up all day nigga .
slap my hoes with a fake make great cake .
the way hawk girl did green is why i do not trust these hoes nope .
p8952 mjg59 not my field at a guess you can be just as tied to a as your real name or even more so .
hate that bitch ray wife is pissing me off .
mkr whats with all the its not what we were expecting judge whats put in front of you not what you think should have been .
sequoiagabris sequoiagabris yeah hoe8221 but the babies are innocent lol so still got her sister a .
kill la kill was trash .
tonights my kitchen rules elimination was complete bullshit mkr .
aianhangover what are you on a scale of one to ten bitch .
8220itsnotharold i say if a girl got 7 bodies or more and she 20 or younger she a hoe8221 on gang .
to recap feministajones started there are over 50 scheduled for mikebrown tonight because of a black .
so city lights is a charlie chaplin movie by via .
fark at this rate mkr wont crown a winner until just get on with it .
then i hit that bitch like a free throw .
you fuck up i try to be nice i fuck up you go ape shit and stay mad wtf haha .
thatdamnham lrt exactly announcing that you could be a piece of pussy for a couple hours then irrelevant after that nothing cute a8230 .
my stroke game so i gotta eat the pussy like a .
so yesterday i ran into a dude i went to high school with amp he used to be skinny as hell now omg same fucker who slit my tires years ago .
thelmasleaze as long as women have a biological advantage in x sport x sport will be is what that was attached to .
he said get up bitch thats not frohorsemen .
thank you jackass zebras .
05professor this is what all of my bitches say hahaha .
sammylightning phil is a pussy tnasty4teen .
this fucking little bitch landed on me in the car and really thought i wouldnt kill him .
put ya hands up if you a grade a bitch .
informationchef hmm using grafana and its giving me .
lmao if the shoes fit lace them bitches up im talking in general 128514 .
ive been him and the family that its okay losing a dog would have been to that family .
yelling my feelings about self not to think for themselves bitches is .
ig be the bid bitches an these dumb ass faces lol .
making up with all my bitches now .
just unfollowed another crazy bitch whos next lol .
living with my bitches live .
at pussy on fleek .
oh how strange nero leader of a campaign that is supposedly not about harassment is mocking harassment .
dsmyxe politibunny and then i got a of mentions i dont think you understand how the json key works .
stockputout everything but mostly my .
lmao they got the jump in this bitch .
how can you something by deconstructing it mkr .
i know these hoes .
i swear females think they know me bitch you dont know my intentions you just think you do .
yeah after she fed up jealous skinny bitches and became one herself .
lmao im bein foreal fuck all them bitches like that .
ima be home tomorrow so line up a bitch for me .
well theyre one them to be loyal .
smh hoes like this are fucking it up for actual loyal girls smh .
1life0continues thats why there are many p matching 1 or 2 is expected .
there is no such rule as tie goes to the out or safe yankees .
40 mins until that bitch drop .
women hate hoes they fuckin up the economy .
too worried bout bitches amp fashion they go missing in action .
i openly admit to being the level of white trash that will drive across town to the gas station with free hot dogs amp half price drinks .
i can only hope charlie strong .
quit bein a little bitch b .
theonemissluu aye everyone buy some brownies tomorrow from my wigga jacklynannn they dont contain marijuana b8230 .
yous a lie coreyemanuel right his tl is trash 8230 now mine bible and .
thatsabinegirl i am confused by the idea of on others is that like force feeding .
kayysavage bitch this shit is soooo funny .
after years of service my naga may be dying .
my wifes doing some sort of while singing a little less talk and a lot more was this ho8230 .
every pussy the same but i feel like i aint get enough .
u can kill carl but not my nigga whos gonna take care of my hoe .
wasn8217t that great to me either was trash denzel officially washed was flight .
not a word on jihadi stream about the female suicide in that story their mythology on several levels .
ozlito 1stblocjeremiah ctfu u bloody but yes doe bitch ball out cracked hot dog in dat bitch .
fuck off i cant watch another round mkr .
dont try to be nice to me after you were being a bitch .
hoes right dey need uh answer .
who the hell is gonna buy your shit when your dirty panties and trash are clearly in the background of the picture .
elchavaloko negros .
roll tide bitches .
next year on my kitchen rules we may eventually get past the fucking instant restaurant rounds  mkr .
hmm channel7 might need to rethink letting the couples score instant restaurants from this season on mkr .
wetsprocket and that shit me out not that she would likely do anything but that she could someone up enough to do something .
i love a bitch wit sum nice teeth n .
how you when youre rappin about wearing the same shit everyone else is wearin and rappin about this mixtape is trash yo .
screw the awards i have much better taste than 100 of white dudes so im going to continue to like things i like suck it .
what you say bitch .
therealicetre bae come im tryna catch a im horny bitch its a fucking mewtwo .
wadhwa sad thing is that women in tech debate is becoming people with personal agendas beginning to pushing .
wont catch me sneak dissing thats fo the birds .
ufuckinright mannn we had hoes like that wen i was in school they all had babies .
thequinnspiracy chriswarcraft get crazy with the cheese .
naw she not a hoe she just a girl .
yup i know the .
ms st aint no hoe they fuckin up .
this bitch mentioned dr done .
hey that guy has the same first name that i do what a fag .
sweet jesus morningjoe are you going to split screen rep james amp charlie daniels at the same time morningjoe .
you know you are in the ghetto when you see streets named martin king jr amp .
clarkhat i suspect many dont have a strong understanding of passive vs active voice thats fairly common of most americans .
vintagemonroe bitch you gorgeous .
weed aint a drug its a fucking bitch .
more bad cooking from kat and andre mkr .
finally catching up on last nights mkr .
these bitches talking shit but they whisper it .
i actually dont like crackling mkr .
if youre making 300 clams for betting 5 i hope you do it for a living .
give me 3 wishes i wish i wish i wish you would bitch .
that shit is for the crows in parking lots .
this bitch is looking dumber and dumber by the minute .
is such a bitch .
surprise announcement another bloody instant restaurant round mkr .
bruh pt 2 killed this hoe too last night while we was sleep .
going to be a lot of hungry campers going to for breakfast mkr .
cc swiftonsecurity .
uses his new hair to talk himself out of a yellow card telling the referee i am but a humble senior 8230 .
nine times outta ten the bitch using them same on all ten of her clients i cant with you beat .
kat amp andre the only ones in history to give a 1 and all for strategy you dont deserve to be in the competition mkr losers .
autyaut i hate when people say you cant a hoe how bitch im only held for my its all .
aint that a bitch8221 .
i never get on twitter but when i do i get in bitch fights with niggas not even females bruh8221 .
soap i wish some pussy tho imjustceej what does your beard smell like .
customer service i really need this bitch to get the fxck out my business just open my new account and leave me alone 187 .
mkr i noticed kat and andre werent in any of those upcoming clips .
full retard blaming slow april sales on winter weather .
hardcore way to eat mac and boil water 2 cheese drink boiling water 4 fuck bitches .
why do people have a problem with gay people know what fuck it i got a problem with you straight hoes now what .
my dogs man i remember ok girl text my phone on they bs was ready deep thenna bitch ready to go .
my niggah i slept perfect .
kat is actually daughter shes found another use for those knives mkr mkr2015 .
jwyoder i cant play this game drunk .
cuhcuhcuh fat bitches dont like up they arms in the summer all that cuh .
photo bad bitch ladykimora your favorite vegas ladykimora .
should of been a sole why is there no on the .
supporters of officer wilson rally in st louis ferguson kkk tcot teabaggers teaparty .
im getting sleepy and my phone is acting retarded .
i might freak the bitch but dont need the .
and my mom was really getting me a car smh hoe f u for dat .
i love german i wish bitch ass had it .
wow this was awesome so cute .
sexualgif if were dating dont be a sensitive bitch when i insult you i expect to be back .
steadmanterri wheelerkashhh mann dat dat bitch 128514128514 .
pancakes are looking delicious mkr .
so happy to hear mkr playing ready to run by made my day hungrycampers .
omfg im about to murk a bitch all i see is red dude .
bomb your fuck your al qaeda .
i found a at the store today 50 retweets and ill shove it up my pussy pics .
absolutely bullshit that kat amp andre are going through they are the most strategic bitchy couple mkr .
i wish a nigguh would try this clown shit in wohs .
mkr fuck you colin that was total shite .
celiadeeter lol as they should gg is a hate group ghazi isnt for them .
meeeesh1395 my fuckin mom is a bitch like she aint even for it dylan is and he said its fine .
youre a bad bitch and i want you .
ciara not a ghetto name well kinda but it8217s not .
typical bitch during a break up tweeting smfh .
the power of christ you to pop that pussy .
almost everyone i met in paris was absolute trash and if they support a republican government i hope they fucking die .
im about to spray perfume on your bitch because if i have to look at might as well smell decent 9995 .
u bitches still fuccin bush .
lmaooo nigga said a hol it down dyke was in the background .
im pondering getting leo a friend looking at shelter pics of the most adorable mix right now omg omg omg .
not sure if colin or snape mkr mkr2015 .
hoes .
msmarrie i think i need to see said bitch in question .
youre not funny trash .
glennf spacekatgal hes the same ideas that people have had before they were bad then shockingly still bad now .
i hear the same thing day in and day out its for the birds .
where the hoes at we looking for the hoes .
my momma aint raise no hoe8221 .
all i ever asked for was patience patience amp pussy but mostly patience .
all good things must come to an end thats all right get em tomorrow yankees .
yeah its hilarious how womens to science are and stolen im glad you see the humor .
i always look like such a bitch .
well i just got that is your body count is five or above its high and you a hoe 128514128514128514 .
wh obama won8217t name until you rubes have already cast your hot air .
five things ill never give a netflix .
nobody is going to say anything about how unloyal side bitch is .
you better pray to god i dont like yo bitch cause we might catch eyes and she might get hit .
seanbonner anything that requires a government id is a privacy concern anything that requires money is a bad idea forever .
fuc her and her pussy nasty .
i i dont even know how to use this shit how i update my status on this hoe .
every frat should have gay brothers because they pull hella fine bitches to your parties alpha .
double elimination its only fair since we had to put up with the loser round mkr .
stop being a hoe .
got bitches that look like instead lol .
128530 coldhearted9 822011wdnick still cant see what niggers see in them white dont do this .
i think id rather slightly over cooked pork chop than fish soup mkr .
some of yall hoes thighs be so thick and cant even walk yankee food .
stephenatwar there is no official response ive talked to 20 pds its officer most officers will not say this .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx german milf getting young and old cock in her pussy .
heard you was talkin trash like i wouldnt find out .
and he is defending it right now ugh .
absolutely retarded article .
i had the side hoes come out to me i front of my girl nd start touchin a nigguh .
msoltan18 its supposed to be grey with blue and the soles are more yellow than icy so pass .
im not surprised i wish i was gamergate turned a talk about antiharassment into a live girldevweek .
drinking a wine and playing fall out bird hahaha .
these bitches want the next best thing .
i always wanted a bull dog them hoes clean fuck a pit .
currently being hit with the jig word .
very wrong lmao this bitch literally tried to swallow someone in this movie .
mmmotorsports yesyouresexist done third in points for the 2012 season class multiple finishes in class .
is kat crazy like the cruel amp crazy amp clueless mkr .
lebronvuitton a loyal bitch from the burbs without daddy issues is like finding a mewtwo sounding like me over there lol .
i cant with these second class bitches .
tell a bitch gtfo my face fa no reason .
just took electric to my pussy back on in 5 mins .
i had a rescue puppy named .
its been a minute since we like we use to i hope that pussy still feels like it use to .
divamonroe2uhoe im destroying this bitch dawg .
vex0rian m1sp i had a bunch of to help manage ggautoblocker related stuff also started fights between .
all the real gangsters knoww aint never loved no hoe .
3 point on a bitch like up in da club like .
why everybody so hype to see these famous people naked yall hoes just alike they just got money 128557 .
you got bitches and i dont have niggas 128514 i want you .
97339733973397339733 grand opening 97339733973397339733 top class 9733 oriental massage 9733 perfect 9733 .
thinking bout gettin 500 put on my ears cuz im getting money bitch .
kiefferjason naw my fam aint no bitch made niggas gtf off my shit fuck nigga im not your fam oh friendly ass nigga .
well done .
my pussy sweet like watermelon .
a dick has a sad life his hair is a mess his family is nuts his neighbors an asshole his a pussy amp his owner beats .
now niccas wont .
lance gone leave he trash anyway .
whos to blame for the yankees this year the management the ebola bout the .
the nig ok youre the big time shit talker on twitter no name no face no info .
fygm culture is a complete lack of empathy i fought my way here sure do i think anyone else should have to do that hell no .
i fucking want ash back i need her back mkr .
get on your shit hoe .
laurenjauregui karmas a bitch and so are you and i genuinely mean that .
huntermoore fuck my tight pussy until im dripping wet .
i had liked this one bitch but she always was in some shit causing some fucking drama .
all yuh cunt six set for the .
macktology101 for reals psycho ass bitch lol .
l1ldebbie im your bitch down for whatever .
is anything going down tonight besides my bitch .
with my partner in crime riri22barbie yesss 128128 bitch stole my look hah ladykimora .
whats next fingers in dykes .
oh mras you making at my appearance wont keep me from working to provide tools so others can shut you down lt3 .
why did the sign hes a bitch .
johnny football is trash man trash lol .
thecoreyholcomb so the fat bitches who ride dick with a tshirt on 128514128514128514 .
whipped .
femfreq reminder in the game of patriarchy women are not the opposing team they are the ball .
ay nigguh so when ya coming back .
its summer bitches .
idntwearcondoms 0 hoes .
but tony .
yall save hoes id save paper 128175 .
i can ride your bitch with no handle bars .
i this catfish shit is funny all how can this bitch thinks that she was talking to bow wow doe 128514128514128514 .
new backpack that we colored last night .
i wish i could just be sad instead im constantly spitting up rage .
im taken tho amp i aint cheating for none of you hoes .
cus you gt d hoes .
cause everyone just loves yo bitch ass rite yea sure .
hi i am neither dumb nor a bitch im pretty smart and am one of the most genuinely nice people ive ever met .
im colored aint supposed to be no good influence .
me lets try a 2nd attempt of my first day of cold haha yeah right i fucked your car and your bitch .
discordianslip if you say one word about the charlie brown xmas special i will the tires on your car .
she a hoe cause your boyfriend want her she scary cause she dont talk shit like yall she ugly cause you dont like her grow up .
bitch what .
did they drug colins serving or mkr .
tharealist voiceofdstreetz 128514128514 2 many lil bitty bitches .
its game another beer mkr .
im going to miss these bitches so much 128557 far right she resting on ol girl booty yall funny as shit .
reading the ut sexual assault case takes me back 2 never forget d walk would say dont run trains on them trouble .
calmicc he kept me informed on stuff id missed and seemed ok i liked him .
beardyblue emilyesque general folks in the legal field at this point but issues will mostly center around local laws .
sarahjeong well that just made my life much easier p .
i be waiting for a bitch to sneak diss im idc 128514128581 .
u better cook and clean for me bitch ill give u all my money but i aint no dishes and makin my own plate .
why they playing trash on espn right now .
if you love her then hide yo bitch so youll keep .
suck it up pussy .
when a girl asks me if i eat pussy at first i dont even cause thats just a stupid question in itself .
why is there a band outside my apartment .
that was no accident lmfao these hoes trynna be lowkey slick .
nah just yo hoe she just matter fact iiak yu get hoes 128551 .
shitpussiessay dudes built like a crushed twinkie .
naw no bs u under lets say 20 and u got like 15 def a hoe lol theres no debating that .
imatvjunkie what the hell were annie and lloyd thinking mkr kat might get their wish of going up against her .
2 my bitch cant say im broke n ha period late .
ampowerblog your whining like a worthless little bitch is the funniest thing that has happened all weekend you are not a man .
bitch get yo duck ass off my shit .
dog i think its a nigga dyke i was wondering the same is the person that sing no flex zone a male or female .
im a pro at losing followers some people just cant handle my excessive use of the work mines cause i say fuck .
is trash yall know how important bubble is to our day .
128514 nah lemme chill i love the bitches .
turnt up with yo bitch in a house party .
its 2 things in this world that i aint seen thats a amp a bitch that i need .
how are you .
when life knocks you down stand the fuck up and say you hit like a little bitch8221 .
drasko steve and tennis coach at the same table mkr .
bitch soulja boy be having me so .
airam12 shit i wish it was socially acceptable for me to beat some of these bitches asses lmao .
my housemate was inspired mkr deconstructed .
thelittlefella olevertybstard bitch shouldve got out of her yard .
and skin diamond the last of the good ebony porn bitches .
arent you embarrassed that charlie rangel remains in your .
thanksgiving early hoe .
then theres this stupid bitch in my class that literally has to ask a question every time the professor says something .
drinking away this stress you got some new hoes for us .
collegefession the only thing that collegefession has taught me is that in fact these hoes aint loyal .
i be jamming etc .
when hoes feel like their photo didnt get enough favorites thats me thirsty ass .
just so the results why would the other teams not up the score to drop kick captain salty and her first mate mkr .
hey yankees fans is this a good score .
apes .
shanley the message is clear this target will be left completely as we torture and abuse them with  .
bullshit i dont know how many more episodes with kat and andre i could stand mkr .
i hate bitches that have attitudes all the time .
lildurk so all my real fans who can wait and not want me to put out trash like other rappers signedtothestreets2 .
tayscalf if you aint with someone you can still sleep around be a hoe and not the cheatin .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh lmaoooo get these hoes wet big bro im tryna tell you .
mkr what a goddamn surprise .
working on setting up desk for the photo thing 3 macbook air pro 2 ipad air 2 on everything hello i am computer .
mykitchenrules here come the hungrycampers mkr .
kat and andre are so awful wtf is wrong with you two mkr .
8220funnypicsdepot how black bitches drive when they song come on .
lmao the in soles in cant even handle the weight rick ross holds .
bitch me too .
i kinda figured a lil bit when u said bitch u cute .
im a bitch tho8221 128527 .
ispeaksarcasms the nigga with no future always have the most hoes .
on the secret party mission live tweaking to mock .
believe in the heart of the cards bitch .
reathie man bring yo bitch ass here ion give a dam bout yo mf attitude .
rakwonogod bitches tweeting last night gtgt like they did something special except be hoes .
rate my hoe .
rubyfakhoury forget that bitch and come get some of this white chocolate .
them bitches as fuck too .
i didnt go wrong when i started talking to you i went wrong when i trusted your bitch ass .
presented without comment cc polygon .
its kindergarten finger painting mkr .
this 8 yr old on made my chicken look like trash .
itskiaraaaa im not even shy stfu mom hi smiles cracker in soup .
too make up for your yellow .
i wish i had my dad in my life but the bitch ass nigga still think im not his lmfaoooo but damn thats sad cuh .
ill likely be back up in the for conference season .
i find it hard to believe raping hoes its too easy to get them panties off when you successful .
oh you one of those stuck up bitches 128514 .
we mostly hear about harassment in the context of gamergate but thats a very narrow focus and not the real problem .
ericmariners elchavaloko lol naw that bitch was just a .
this next generation is being raised to be a bunch of pussies with no discipline .
theyre for being top in their round i think 4 teams are so not cooking this time mkr .
first bake sold quickly but did anyone like it mkr .
look ghetto but it work .
korvys jonrosenberg i had to source many gaters timelines the grammar wasnt good enough for it to work well with just one seriously .
jihadis claim to have shot an iraq army attack helicopter in amp its pilot by name rank .
sbsylvester yo bitch talk about u not on my level do u even know look like stop looking porn kid .
kat and andre are filthy bastards mkr .
more fire when i this sentence than it takes to process man hit ball into foul zone it no count as third strike .
i dont read .
yesterday wadhwa showed us all how deeply sexist he is its there for anyone to hear in his own words hopefully the word spreads .
dating you would be like dating that bitch brandy lol .
actually no .
that was a bitch move i the most heartless thing i did .
sneaky hoes .
karlosbudah i kno this bitch a thot she wanna meet my momma now .
gossipcop the coon n coon wanna b got what they should have except should have been more time in jail .
is trash .
escort in games are trash .
97339733973397339733 grand opening 97339733973397339733 top class 9733 oriental massage 9733 perfect 9733 .
ball is life no bitch bench is life 128075 .
all it takes is one female to change that nigga but it takes 100 niggas to change that hoe .
she still a bitch mryungone lol so what do you tweet if you lose .
i will not leave my nigga but you can be my bitch too .
3 hours and 40 minutes .
girls have no sass  with some of the teams left this could be a long season mkr .
rule number 1 never fuck wit ah bitter dey gon spray u str8 up erica u losing cool points hoe .
who is demanding this hit coles and rush and go nuts are they told to do this or poked with sticks why so fake mkr .
getting ready for a pounding mkr fourinhand .
literally cannot decide which team i like less katandandre vs katieandnikki mkr2015 mkr .
whats worse than jury duty is the confirmation you get while serving that the general public is retarded .
now that the world is starting to see him for what he is he must be living in a cloud of stopwadhwa2015 .
things to being a bitch is to your solo dance parties are good fo8230 .
why look like he bout to sell the most ghetto used cars of 2014 .
there is sometime at this shelter that is waiting to see the same puppy i want death match in the streets .
christian couple burnt alive in 8230 .
tell a itty bitty bitch pipe down .
please dont hold back tell it how you see it .
when you eat the pussy so good she cant control her .
real niggas and bad bitches have 2 things in common youre both ignorant as fuck amp neither of you know that youre kings and queens .
hella just ordered me some beanies .
wheelerkashhh lls lor bitches stay wanting to fight made them real mad i talks my shit .
good music gtgtgtgtgt young money fags .
tvweekmag soggy bread looked disgusting mkr .
ozlito 1stblocjeremiah ctfu bitch talm bout i needs my respect .
mkr 25 minutes to the next bake yeah okay .
in order too want a real nigga you gotta be a real bitch .
people who focus on skin for dating someone are fucking retarded and 128076 .
someone just called someone a bitch ass nigga on black ops .
thoughtsofrandy stop following bad bitches and ya wont get spammed .
you dont know what i know name somebody you monkey faced .
davegetnmoney not a flagrant a bitch .
livibadd88 so many pretty bitches coming to my birthday dinner 128556 .
pussy ass schedule .
gbo26 ash would eat these two alive mkr .
i bought and i just need snacks and shit i need to buy crackers and shit .
you do it to us so payback is a bitch hahaha lt3 happy valentines day though .
today i told a woman that she was the of sexual femininity how am i not drowning in pussy .
theres still a few teams that need to be voted off the island mkr .
dswizzle3 naw u keep it 100 fake get yo lame ass on somwhere wigga hell no get on somwhere .
he said we gon be paying a bitch rent im not even tryna buy her an extra sweet and sour sauce at mcdonalds .
kiss these nuts bitch .
this niggah kevin hart couldnt sit down my niggah my niggah .
juanndacut explaining to a girl how u dont have hoes .
kik is for either gone shit or get off the pot .
slbgngeddie slbgngeddie shit nigga dont complain now you got room for hella nudes from hoes8221 ill .
hiding your favorite snacks from your family bc youre a selfish bitch .
you cant spell patrick without trick so trick or treat bitch .
xdsmooth 1bookieg this niggah was tripping over everybody .
throw some orange on dat bitch .
scott finds new ways to flip me the bird each game i know its the right move but .
wagggggie 128514 im not close to being your dude master thats right bitch bow down to your master 128591 .
oregon state is a popular pick in recent mock drafts draft httptc8230 .
ill go to class the last 30 minutes of that hoe .
that pussy best be shaved for the holidays .
mcfartle freebsdgirl i say let them waste their money eventually they wont be able to afford internet then their h .
im terrified every single day of my life of the fact that people think i know what im doing gameloading .
even bitches with bad attitudes bumpin to our they high maintenance .
i was grown by the time i turned 16 wit only my grandma nigguh .
thatboyado fuckin pussy haha .
she gon look over these bitches like terms and conditions .
niggas retarded lol .
reggie gives me my niggah .
celiadeeter i sometimes post to ghazi im fond of the channel its a place to be supported .
mkr um its a cooking show they should have seen the best of you the very first damn dish you ever cooked for them .
i think im gonna walk around the house free as a bird .
i dont fight or want to fight bitches who dont know who the fuck i am fuck i look like doing that nigga please .
white girls that talk youre not .
taitaisanchez are like ooh look me i can walk lifting is like i am stronger than .
dont be a bitch to me ill be a bigger one and ill win .
i view hackers on the same level as bitch slapped into the lake and held until drowning harsh but yeah hate .
instead of fygm culture why not try to fix things why not try to remove some of the would that be so bad really .
its always anime faggots that got some shit to say lmao you in love with some damn lol fuckin nerds .
thats most niggas thevoiceofmiami fucking with the wrong bitches got me cold as ice .
lol lil bitch .
that up shit for the birds yo .
jaime dont make me look like a bitch lmao .
fucktravonn faggot .
might need you to a bitch .
lmao such a hoe 1285148221 lmfaooo .
blow up the pussy like hussein bitch look at me crazy like whos sane .
bryneaux i prefer just getting up on stage and speaking but most conference want me to have slides .
heres a suggestion lets make manu and colin the main judges for the show mkr .
every lady aint no hoe but every lady sure aint no queen .
i can neva count my stash cause i always lose count i can neva keep no bitch cuz i put them hoes out .
that shoot em up shit is cool but gimme some shit i can play in front of bitches my some shit i ca .
im lmao fa real cuz i really saw her throw dat bitch in a circle lol .
pussy .
ogbeard if i got 50 and my girl got 0 then i still got 50 cause that bitch should have a job .
big night of 127936 hoosiers iubb big10 and pacers nba indiana hoosierstate .
freedominguez i saw ive been working directly with twitters safety department i have faith they want to do the right thing .
ebola great and i thought the panic from bird flu was bad i really aint got time for that .
kaivaxblizzard are rad i am just very committed to .
good job you finally created keyboard software that does something useful a would install again .
so kat and andre trending in australia nice to see twitter mkr .
life aint shit but bitches an money i pass that weed like i studied .
anastasiapacana stfu she thinks your ugly and hard to look at get the fuck out of chat faggot before i block you 1am .
they do why else do teachers constantly bitch about pay .
idk yall ppl that to like yall shocked about 70 bodies it was some first class hos at t that i knew personally .
this the i play soccer cheat on girls and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut .
bless i totally forgot about the party favourite shaz mkr .
kingtunchi i finally realize that these bitches just wanna see me down wanna see me fall .
u need to be in someones church absolutely right but i work sundays but still no excuse .
ciscoallday why she a hoe we know about 5 dudes that hit kim 5 these hoes out here doing that in a week .
crystal probably only person in world interested in my poor black white idea .
shy girls are undercover .
bitch im eating you are so blocked mayaangeloufro stop white people 2014 .
johnfkennedy i choose to fuck all these bitches not because theyre easy but because im hard .
shinsnipes youre tweeting at the people in darth here and dana is our bitch lmao she follows our r8230 .
tell me again how citizen is the best movie of all time then go watch you film school cunt .
moerasgrizzly the is now generated its not that different from the github list though .
i only be with older men cause theyre more supposed to fool us bitch .
fam it aint nothin to cut that bitch off van .
the nerve of this nicca step on my crispy ass shoes wit them dusty ass timbs .
all i wear is vines and american flag im the opposite of a wigga .
where this hoe at .
lol these bitches .
i want to print a thousand a day and on the streets until men understand .
i can feel the car rocking from the wind this is freaky .
ncweaver easier with github i dont have time to spend on being an .
wouldve easily all these shots with us hes so trash now smh .
i love this ho nerissaloren .
davethebrave1 perfect smoking weather haha bro i aint even in my hood yet and i already got hoes trying to say was up from other .
good morning having a nip of .
idk how i have friends im so blunt and sarcastic people probably think im a raging bitch .
ericmariners buckm00se i dont have time for these childish games just fight me bitch .
shut up himself up .
righteouz i could have that chick there boobs in my face and score the fight better than the bitch that made it .
with pick up lines like you bet you get so much pussy the numbers are in the negative .
all i want is a 100 million dollars and no bad bitch im selfish lol .
ya last nicca couldnt beat it i hit it like a free throw .
i aint stressin you hoes know dat .
you arent just one person there are many of us and we all have voices but more than that we have resources experience and passion .
ceemurda94 bitch bye you cant get it .
i ont like that game wit that retarded ass bird 128530 .
really bitch no .
i hope eva and debra win the competition mkr .
she unfollowed me after i said i cried watching dawn of the apes lmaooooooo .
chiefkeef finna fly me a thot out here get back on my make bitches fly like peter pan shit .
boy i had no idea that was coming its called a youre horrible at trash talk .
nowplaying bt feat tori amos blue radio edit on 1069thearrow httptcor5wuxa9jb6 .
i am a california state but remain a proud celebrating weekend ho8230 .
let a bitch say i got a small dick on god ill whip that shit out and show everyone in the room what i got blessed .
mssadaclay no im on a diet rt8220vianawf 127850 mssadaclay i love salad rt8220vianawf anyway fuck you hoes eat a .
i dont know im so i dont know where they .
shes a hoe shes ugly shes a bitch shes this shes that but you dated her please take a seat .
nobeeetch ughsickoe aye bitch .
128557 she went all the way to home depot just to take a sink pic i hate you hoes http8230 .
i dont luv deez hoes at .
kbthree fck you lol jk bra .
not sure if i should be irritated by street calling or impressed my walk my state of being .
sounds like they are holding back .
ion want the pussy if it come wit hairs .
omg watching freebsd just at gamergaters for my freebsd .
is dare any colored players in hockey .
keitholbermann i feel the same way about the bigotry and racism of using the word redskins .
damn near gotta protect my tweets stalkers being annoying you got that dope dick drive these bitches loco .
so um how did you keep from laughing or hanging up im in awe .
you can turn the speakers off and i will be wearing these .
the quality of onscreen tweets on qanda tonight is pretty equivalent to mkr so ill go with that policy looks undercooked .
after gave it his all putting up career numbers but getting no run support the yankees dont deserve to get into the world series .
i only wanna see bad bitches on snap chat .
lol bitch yo display name .
who on defense team is paying media to trash the constantly .
tonights mkr result proves that smug arseholes can prosper mkr2015 .
cuz you know i was playing witchu i aint call yo mama a bitch or say yo brother ugly af did i .
hbcufessions i know if my bf breaks up w me ill become the biggest hoe of all time fuck anyone who looks my way bc id be s8230 .
dont think i have ever seen a piece of work than kat and andre mkr .
because their complaints abt the dress code are clearly based on your not their own .
toddkincannon im a vet ryan tk rocks youre just a useless oh and you have a face like a bitch .
but yall niggas wanna call these women hoes when they leave you for a nigga that her fuck you lil niggas .
oddfuckingtaco damn i hate a bitch that like to argue and shit .
these hoes want my .
doctorow they have told me that writing this down is .
dont fucc wit coward cuz he a bitch n left la .
i be catchin bitches while bitches be catchin feelings .
exposed jihadi and murder and plan to british army and police via .
im so happy for sheri and emilie mkr .
yeah eagles definitely arent finishing 4th in division not this year bitches .
ive always wanted to use that word in a sentence mkr .
hashtag killerblondes is the hashtag in all mkr history seriously why not .
these hoes really out here .
jcmanous freebsdgirl .
police just made a it leo .
soft niggas usually send the hate threw the bitches .
bitches be like im nt beefing over a niggah smh .
allieemorse i only knew it was snowing because someone on twitter told me amp hanging out past few days was flying home into it .
these hoes out here beefing bout as important as these hoes out here yall blowing wind back amp forth stfu amp get money .
damn you a hoe .
they say i got too many bitch i swear i aint got the right ones .
this is why this show is ridiculous its not about the about the game playing mkr .
jayreidofficial check out joy and pain my nicca imyungjay .
rape a ho ben lol .
i am right now watching enforcers defend on facebook .
se el de jap243n .
seansteiger31 sometimes i listen amp revisit them old albums often as i can amp through all them bitches to make sure i keep up with 8230 .
pnd so trash lmao .
idgaf about you flat hoes feelings either you a grown ass man nigga .
100 certain its gunna be a death match between kat and andre and annie and lloyd mkr .
you tryin to say ofay .
i got one of those cheap usb and now im having way too much fun .
has mkr become a steve v drasko showdown who can talk more talk .
a loyal girl really truly does come with a smart mouth and arguments only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she g8230 .
cuz the whole team trash .
hope these girls do amazing with their main course mkr mkr2015 .
i can make a bitch famous .
dude fucking sucks and my bed is trash .
this guy is in here singing negro n shit .
i tell this bitch followback she rts me saying followback then doesnt followback blocked like fuck .
via eat ice if im eating anything tonight woman its make it better in a .
i shoot at the pussy i bust in the pussy im too .
fk it im never wearing my again but you dont hoop like a lil bitch tho .
people who play are white trash .
im looking for a reason to really on a bitch never my lady bitch none the less lol .
lmao hoes now a days 128514128581 .
need some hispanic pussy .
you say it like theyre a new toy theyre children you dumb bitch mixed want one .
im rich bitch .
lets be honest i feel like theres going to be a mines bigger than yours contest between drasko and steve mykitchenrules mkr .
you bitch i dont like you 128074 how hard is it to understand .
renaissancejay get the steak out dat bitch if u ballin .
kirindave i dont pve .
look i dont care about your or your computers or your the earth isnt flat and thedress is white and gold .
a smith to people calling him an uncle .
all my life i been this cold all my nights been with hoes .
the first day of student say bro you know cho bitch ass up .
lol kat and andre are the suckers mkr .
twinkle twinkle little star i fucked your bitch and stole your car .
bitch im mad at you for slapping me 9995 .
work nigga fuck work its friday bitches fuck friday all about saturday tomorrow will be epic .
i have never screamed so much like a little bitch just from a fucking video game im leaving earth .
we outchea bitch .
bitch .
nitemoogle ps blizzard makes the best games .
maple bacon come at me mkr httptcokeu7op5cit .
one said is first team most gives the yankees a through 2016 could slide to if needed too .
liveitupjersey ccass357 dont trash wouldnt last 10 minutes around here go back to watching .
thejadednyer oh well turns out that baby aint mine does jig .
wassup twitter wassup bitch .
thelmasleaze i did not mean because women do have body in some sports size etc .
the way i see it you bitches are fake by .
i texted u fag .
allen west amp the slippery slope of obamas pjnet ccot .
mkr .
yup especially since i start a 14 hour drive home in the morning .
dish sounds delish mkr .
plays next fri the in with charlie parr amp of uncle frank tickets 15 .
u still a mutt tho lol .
when u see a bitch that don8217t like u look at u8230 .
mkr .
yankees isnt that kind of saying the wont make it to the world series lol .
is so excited about his red brownie .
sings i killed that pussy she died with her eyes open .
yankees yankees their series sweep of the season and fourth at home .
ask tht bitch when she gon let a yung nigga blast tht ass .
im drunk im bout to a ride .
can i ask my bitch for other bitches .
the game beats 40 in la full video via youtube this bitch 40 cop cant be s8230 .
stunningstina we all know youre fucking a bitch right now lol .
gimme another beer bitch .
the lies on this here twitter you niggas wouldnt know grade a pussy even if it slapped you cross the face 8221 .
hoes get a boyfriend and swear they not a hoe anymore bitch having a boyfriend doesnt what happened before him you .
i cry foul mkr .
just as trash as the others fixed none of my issues sheseauxsaditty naw anyone download ios yet .
another ad seriously mkr .
leo doesnt like sharing but hes learning .
if you have to score strategically low to stay in the comp means you cant cook mkr feistyfoodies .
yknow if i keep making during it seems like that could make the press nervous i guess .
im so happy for sheri and emilie mkr .
poor sheri and emilie mkr .
chris brown got no chill button why sell a bitch out on social media tho like not even a buddy took time to8230 .
shes put the arm in the wrong way idiot mkr .
mommajjojo oh so basically we both will be your bitch all day of course .
billythathird copy my tweet again you .
bitch said best way to get over a man is to get under another one smh dats ah hoe for u .
its so damn hot in this bitch .
u know that pussy good when it sound like u mixing spaghetti when u hit it lol .
real niggas move in silence bitch niggas make a scene cuz they not really wit the violence .
fags god damn .
full redis is overkill for what im doing will try this out .
achussle when yall having a good day amp she brings up a bitch from twitter .
i doubt hell bother but despite his past actions no one should have to deal with shit like this .
i love liv when she gets ghetto .
kayliefarmer hey fuk them hoes they prolly already have it .
kingtunchi in 5 years these hoes aint gone be shit but a dick head .
my nigga know he a bitch .
all though it is amusing that gamergate wants to get on my nerves enough that they are willing to support spacekatgal  .
might have a better chance if we put some trash cans out there .
i always want to speak to ppl i converse with on twitter but they always look at me like bitch idk you in real life smh .
like my twat .
matthops82 in is a giant bitch .
just saw a lady that looks like honey boo mom goddamn that bitch is ugly .
got this bad spanish bitch .
on god yall hoes better get off my twitter .
when tyler the creator said rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome .
hanging out outside the across from gdc come say hi p .
bout to get some twitter bitches my twitter fame raising dawg .
im in a full suit bow tie and all at a restaurant amp called my frat a bitch ass myself bc im around white ppl staring at me lol .
naw bitch i aint meek .
cloud stay stealing peoples first she takes by saying friend then she takes mine by saying my nigg get your own my nig dam .
going to see movie i am so excited .
mkr a 7 for that dessert colin has just lost all credibility .
lol that hasnt worked well for black folks in the past they better bring a few crackers with um .
jusdahl i want so damn tired of being in the fucking kitchen a bitch is hot and needs a glass of wine and a back rub .
not really a fan of katieandnikki but wouldve rather they stayed than katandandre mkr .
fellas guess what we dont like to be asked why were looking mean its called resting bitch face we just look this w8230 .
it wouldnt be fair if u stay u cooked shit mkr kat .
mkr not watching this show now that kat and andre are through pathetic people with no dignity whatsoever mykitchenrules .
video charlie baker remembers tom .
did you smile like a retard when you were a kid it took me till like 5th grade before i learned how to naturally smile .
be a girl with a mind a princess with class amp a bitch that doesnt give a fuck .
binniemouse lmao i have morals negro unlike you .
not being able to afford blackmilk .
got all the hoes lol .
going to california today for some training going into dick wish i had a tan colored suit to wear for the flight .
you a hoe if you take a taxi to the club .
my trick is i wait for the bird to get close to the pipe and then tap the screen so you never hit your head .
1 good girl is worth 1000 bitches amp people still fail to realize that .
she remembers the dick lol and wants it again i recommend you shoot a bitch if she show up she might snap .
that beach from is so beautiful 128525 why do i live in bitch ass virginia while people get to live around such beauty year round .
i heard love dont love you by en at work lastnight shit as a bitch .
koleworld4 every time i come out im never with bitches .
omg all those girl teams and 2 couples hahaha poor kats husband and lloyd mkr .
yall can stop rting that shit too cuz im still gon eat there shouldnt have ordered the chicken dumb bitch .
these bitches act local and think global .
i just fell in love just saw the baddest bitch driving a 2014 coupe .
wodaeeex3 lol duhh but ima get my neck tomorrow so dont be mad hoe .
oh you didnt hit me boo boo bitches who got hit in the jaw .
3 years today i was a fucking retard and fell in love why was i so stupid wish i was .
and ima keep fuckn like i love this bitch .
9733 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope top rated spa 97337186220221 24 .
lmaoooooooo 80sbaby4life you woke up a faggot didnt you maxinbetha my nigga aint get since i was a sophomore b .
ion like the ho cause she talk to mf much with ha real butt ugly ass dumb young ass ho .
richhomiemeezy my internet aint get yet pussy .
can i bring anotha bitch or nah 1285278221 .
she said she aint tricking off on them .
brownbagpantry but sadly reporting just isnt the answer amp ignoring is the best way to go .
mala early days but looks exactly like what a lot of people have been wishing for nice work freebsdgirl a .
keeping these hoes happy .
if i can take your bitch was she ever really yours .
it seem like talked to 75 of all hoes 128514128514128514 nbs .
corny sex being having you wanna kill that bitch right then amp there .
i gotta bottle of liq at the crib when i get off im hitting dat bitch the liq dat is .
its been 5 years and this bitch still thinks im over how she did me over i dont think so .
niggas a buy a outfit to impress a 10 bitch .
new by in rome morning breakfast coffee trash httpt8230 .
helenaandvikki have you guys picked your winners for this year any mkr .
before and after i started playing flappy bird before .
who are the coolest women in internet marketing or general tech that you would love to read more about .
when tupac said i aint a killer but dont push me revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy .
good dick tattoos bitches like dat talk to dem any kind of way the bitches like dat .
tbt my precious gook baby .
tail light out not giving a fuck rollin up on a bitch wit da head lights off .
your hotpot dont mkr .
it might be niggas would really turn that pussy down .
im never cuffin unless my bitch grown or act grown i cant deal wit lil girls nbs .
pepperredbone yankees mets exactly by folks who cant favor to get into that lovely old stadium .
missing robert and wheres our cowboy mkr mkr2015 .
got ketchup on my swim sum bitch .
motion to replace hes just not that into you with you deserve better dump his ass or wow hes a shitty .
my moms a fucking cunt dude .
yo bitch want that vitamin d she lookin desperate .
kat gives me the absolute shits mkr .
has shown me most of .
two horny guys play with a sexy models pussy before they .
go cry about it like the little bitch you are .
sarahjeong yo do you know of a reliable of laws for each state .
this bitch is mad because her man cheated but she cheated too why you mad .
yesyouresexist thats sexist against both men and women .
finding a female wo a hoe record is like tryna find a nigga wo a felony .
mkr officially lost any respect for collin that i had left .
perezhilton the whole bunch of the trash needs 2 jus go away they r jus trash .
god bless those delusional bitches still trying to keep duck face alive .
now colon is calling for a punch mkr double punch from drasko and steve .
mkr the fat south africans are feeling hopeful .
mwlauthor i want bsdcan to add talks that takes that tape of the ceo time to use it .
i dont chase after dudes i chase after bitches .
smh ampamp its not bitches its bitch ass niggahs .
elgrillo1 off to the east of your current location on an slope dry side of a dry place .
ha ha look what this fag said lol .
versaceezy i aint gonna text first cus pride bitch .
saramariewelch cant mean something to someone when they hittin up otha bitches .
milfgaardian nrage pink after 1 week turquoise is a mix of special nrage pink holds very well .
i dont know why broads drunk dial sleep hoe .
worldstarfunny when you see a bitch nigga subtweet you .
paradoxicalmike im a ho and a slut .
msoltan18 koredeb9 i dont suck tho youre just mad because youre trash and i carried you you always had 0 points .
i hate bitches who thinks everyone wants their nasty ass like no 9995 youre not cute 128530 .
thats ghetto for super its the current best .
kelseytheodore2 freebsdgirl people like you are what give feminists a bad name gamergate is wrong but the best defense is not .
when the most youve got to throw at me is tweeting insults you dont really have any at all .
i tell the that bitch is ugly yeah her aunt and momma too i was gone lie about er but bro i had to tell the truth .
this bitch thincc she dress me 9995128514128557 .
128553 dawg pet is finding out a cute guy has hoes i automatically lose interest i dont .
all my young boys round me saying get money and fuck these hoes .
america is like a drunken redneck his fists around hes kind of funny but also your .
and hat pins will be back in fashion by the time this series ends mkr .
bretvondehl the new one or the of a bitch lucky .
you never invite me anywhere yet you bitch about it when i do it to you no .
see i gotta get this money ma itchin niggahs gossip like hoes most of them bitches .
will u love dat nigga even if he lose it all or will u dip like the groupie hoes searching for another .
entertain a ass niggah if you want too thats gon be yo niggah friendly ass 999665039 .
eevee we can tweet each other in all caps while we are at the pub if thats your thing .
i heard rumors of a vile hideous bitch named around w illegal aliens while vets get the .
give these hoes 20000 followers you got a whole new bitch .
girlthatsvonte these hoes be thinking meat wont slap they ass bruh .
ayo take this pic for me hoes gone like that one .
that damn mouth bitch in hell well wasnt a damn roommate damn rocks for brains man lol .
this work shit for the think it take 8 hours to do nothing .
if were together and you dont like that bitch i dont like that bitch either .
skawtnyc athenahollow twoscooters i dont tend to talk about it much p personal info .
me about suburban white white girl youre a ok u literally just proved my point .
the devil grows inside the hearts of the selfish and brown yellow and black color is not .
i cant get any work done if you keep showin off your bitches .
hoes will be hoes .
this one night i was tripping off brownies i put my running shoes on and i was still in it was 2am .
satoshiksutra popehat darktechmonitor freebsdgirl yes there is you stay in school .
they ban dat pussy for life amp he gotta pay 25 dollar fine .
osvaldovause this bitch about to get dragged lmfaoo omg .
ghetto gold needa be the first music vid .
isnt that the point pete appeal to the public mkr .
charlie sheen wants to return to two and a half men .
it is impossible for females to be players pimps etc theyre called hoes .
maniacmind nick504 am the bitch but u the one steady talking stfu and be bout shit hoe ass nigga .
real love hard to find when these bitches try to fake it with me .
you got dykes i got the .
need github but ty anyways .
fruit 2 o who tf does wohs think they are trynna a nigguh dat lame shit .
im getting tired of you telling what the fuck im doing every time im doing something lol peckerwood guy .
ion care who my niggas date b if the bitch make you happy and you cool with her then do you .
oh yeah especially winston niccas lmao vonshayeb spacejamteeg think i wont lol these niggas .
this bitch has no right to talk about fair and has no right to celebrate i hope that they crash and burn they dont .
oh wow surprised me that ash and camilla won peoples choice but it is well deserved mkr .
lifeasking lawd twitter will humble the fuck out of a hoe so quick .
how annoying is the skinny english bloke mkr .
why get attached to people when you can jump in a trash can and feel the same way .
watch to see thequinnspiracy just a few more minutes .
some niggah said to me lastnight .
the look on your face when you still dont get any .
my bitch work for fil and she says this is not real b dory to save a life .
nicca in my dm talkn bout follow his instagram lame nicca i now no longer follow you on twitter .
im flexing on niggas and they bitches .
sorry but who changed the channel to the next top model mkr .
cuz if its trash im bashing it at saying he need to go back to jail .
well damn lmaooo 171igiveemnathan it was the dyke in that picture she used to be a girl once up on a .
22edham hit that bitch with a bottle .
and here comes the kitchen hq crew mkr fourinhand fourinhandhotel .
that was not ok .
thats basically how a few orgs about me have responded .
quanb24 you bitch ass nigga .
this flappy bird game .
bitch you may have a million dollar body but you got a dollar menu face and a nugget pussy so you aint worth shit .
my hoes are your my wife is all mine .
nun but bad bitches link up tonight mansionelan finna go crazy .
srhbutts poor grimachu its not that he wouldnt date sjws its that my bot is the only sjw that will have a conversation with him .
michellemalkin in which i seattle ed poor memory of long history as a jihadi h8230 .
mkr omg there restaurant looks like a a little girls room oh my gosh .
ya lil dumb ass bitch ian .
ashley young has tried to deny that bird s landed in his mouth gt hahaha .
i just whipped up these homemade eggs while home being a cripple made with .
if someone has had a crime committed personally against them online the police arent likely to listen to anyone but them pendragontarot .
when you let go of all your hoes for one girl but she end up bein a hoe too .
except adderall is legal and i wasnt arrested for it next troll .
i bet we are gonna see 3 game player reviews too just because people are that much of a cunt .
tweetlikeagiri wow so the asked her to marry him and she kisses the other guy right in front of her rude ass bitch httptco8230 .
liveitupjersey yeah i seen you tweet about bitch amp block i used fits .
and the oxygen fall down from the mkr .
a hoe ass nigga and wen i see him ima smack him like da lil bitch he is 300 .
gidgitvonlarue mkr based on the crap served there should be four teams in the cook off .
you got niggas and i got bitches .
yeah but sting was already a proven draw this is apples and oranges he signs people with the sole purpose of them .
thevoiceofmiami miami pacdagoat houston has so many trash drivers .
i hate kat and andre from mkr mykitchenrules .
trash .
what u dont do another hoe will .
44binko voiceofdstreetz 128514128514128514128514128514 u a hoe 128557128557128557128557 .
poor mkr .
u know i came to stunt so drop that pussy bitch .
smoke good weed with a bad bitch .
please tell those cops that they are a bunch of coward little bitches and should not be allowed near weapons thanks .
some niggahs save hoes i aint that .
protect net neutrality comcast should not be the hands with cash dont you guys have a .
and hate em big booty .
senorsteez fuck wit us and then we tweakin hoe .
niggah im not yo lil bro the fuck .
you ever had a piece of pussy man that be on your mind like money .
faggots killed hello but whatever go ahead yourself into .
pussy put his ass to sleep .
damn bro ps4 trash lol .
tired of dealing with these hoes but my dick not .
that nail game is for da birds .
sschinke tehmaxh what are you talking about .
bt bitches ampamp niggahs always had there hand out .
we dont love these hoes .
ncweaver ive ran into getting them to respond which is weird their news orgs have written stories about me in the past .
many contestants makes a quickly loose interest mkr yes how many rounds were there .
money hoes cars and clothes .
firebomb173 you are debating someone named .
have their been any reports of an virus that turns apes seems like that kind of day .
yeah colin would be looking for more fat in his sausage mkr .
update three after german gay guy left in critical after being fag in .
j4cob xor oh good was really worried .
when you and your boys discover a hoe .
juliaferraioli purchased from sock dreams sadly p .
get head from hoes wit .
got these hoes got these niggahs talkin .
some rednecks just down the freeway .
ash and camilla is the peoples choice their dish were great mkr .
welcome to good burger home of the good burger can i fuck your bitch .
freddiegibbs lol always with the complaining and crying just like when jeezy broke up with you cause your a moaning old bitch .
whitethunduh thats where i get my yellow for being amazing hell yeah .
thats trash its ot .
he said that bitch look like a praying tho ctfu .
if i was stranded on a desert island and i could only bring 1 thing i would bring dora that hoe has everything in that backpack .
this class ghetto as hell .
kiefferjason bitch go get a life before i block your lame ass .
no more hoes n oz .
danny brown better put out more music before he that dude is out his fuckin bird .
die twice bitch thank you 128536 822007cannon divamonroe2uhoe youre the hoe of all time .
kinghorsedick lol youngtravo nigga like damn why would this bitch do this i helped your family move and the dryer almost .
just swing thats why i fucked yo bitch i can you say back to that .
bitch we .
proon i would rather have teeth pulled .
truth david is the charlie brown of scandal .
hoes even .
im going to miss that big nig .
smoke sum bitch .
one mans trash is 8594 .
well damn make her a single mother what if you finally get the pussy amp its garbage .
benkuchera i saw your face .
submersechill what mock account .
pacdagoat neck titties then pussy .
the bitch name was .
zfearless fuck a bitch and think of me .
trust a bitch i cant wife a bitch i cant .
you dont stretch cold muscles drasko amateur mkr .
rape you wont recognize the original of these fairy man wtf .
superspacedad im not going to retweet that that chick is mentally amp loves to post private its not ok .
get your nasty ass out of my snapchat bitch .
have you seen my shows have you seen my hoes if i wasnt hot would they be so thick .
i hate hashtag activism no lie i think 95 of it is trash .
there is such a diff between reality amp what certain contestants think of their cooking mkr .
lmao them bitches was the truth .
which world cup teams are jihadis rooting for vocativ .
i should be the only nigga my bitch texting right .
nytimes seems if they dont come up with it its trash nobody outside hollywood knows what ppl will pay to guess those in hw dont .
ya gots to sass it mkr .
this might be my favorite tweet by rogue ever because he assumes my twitter handle is my unix login .
transition glennf spacekatgal thats the one .
what a bitch .
seeing warrenleighttv getting hell likely miss this if anyone is in contact whim tell him abt ggautoblocker lawandordersvu .
time for the comeback pussies .
happy birthday bob the legend turns 85 today .
that bitch you love when she comes but hate when she goes .
had that yeah i kno she pussy whipped that other nigga into putting a ring on it 128564128564 .
my apologies oh wait its my fucking birthday bitch 128521 .
damn joe buck just making it sound like was trash when he played for the royals chill out joe .
yankees shouldnt even bother to show up to boston man just fold the cancel baseball .
why do i have the worst bm in the world smh this bitch the devil .
joebudden she8217s not a hoe cuz she had sex before bro lol .
happy valentines day bitches play this while you get laid .
mykitchenrules bring back that complete lowlife deadbeat asshole adam so we can send twitter into meltdown mkr .
dude live next to me be hitting some ugly ass hoes got damn .
charlie is bae .
have the pancakes been activated mkr .
it me how people talk the trash about someone then turn around and be close smh people probably do it8230 .
the the eyebrow the the bitch .
three little birds .
bobbybotsods fuckthemallcops uncleunco mrmooncricket fuck off bitch .
oh man this could be a serious first ever chanel bag chanel bags .
bout to ride my horse to come fuck yo em tho .
kinghorsedick if he tell u that u got some good pussy but he never try to hit again what that mean .
first the white bitch wanna ask extra questions amp shit amp be a lil bitch about everything with her skinny ass .
im such a bitch .
its a band negro .
just looked at a news story and thought to myself is she fucked up some kinda way because i am 12 hillbilly .
buckm00se ericmariners whiteponyjr jc1221 this faggot is a lil attention whore fuck him mute .
mmm mmm potato rosti fried on a fingers down throat mkr .
the internet will make you think these bitches are who theyre actually not .
bags bags thats that bag money trash bag black and its filled up with money .
kat your sour face is mkr mykitchenrules .
the will cool it down faster ladies mkr .
mcmahoniel theres a lot of sarcasm and in this group especially of terms text filters just dont work .
talking like he bag bitches .
lmao yo a out nigger boy .
ive got the best friends a functioning retard could have .
im still going trick or treating thats free munchies bitch .
single ladies vs cuffed hoes .
ima keep on giving these pussy ass niggas ah reason to hate .
bitchniggaalexx bitches be talking about they ride or die with every nigga they talk to bitch you done died like 8 times already .
what is this shit mkr .
you gotta fuck every race just to see which you like the thot .
i feel like a swag fag w this shirt lmao .
after you get good pussy you be feelin like you just found the last dragon ball .
you want i got twenty bitch .
lawd i got so many bitches i dont even know .
did miguel just leg drop a bitch from the top rope .
asking the govt to cure is like asking retards to cure .
girlziplocked whelp im starting to get a pretty decent platform im going to get his face out there alright lt3 .
kat amp andre should be disqualified as theyre giving people low scores on purpose mkr mkr2015 .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx anal hardcore british queer anal pounding .
i would love to eat meatballs next time im at the library or disneyland lloyd cock mkr .
a lot of you are new followers since november so i think this bears a my story httptcosurqwcliou .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx latina latina with tight pussy .
128514128514128514128514 i hate you cyrus ho is a rookie slut getting the cash after the date nope nope nope .
no shit here bitch .
the awkward moment when youre changing in the gym and your penis head slips through the slit of your .
guycodes scientists recently discovered that bitches do in fact be trippin .
it aint nothin to cut that bitch .
gozleme pronounce it properly mkr .
femaies nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit .
are you kidding just lost my fave program take a belt to that bitch .
mkr someone should have served chicken liver baby food guaranteed 10 right like a recipe created by pete .
this being single shit is really trash especially when you aint got nobody to text after midnight .
joclark6 an just dont be a hoe about it haha .
i can tweet about eating some pussy but the moment a woman tweets about sucking dick she a hoe slut o8230 .
lol shid who got one boy my ass lonely as a bitch you cuffed up aint ya .
8220davethebrave1 watching on bro you a for stealing my tweet bitch ass nigga .
sounds like a bad bitch .
my pussy pops severely and yours dont .
128557128557 kinghorsedick welp the prettier bitch usually loses lol this is science .
i swear be gettin a nicca bout to start reading my own damn meter .
my friends are some bitches 1285148221 .
where was robert amp mkr .
this bitch think he care about her .
3 bud and 4 well shots at the bar tn plus im giving away a trip to vegas so if youre not a cunt come visit me at st .
heres a thought that would be fairly easy to that lets you get to mentions you received from blocked users .
bitch i got the beef links .
sfthewolf max2000warlord no worries the whole you scare easily is seriously the most hilarious thing ive seen all day .
everybody thats still on facebook ghetto or pregnant idc .
what is twitter even for lmao this hoe wack af .
after watching celine and her mother cook ive decided to avoid greek food like the mkr .
mailonline see dis what happens when a colored man move into neighborhood he aint been sick fo 10 days .
just straight like that no chaser and the bitch was a solid five on her wedding day my nigga .
ok so not all the shows on cartoon network are complete trash universe is .
bulls still not winning the title with this bland ass offense pau still a pussy no darkskin niggas in the starting line u8230 .
why even get pregnant by someone that isnt an never will be fit to be a dad smh stupid stupid hoes .
if i couldnt trust some of the homies how could i trust these cant lol .
dont know no ugly bitches dont know no broke .
bitch you knew i was on your trail 8212 .
oh my in a with for a planet .
hey bitch .
few instagram likes a bitch swear dat she on .
if i were a kid obamas lunch would wind up in the trash can .
nice girls bad make me get naughty bad hoe real nice body down south chick like em real thick .
tough words pete from someone whose paleo cook book for babies was just pulled due to the possibility of babies mkr .
do bitches still love sosa .
and vice versa 910 he has hoes .
ive done a lot of public speaking but never a keynote this is going to be awesome  .
chilblane this is a museum piece sir .
dallyjackson im here now hoe .
i am listening to this right now and it is .
ugliest bitches ive ever seen 128514 .
bad bitches an good weed .
can be such pussies thought you believed in self defense yet you want a peaceful .
just straight ignorant bitches .
making up drake repmycityx cant wait to call it trash and tell everyone that b l u will be the goat out of la .
only hoes cheat .
thank you so much it was a bitch move of her to pull but thank you 1008465039 .
random running dogs in the ghetto .
only the family in my eyes n bitch they rite .
dnt play with yo girl heart thats why her pussy there for .
just landed in the flight was as as a bitch .
its not mkr .
yeah needs to get fucked up with this fuckin water proof galaxy got down the bitch an shit .
i dont understand how you can be such a bitch .
firebomb173 andaasonsan not the first time its happened that was probably the worst though .
madamecrystalb stop calling her a bitch crystal voice .
sexist and racist what a catch .
ive only watched of this trash and i feel like i just wasted some valuable minutes of my life that i can never get b8230 .
u want a big to wash ya rims lls i expect a chick at da bikini car wash to rid my rims of all brake dust .
and i used to be a tech i have some idea of how the press works but thanks for the clear of mansplaining .
all the snacks in this bitch 128516 .
colonelkickhead i thought pete was camp enough for anyone mkr .
that1guyjeff fuck them bitches i hope navy beat em this week thejournalist44 trail .
do your dick hang low do it to and fro can you tie it in a can you stick it in a hoe .
no in the im not retarded .
i hate when bitches think you expect something in return for buying them a cheap ass gift or food this is my life let me live .
i swear its the huge bitches that think they the baddest .
does have freckles on her pussy too .
my lakers are going to be so trash this season i cant wait .
huffingtonpost obama i will always do what is necessary to protect the american people and defend against threats to our ho8230 .
mykitchenrules omg they have been double sasweethearts mkr i hope u guys will win good luck .
ivanrabago looks ghetto as fuck .
damn he was my bitch for eddie johnson teams last year .
theonlyreed or later ya pussy gon the truth lets hope its not while im in it cause ima kill u .
how ugly bitches take selfies 128557 .
is prolly gon be trash the nigga she made it with is ugly .
ive been tryin to tell niggas lesbian porn have the finest bitches .
what isnt p .
you are a hoe hoe amp a hoe .
dumb ass bitch .
i fucking love ash hahaha mkr .
why do i play these scary pc games cuz im not a pussy and i like being scared .
whats with petes face looks like hes been mkr .
hbcufessions all these hoes want is sum good dick amp attention all .
the full body project by leonard nimoy .
squak squak squak bird shut that was an act of .
holinka youre both awesome thank you for your work .
aint got time for no mufuckin fake friends smoke weed fuck hoes nigga drank gin .
damn you kat amp andre hope karma comes around and bites you in the arse mkr it will im a in karma .
mkr game on hungry campers .
yeah right yeah right this guys a faggot .
some of yall gorgeous women aint so gorgeous when we realize you got a ugly bitch attitude .
fear no bitch .
chiefs fans are the only ones that claim my takes are wrong about dogshit trash alex smith .
predictable sudden death but thats not the judges fault mkr .
if you killed a bitch with your dick .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
huntermoore bitch looks like spongebob .
i got no interest in tall skinny model bitches i like my women with some ass amp hips .
hey morons at foxnews and was it political when bush raised terror threat right before the election lmao at u teabaggers .
oh ya these hoes think they cute in skin tight cat assuming that they bodies to to .
i dunno i think pc is okay callout imo has more to do with public which pileons .
this bitch in wit hella face tats she a female duddy 128527 .
my we get to see captain salty farm more salt thursday and her i mean first mate do nothing at all mkr .
ily hoe cheer up .
sorryimalex wake up you little bitch and follow me .
has double vision after 2 double pussy 128526 smh .
svl305 since we on the subject she used to always ask to to see my dick via dm fck dat rat face hoe b .
my neighbors hate me cuz i smoke weed and blast the most ghetto music from my room .
jus need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down .
128546 a bitch that dont like you always gone think you ugly .
how u know u dont get real life pussy only bout her your dms she can enter my dms anytime .
my hair is trash i need to put a on it but that takes so much energy that i dont have .
damn i hate a bitch that like to argue and shit .
dumb ass hoe .
girlfriend fasho pussy ho some mo pussy dont lose your fasho pussy tryna get some mo pussy amp end up with no p8230 .
a old school ho tho .
whenever i see a pic ghetto i log off for 25 minutes .
yg is the voice behind on the beat hoe .
some yummy camping food on mkr tonight and some not so good food .
doesnt really surprise me ughh yet another thing i wont be attending driving more industry women away good job .
viribracefacee dont raise ur hand to me niggah .
today did my hair and makeup he always tries to make me look like a monkey .
why would it .
amp the hunters anthem goes al we will go hi ho the dairy o al we will go .
we gotta get like 20 heads to go everyone brings tree some bring food bitches and liquor of course .
homework and date with .
you hoes aint leaving a aint shit nigga bc hes yo aint shit nigga n you dont want the other hoe to win .
i seen hoe some niggas at the too 128514128514128514 .
i wasnt born last night i know these hoes aint right .
yumchaaddict mmmm watching foodie tv now lisamromano garydlum much better than .
dont like liver mkr mkr2015 .
you pussy nigga i see ya .
if ya bitch always bitching clearly she care or just an annoying bitch .
lol what a fake bitch .
no time for bitch niggas .
sad to see the girlz go best of luck boyz more ur thing mkr .
staycoolwheels bloggerboxing because hillbillies like sports to .
kiefferjason hunterbuch66 sbsylvester u fucking trailer trash .
friendlyassh0le if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe .
just like girls cant be a hoe guys cant hit a girl back its a double standard that will forever exist .
exactly so shes a bitch .
you ready to make this stats test our bitch .
fail to realize that pressure has nothing to do with the first amendment .
colin is such a i actually love him i said i wasnt gonna watch anymore but colin mkr .
may 1st amendment for rest of internet .
over bitches trying to act like i own them a picture .
oh thank god sheri amp emilie mkr  .
look at this fucking only a nigger .
whine whine whine says my faggot ass cream is takin shot from barrybonds is that it .
6thgrader it doesnt matter who i make out with in spin the bottle because i only invite the hottest bitches to play .
if i ride up to your bitch in these consider yourself a single nigga .
im sick as fuck this shit is for the birds .
the pancake people were definitely on the right track that would appeal to adults and more kids mkr .
still in bitches dms .
n i cant even enjoy the reg house hunters which is 1 of my fav i know house hunters international bitch ass comes on next .
possible kickstarter reward i will personally dye your hair your bright color of choice .
great shot a deer in my joke robert now tell us the one about the guy with a wooden leg named smith mkr .
i was wearing bucket hats before you basic bitches .
these shoes are going to be a bitch to break in tomorrow .
datafran yeah ive dropped paperwhite tons of times on my floors no problems voyage im more concerned about .
tweets is the worst .
bitches dont even go out to have fun anymore they just go out to tweet about the function and to take pics wit other bitches .
shoutout to this bitch for unfollowing me like i didnt noticed you like my pics just to unlike .
white feminists need to focus on calling out men in a higher position of power than themselves lets keep focus here .
rise of the planet of the apes doin a .
1markusa he knows game hes just gonna make it as small of a loss as was 1 of don juan hoes off jump httpt8230 .
tylar ion sneak diss on broke bitches .
if all you gunna do is bitch then take ya ass home .
i just wanna cuddle with my boyfriend under a fuzzy blanket amp drink hot tea and have my hair played with so i can go to bed .
dont make direct eye contact with cats nothing lol im going out west to .
qanda but how could you hold 2 jobs amp still catch up with mkr every night .
mykitchenrules mkr the girls are bringing some to the table .
every bitch got a nigga that she gone always fuck with no matter what .
feb 18 was a record setting day for the word faggot apparently .
seven digits niggas two commas hoe .
sometimes i hate az amp sometimes i love it depends on the time of year i amp the dumb bitches that live here .
kat survived is this real life mkr .
wheres the girl i could pack this bowl with i know u out there hoe quit playing .
new bitch already and its the second episode .
we dont love these hoes i only want one night .
is a bitch for not letting me borrow his charger .
new avi bitches be weak .
new .
bitches have me like .
bitch aint fall down or nothing bet she can take more licks than you no .
to my dumb ass mom amp just getting my eyebrows done at a new place the bitch fucced them up amp i have picture day tomorrow 128529 .
it looked like colin fourinhand just turned up to the prom without a date mkr mykitchenrules .
kids a bitch .
u bitches aint paying my fuck you .
5 bags of chips 3 rice 3 3 a pop tart some crackers 3 and a water im good lol .
justdoitslow vintagemonroe scary told to come to her house to fight her and wont even open the door wtf scary ass hoe .
this bitch forehead who lied to her amp approved this shit 128514128514128514 .
laurenjauregui so your a dumb bitch .
camilla was like mkr .
fuck wit us and then we tweakin hoe shmurda .
basically do you shrugs so if youre worried about being a ho or looking like one good luck .
tylar 1stblocjeremiah shut up hoe ass nigga .
damn liltunechi amp chrisbrown fire flowers for the ladies amp dick for the hoes lol .
im absolutely disgusted kat and andre dont deserve to stay in this competition they didnt vote strategically they flat out cheated mkr .
when the pussy so good amp u forget to pull out .
so to dodge them niggas dont brag dont dont flash for hoes dont so low thats how u end in like u answered wrong .
you know a girl is a hoe if her instagram isnt private .
whiteponyjr ericmariners jc1221 peace out then faggot .
cancel that hoe it aint nothing to cut that off .
go girls mkr .
build a bear build a bitch .
man bitches love punch line .
all dese yung niggaz pussy .
promises were made bitch you are now my .
im making a tshirt it says the white trash slut i wish i was for girls with shitty tasted in music .
ill break that lil bitch neck and wont even feel sorry about it savage .
sounds like my girlfriend when shes not in the kitchen notsexist .
idntwearcondoms your girl swear u cheating until u fuck a bitch for real then its omg how could u .
change the game on u .
another major in the jihadi circles al hardcore jihadi asks specifically for relief amp aid release .
if a bitch annoying she getting left .
boys dont wanna seem like bitch thats why they dont express feelings like us females do .
that pussy is never yours its just your turn remember that 128175 .
i must be a bitch8221 you are 128514128514128514 sike naw this why we always beefing 128514 .
suekennedy19 squishilicious deconstructed vomit mkr .
true but then again im my opinion a hoe is someone who goes and sleeps with everybody .
what a broke niggah gone tell her .
i hate a im pregnant type of bitch .
lvl7eevee unicorncowboy hisorraya ill trade you one car for brownies .
128073 id rather be called nigger than a uncle tom or a mark .
hey boy this half breed is on your ass .
single moms got that proven pussy8221 lol fckd up but .
themirai sirgoldenrod sloshedtrain2 srhbutts blockbot isnt even my code ggautoblocker is blockbot is by someone else .
mykitchenrules my crap tastes better than the shit kat amp andre served up i wouldnt feed it to a dead cat cheats mkr mkr2015 .
dizzybala whoa calling me a cunt .
phishlicia i got weed come over faggot .
do you think the guinea pig was okay .
i hate retention policies and in statsdgraphite ughhhh .
get me a bag of those pink n white coloured van please thanks dude .
bitch dont talk yo shit then say you on papers when a bitch trinna get down 9995128514128557 you a straight fag bitch foe dat scary ass hoe .
ash amp the brunette one peoples choice mkr .
andreafaulds yes and yes .
yall bitches should be girlfriends for halloween since yall been all year .
all theses hoes on me they so 128534 .
colonelkickhead another bloody instant restaurant week seriously they just jumped the shark riding two other by .
i likes me dem mexican hoes day suck me off for 5 .
he said bitch boy 128514 .
how deep fried sweet tea on a graham cracker crust at state fair of texas via .
how can u be happy abt still being in the competition coz u scored strategically n not coz u cooked well katandandre mkr .
kylecrilly92 actually are pretty fucking awesome thanks enjoy your less sensitive awkward hunk of flesh tho .
momma didnt raise no bitch .
gabbys a bitch and has three accounts .
awill2reckless bruh did go out like a bitch thoe lol that should not be his final match .
buckm00se i didnt spoil anything amp you should have been watched it nigger nig nog .
republicans want to food stamps from the hungry may 16 2 p2 .
mistakes are showing up late for work running red lights or even forgetting 2 take the trash out this here aint 1 httpt8230 .
stay safe out there charlie .
bshiznitt fuck you bitch .
man why the ugliest bitches talk the most .
taco bell is super trash when youre sober .
yo im not a bitch but dont take my order right and i will fucking become one .
a girl who getting it in school and work i you yall the real bitches yall doing what you do and doing it well .
vicky and celine are the other team in sudden death no surprise there although it would have been nice if it was kat and .
hoes aint shit when it comes to ah loyal woman .
i dont take people niggas bitches dont play about they niggas they baby daddies bs .
they hv of on the soles of them they would feel good on ur dick .
8220viridoesitt kissin small lips is trash lol8221 yessssss .
say my fuccn name hoe .
is the best pokemon feature ever i just got a level 27 japanese for a level 4 beginning area trash pokemon .
jaredchase ah hah shows how often i pve ive just been doing lfr as shadow .
bitches been so long when they get exposed to something decent they get overwhelmed .
drummerkid0328 wbpooh3x that fat bitch ruined everything 128514128514 fuck it though i was super burnt .
because their is trash .
have you two even thought about the way you acted through this round mkr scores arent surprising .
just onto mkr someone is claiming they are serving up food that they cooked what did i miss .
righteouz that bitch should be in jail for that .
german gay guy left in critical after being fag in .
it aint nothin to cut that bitch off .
these bitches be pretty amp stupid .
kat you truly are a bitch and the lowest form of a human being the only saving grace is that the other teams can cook mkr .
barackobama make weed legal you pussy you know you smoke that shit .
yay robert and lynzey and sheri and emilie are back mkr .
still trash .
the person below didnt get a big booty hoe .
that other shit for the birds get over yo self .
another round of instant restaurants mkr this competition should finish sometime in .
ass peter you just fucking the bitch i dont like her voice .
tobyfee justkellyok but use a ending or my brain plz .
where are all the on why kids call themselves trash and garbage these days .
i pissed alotta ppl off on fb i was flooding the next target them hoe ass texans .
we cant be cool if you gonna be a little bitch all the time .
taxstone i spray on the seat after bitches use it i aint had that much trust in females since sam met .
yesallwomen because the time i shouted at a strange drunk man on the bus to leave me alone everyone instead of speaking up .
nothing worse than a raw .
but who is me talk about the next bitch flexing 128170 i done don it before .
patricechienne pony from annie with sauce mkr .
probably yeah by most accounts he has the personality to handle it though and he can wear a yellow suit if he puts up points .
tonycranshaw22 almightyvinny richhomiemeezy bitch stop .
i really want a sports star to get a pet monkey and name him .
if i had a dollar for everytime someone confused theblockbot with ggautoblocker i could pay for blizzcon .
maple bacon wins every time mkr justsaying .
xdsmooth follow back bitch .
cuz pussys only pussy man i get it when i need it .
skawtnyc amaninblack chriswarcraft ill contact ks directly using my social network .
damn thot i blocked ur fuzzy butt have now 128541 .
if you one of my hoes make yourself known .
dr made android 18 to destroy da world das sum bitch nigga shit i would program a girl android to gimme sum neck .
stephenatwar the image is from qanda amp feminism like gamergate amp mkr .
cbmarie bitch omg i jus saw one of em yesterday im in disbelief i by like oh thats court bro now im lost .
i cant even .
this is fucking retarded .
how do you photoshop yourself and still be ugly thats like cheating on test and still failing be ashamed bitch .
i encourage your to listen to what you just said oh lets appeal to the male authority right .
honestly i kind of get offended when people ask me if my eyelashes are fake fake eyelashes arent this long bitches .
in this bitch and washington space .
im glad you hoes aint my momma .
urbanengiish these hoes aint loyal women of this generation cannot be trusted .
im a westside niggah so you know im rockin wit game .
crying to the that some americans dont like you amp might call you names we call that being a crybaby bitch .
justezzzee bitch you look like one of the characters off of street which yo ugly ass .
spacekatgal oh darn you cant shoot .
davegetnmoney we dont want no skinny bitches get out we want big booty bitches .
adolfhibsta ive seen a number of bitches on here say theres no such thing as loose pussy lol ok .
hoes be like im a virgin .
not fond of the idea of creating features with a money barrier .
when hoes call other hoes hoes .
thetrudz this isnt about rosie defending buddy ensler its about itself being challenged clearly has never .
come on sheri and em you cant go to sudden death love you xx good luck mkr mkr2015 .
im not a misandrist but men are all hey i can do anything you can but theyre always whining for help raising children and cooking .
does krislisisms you niggas switch up your opinions like faggots .
8220whitethunduh why does nobody believe me when i say im a virgin wtf8221 no you aint hoe .
mil and its cause of romo bitch ass dez amp not eating .
its scheduled up already tho bitchesgt one tweet and hes got out there making fun of baseball .
these ratchet hoes are something else this school smells like a fucking zoo .
thats my nig nog .
i found your arm in that trash and your leg in the mud down by that should consider keeping better track of your .
yea you bad but hoe so what .
and now lookin ass niggas and lookin ass bitches will be the terms of 2014 will be amp abused in every fucking way .
this is why my mother isnt allowed to make brownies .
i like you .
etsy bans use of washington nfl team name and logo .
cowboys are the best in the nfc about time these faggots got their shit together .
yes i have a selfie camera .
is someone mad why are you so mad oh wait never mind i lost interest .
thereal2raw brah falls out white bitches crazy .
should i expect good pussy or good but not good for you pussy from a .
oh my there was an oreo baked into that chocolate chip cookie surprise .
im trying to come back as a fine ass bitch next lifetime .
yasssss bitch yasssss 128525 .
ill find you a ride but its no pussy shit and that was some pussy shit .
fucking over your guaranteed pussy trying to get some more pussy will end you up with no pussy .
you trippin bitch 128533 .
when you try to tell grandpa that 70s music was trash .
im not defending ray rice but that double standard is a bitch aint it .
the little bitch nervous because he not tweeting anymore .
its my birthday nobody cares bitch .
when the day goes bad just tell yourself were the pussy at 128514 .
its clear who the are mkr .
aids aint all dat bad you can become da hoe and do da crack and aint gonna make no difference .
happy bro happy ho happy husband key to marriage u of c study thinks so .
put the redskins in your starting lineup instead of the be fun they said .
honestly couldnt remember whether tim wise or was the shitty ally i was supposed to hate but now its easy both .
see thread for more info on how this is .
anastasiapacana i trusted you queer cakes wheres the passion she made me do it dammit .
benpobjie so have 18 down to 14 in just a few short mkr knife fight in the car park wouldve been better .
i take a bitch to she better not speak to another nigga while the meal still in her system .
bae go talk to your other hoesme .
wanna marry me somebody tell them hoes to see therapy .
dont no nigga want an bitch let me repeat that not one .
this is the opportunity to prove ourselves like we didnt the first time er yeah thats the spirit mkr .
ericwithahotdad bitch im done with school .
but i aint mad at her prejudice dad thats the best damn pussy i ever had .
that pussy came gift wrapped .
lisamromano the ever charming kat has a moment of humour mkr .
if you want me to expose some more bitches .
i really need to take my rose colored glasses off though i gotta stop thinking everybody does shit with good .
run it in her pussy like a crash dummy .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx hairy 21 year old hairy pussy cumming on fingers .
i got my dawg norris some blue flames for his bday dat bitch couldnt even drink it but u no pop ass it .
no one has even eaten a twinkie in like .
u do realize when you say omg my ex lol it makes you seem like a creepy little cunt that cant seem to .
how about a charles in charge movie with as charlie and ryan gosling as buddy .
hypocritical little bitch .
fuck you niggah im cold amp my said no more throwing people in so im going to take a shower 128524 .
where the fuck were you this summer bitch .
we been passed dem niccas yrs ago fr .
why is all the pastry around the sides of the mkr .
pretty sure doesnt get men on the daily so i could give a flying fuck about pr for feminism jesus .
ignore the sunburn p .
amp its sad cause niggas will have a good girl amp do her wrong its hard finding a good bitch out here forreal .
men are the ones that are going to push the real change they are the ones in power generally we need their help .
drop it a day early fuck niggas need to hear it now was so hard thats trash compared to .
miley cyrus kinda looks like a retarded care bear .
i was throwing beer bottles on street and yelling at drunk homeless people to stop harassing the trannies .
i dont understand why they mad at her making a track that spoke about you all the hoe amp bitch tracks about females .
mt89 here is one i recently .
is key to closing the life gap mkr2015 mkr .
protesters in ferguson after getting hit by tear gas from police .
quinnaemoon the of the internet make it even worse minor online get normally .
not finna play with the bitches lmao .
everybody claim they fvck with bad bitches but all the ugly bitches getting somebody .
when robinson cano left the yankees they were selling his jersey for 25 when aaron went to jail they sold his for 10 .
kanyebreast but bitch u fine tho sheseauxsaditty ive been old all my old ass life and thats fine .
mrmooncricket fuckthemallcops jimtalbot1963 theharris338 work is something adults do for money not borrow from money broke bitch .
aint no broke bitches standing next to .
consequences of the current fed regulations of food thrown in the trash hungry kids .
my take on twitters safety update propaganda doesnt give clear info on what these new actions are .
you aint got no hoes lil youre a lil guy .
without the hoes it was gonna be hard for us to pick out good women so hoes you doing a good job keep on hoeing .
its funny how these white boys wanna act like theyre ballin till it comes time to ass crackers .
girlziplocked ameliagreenhall he didnt worry about me back then since then ive been published everywhere hes trying to .
ripvuhsace i took this after i ate a darkskin bitch pussy the other day .
if my anger it would be a fucking bomb to blow this bitch up .
it wus yo fat ass that filled out the application to work there not me bitch .
the was a boon 4 virginiacity as it grew 2 20000 ppl amp became 1 of the amp .
i hate when bitter bitches try to take away someones happiness .
that bitch was worried about fines fuck you my best friend got jumped by 6 cock suckers fines should be the least of your worries .
so bummed the chicks on mkr are using such a great name for their restaurant sassy iq .
go die in a hole bitches 9996 .
ballout057 free hoe .
get some sleep pussy .
lynn i would have scored them a 2 mkr .
yankees you may cry after watching the derek jeter gatorade ad .
bleacherreport video derek jeter hits a walkoff single on his final atbat at yankee stadium .
lebron a with a at the awards .
hey that party at gdc right after promoting not cool .
i would never hit a woman but i would slap a hoe .
caelang15 that nigga was eating that hoe lol .
i fucked your little sister last pussy was right the pussy was tight .
8220friendlyassh0le you fat bitches needa stop biting your lips when you take pictures yall look hungry not .
urbancraziness nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit .
jzolly23 everybody knows that bitches love mullets .
this clip is 11 minutes listen to it listen to it listen to it stopwadhwa2015 .
lilaerii lightskin mf ight white bitch lol .
cost 250 brandnewandrew 8220itsnotharold i aint buying no pussy i got too many followers for that8221 u in vegas dont miss .
chanelisabeth bitch .
chill tweet you dont like bitches wit short hair ya mentions gon be full of this .
go jac amp shaz love the pancakes they look great mkr .
i feel sorry fo niggas dat gtta make up shit to lie about i would hate to have to think that fuckin .
so to this hoe tonight ol hating ass .
thats really low mkr .
some men say they8217re afraid of having daughters bc they don8217t want them to turn into or we .
man aunt is a royal bitch .
17 as much as i didnt like katie amp nikki in their first episode ive begun to hate kat amp andre so much more over the .
raised round real niccas no .
i just saw a man have a actual conversation with his bird haha .
thoughts of her were good from sight and the worst when she opened her of the story is they look sweet but these hoes sour bruh .
sportscenter cant the yankees make some last weeks moves .
yo that nigga at was lying 128514128514128514128514128514 had yall bitches calling him ya mcm and all how do u back to you bob .
sibbysoyabean i have several of that i love .
majority of the hoes on this gram .
the price is wrong bitch .
when u finger a bad light skin bitch .
yep lmao its been a few weeks waddup ho .
i swear new bitches here me rap and its a wrap .
lmfaooo ghetto ratchet bitch got pushed and played sleep .
robsan9993 ha lol like at horny bitch lol .
if you aint got shit goin for ya self what bitch gone want .
hoes suck my dick cus i look like john hit em wit the luke i am your lilbthebasedgod .
but i cant wait til the day a bitch try me .
niggas bitches bitch ass niggas dike ass hoes black ass and bright ass hoes fag tags and scally .
why why why fake rigged mkr .
ill be a bitch if i have to i dont like to be but fck with me and itll happen .
8220norapist on my way to fuck ur bitch mckinley719 .
downtown bitch at a man yeah thats ball game teddy gettin in we hit .
actually youre 100 wrong .
doesnt make it any less doesnt make me love her any less but she doesnt need to know about all of it she couldnt handle it .
had to block that bitch soooo .
timbs straight trash though .
i look at all these mkr meals and wonder how many stopped for a afterwards .
theomaxximus fuck up pussy .
cheuya for white men outrage amp rage of the marginalized are a curious to be poked at amp until they can in .
stfu u make me sick lonely desperate bitch .
i was enjoying nicki song anaconda until she said fuck skinny bitches lol nah bitch fuck you .
davidam23 get downstairs and play me im fifa bitch .
bitch .
lmao dylan just got called a pussy by mr o himself takes skill .
she was a bitch anyway .
how hard is it to be humble mkr .
nowthatsfresh the club tweet fucked another niggas bitch last night lol successful nite you the tweet amp laugh that w8230 .
my nigga feel good to not have no hoes yall cant even throw that charge my way no more .
you thought i was playin when i cut that bitch off .
fuck you bitch .
hope the campers judge katandandre strategically mkr .
its unfortunate because id like to leave twitter as an available to gamergaters that have been targeted .
you talk like a fag and your shits retarded but thats cool lots of out there living total kickass lives .
when u see that bitch in 5 months like yea im having a boy bitch u was twerking on dicc on vday .
ladies if your head game better than your pussy .
it is fun watching gg trying to make us fight quit trying to make happen its never going to happen spacekatgal thequinnspiracy .
lebron gone dunk that hoe like that with ease .
idk who tf amp are but im glad they got bitches twerkin for the vine in they whips .
on point .
almightyvinny tonycranshaw22 richhomiemeezy the hoes be by my house we be at tony spot mf .
mkr where are the americans and the .
she said to bring a bitch of mine 128514128514128514 .
yesallwomen have male oppression as the background of their lives from .
he see the jig .
twist in the plot the bottom 2 teams leave i think everyone would be happy mkr .
extra hard for these hoes .
dragonflyjonez you men are trash if your homeboy is cheating and you dont tell his and break up their family .
girls be tripping with that you got hoes shit i do know other girls that are my friends .
international law enforcement operation disrupts shylock banking malware pcworld international law enforcem .
im not ready to see yall hoes tweet new year new me 128546 .
lilbthebasedgod i only eat free pussy lil b .
my god mother thinks im a stoner because she has someone watch my tweets lmfao no ya boy clean as nikki minaj pussy .
callmerenee bitch u 1 .
we do but i do encourage calling out sexism under any twitter handle .
i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch would she already did gonna have to handle this 128522 .
lying bitch .
atheistraven yesyouresexist well in context of quality of the show hes not wrong .
none of these things im about to tell you are 100 accurate just mostly accurate there are always .
i know that feel .
mwlauthor oh hahaha i suspect its because i type really fast new keyboard and all p .
randiebooks i checked the but i dont even fucking put men in here .
lmao it ike that nowadays .
if you not lickin toes you a basic bitch and i cant fuck with a basic bitch .
mykitchenrules another round of instant restaurants haha  mkr .
i feel like a bad bitch when i wear my pocket jeans .
when joey said traded in my nikes for a new mic i guess its safe to say he sold his soles for a new life ht8230 .
rvm3o bitch boy .
ive got a birds eye view of all the secrets you keep .
these kikes promoted by creating this film what was their they just promote their .
im sure your middle school teachers think youre just charming .
gidgitvonlarue mkr there are more crap dishes than good ones oh thats right its my kitchen rules silly me .
robin thicke doing too much to get paula back that pussy had to have been .
garcialaura haha ya hit that hoe right there .
so this is the woman who was a bird then turned into a woman from the sky in .
yo if you get like over 25 of flappy bird you need to do some self because you probably have no life .
let me see them titties bitch ice cream .
not into to impress these bitches or niggas .
you absolutely must read .
currently sitting down wishing a bitch .
cause youre a sexy bitch .
hibye uglyassayekay ugh i fuckin hate when this bitch dont answer my calls hibye ugh i hate her .
thesounddefense freebsdgirl you will never ever find anyone the sexual history of a male developer .
trash too but twitter said he was good .
in my opinion every bitch gay .
record number of gozleme in one statement mkr .
they really know how to drag a show out with mkr .
8220whatido y though really hoe u the dummy taking a pic .
good piece but lets think of a new title poc are still fighting for their civil rights not time to yell next .
karlosbudah gone kill me bitch nigga dont be a girl about 128076 .
them mad bitches where the glad ones at .
yall bitches switch a niggas who the hell .
the feeling is mutual .
greyyygoose shut up bitch lol .
so drasko just said he was impressed the girls cooked half a chicken they cooked a whole one mkr .
macktology101 you women are not wild some you can control your own attitude and put yourself in place u dumb bitch .
when i call bitch you come .
if unfollow me youre a little bitch cus you couldnt handle my tweets lol .
via stopwadhwa2015 .
told that hoe she special like the at mcdonalds .
paulhaydon youve got big hearts colin i believe what youre meant to say was that they have enlarged hearts mkr .
moreacceptablethors than horse thor thor thor team edward thor .
also grabbed fries off my plate without asking then said i stole your fries to eat half while i .
that be ashamed look at these poor colored kids who we made smart they are not your props disgusted morningjoe .
paula pussy got a nigga on stage on his knees talmbout he gotta get her back tonight .
craziestsex hmu when you stop bein a lil bitch .
you tell ya business to ah bitch so i cant trust ya .
sfthewolf many people would be scared amp by that cover p .
oskzilla not fair youre still a faggot .
this bitch real nasty ah need her 128076 .
mickystre half the people forward had knives and sticks aimed at kat mkr .
i love eating pussy lol i never get full lol8221 i can eat that shit forever lol and ever .
lol someone told me i had hoes so i sent them .
you say you classy and i say bitch you a tease .
pussy on my so the cops see .
cause im a hunting little bitch .
were not going to be this spatchcock the other teams may be expecting cooking skills but mkr .
photo me and my bitch .
cuhcuhcuh bitches is twerkin on camera while they kid watchin bob cuh .
all i see on my timeline hate school ebola twitter hoes out .
if a teacher gave me some pussy in elementary school i got to tell somebody .
i much prefer this classic blue and yellow rams uniform to anything weve seen since that magical year not even close st8230 .
i didn8217t go to school here arizona full of ugly hoes t all my crushes ended up ugly after high school damn shame .
when a hoe says hi to bae .
eloisepeace agree i lose interest after instant restaurants think theyre in on that fact this year mkr .
socass dude remember this wop video 00sexilexi00 omg where did you find that .
god damn zebras every virginia possession the blows .
bitch u lame af get with the times and pop that ass this makes me kinda sad .
my bae said u bitches watch yall mouth lmao .
bucks got racks like a black bitch .
takin it straight to dirt why finger the pussy when i know i can put my dick in it .
round the street in my 64 the bitches slappin the hoes .
is there going to be a 4th group mkr .
that awkward moment when youre still an ugly hoe .
just spoke w legend mentor charlie great to catch up w those who helped open doors for latino thankful .
jod0507 love yourself .
i really do get excited to see my bad bitch association in lunch everyday they always make me laugh .
lol hell ya dey think a nicca down .
the wasnt trash it just wasnt as good as .
trust no player fear no bitch .
just started my upgrade for the level 2 dark that was a bitch to get .
nowthatsfresh every cartoon is trash yall love low iq comedy .
ill chug my tall can but homegirl wont approve lol .
bitch i got the .
dirrttyydan fasho youve been officially hired as my bitch .
ill quit being a bitch when you quit being a fake friend .
z0mbiedance message me hoe i need to plan stuff .
marijuana turn good pussy great .
your girl hold my dick like a your bitch nigga we control her .
i really dislike kat amp andre mkr .
who watches wrestling besides little kids and white trash .
zachsmith98 kiefferjason bitch stfu and get off my page .
neeksbethatguy im signing up and its ghetto as fuck lmaoo .
first tbt best and yankees game ever .
what are you on a scale of one to .
i was able to do so without a problem p but i have pretty strong arms 27 monitor is a lot lighter than the i use p .
if ah nigga beefing wit u dey gon try to fuck ur bitch just to kill u .
urbanengiish when your phone goes off in class and the teacher says turn that trash off but its a song from your mixtape httpst8230 .
haha that hoe go hard .
maxinbetha wipe the cum out of them faggot 80sbaby4life contact is cant see shit .
thats my bitch 128521 .
lost my and found it in your girlfriends pussy .
just call me a nigger cause thats what u really want to say at the end of the day .
glad to know you were just a hoe looking for all the attention .
lildurk i can turn yo bitch into a .
hollapalooka press is involved good luck with that .
in dc fri 13 bengali harlem busboysandpoets 14th st http8230 .
jaydillz if you a hoe .
life aint shit but bitches and money i passed that weed like i studied .
8220ciscoallday 1bcarter one of your side chicks came up them bitches know where i live i be hiding from my cuz .
one day you niggas gone learn when not to fuck an ugly bitch because these need to be stopped .
somebody tell these pussy niggas i got em .
freaky ass ready ass hoes .
i hate when a bitch cant take a compliment youre so pretty no im not im ugly well shit you ugly then damn .
i got hoes i got hella .
btw happy birthday charlie get better soon .
cant believe how nasty katandandre are embarrassed theyre representing wa mkr .
srhbutts actually never mind no clue who you are really dont care go be dramatic in someone elses mentions .
lebronvuitton 1stnamebravo they renamed that bitch the yacht club .
ay what are some good to hit up in denver should be up there saturday night to coon out .
these hoes worried bout the wrong things in life .
mkr bring it on .
1bcarter negro you wear a size in a at a 6 now still growing .
international law enforcement operation disrupts shylock banking malware pcworld international law enforcem .
thequinnspiracy btw ive got a lot of museum bm that would fit you retro tetris leggings you can borrow if you are into that kinda thing .
when youre a local in pc you cant love anybody because everybody turns into hoes on .
tristine214 i tried one of them pom n i swear it tasted like flavored ask lol .
tell dem thot bitches im not right .
bitch had a account with all selfies on the add like bitch no tricks wanna see yo face .
lick my pussy and ma crack .
lmao bummy bitches .
beyonc233 seems like a bitch .
you know bitches be mad when they be like im my own .
happy halloween dont wear a racist costume and look out for your female friends tonight big parties are grounds for rapists .
mkr2015 .
bennybalboa lmfaoo yu stupid lha bitch i been knowing you for about you never had a .
its well .
ima knock that pussy out like fight .
bout to smoke a 35 n dis bitch .
tweet of the if a nigga change on you fuck em he was a bitch nigga from day .
first thing to do when i wake my hoe .
seansteiger31 yea cause i showed ya bitch ass .
shoutout to my niccas .
lmfaooooo which one of yall hoes made this 128553128514 .
asked a giant green walks in carrying a of brownies you may have a brownie in .
lynnemcgranger mkr what are the chances of the safe teams strategically marking up the id put my .
allergic bitches .
berh00m what you see as normal women see as threatening and we keep telling you dudes this but you dont actually want to listen .
gaming companies are rarely tech companies thats not their core but they deal with amounts of abuse .
jk im above the influence guys im a dare ass bitch 128524 .
all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe .
128175128175128175 bitches be wanting to act like niggas so bad 128553128553128553 that shit aint but niggas act like bitches .
aiiane ty we got that out in a hurry will fix it .
hes trash he said hes not doing for anything less than 10 mil like 1285148221 .
ooo thats old school i didnt even think of that .
ive eaten six of hello kitty fruit snacks today because i can bitch im an adult .
yall motha best love my foam party in this shit is already a bitch .
beautifulkeezy 8220100046729 8220beautifulkeezy 100046729 thats so cute to me a date .
wodaeeex3 nun of ya bitch .
everytime i clean the room my mom tells me what bitch is coming over this time lmao what a dick .
been a trill nicca since a lil nicca .
yesyouresexist drift0r 1 in 13 men have 7 toes on each foot i can make up statistics too .
it is fitting that we are now seeing these strong women speaking out and trying to fix problems that others are of how to tackle .
arod like ugly bitches that like to fuck .
say what ya want but if im single and i have the opportunity to have a dick in my ass and pussy at the same time ima take it .
lol my wall of trust is so thick now if im the biggest bitch youve ever met youll know why .
just want to wipe that smile of her face mkr .
so how many teams are we starting with now mkr .
remember in a relationship her friends are not yours 128581 theyll let her be a hoe .
i can see ya hoes amp all of em nothin .
cant keep for these hoes i know better .
joebudden or the 8220i was curve really bitch u slept from 1am to huh smh .
traded in my nikes for a new mic i guess its safe to say he sold soles for his new life .
who is john a black man a moor john the first president of the states george .
these hoes say im too much i think im too much .
still blaming bush fucking retard .
niggas w bitch .
this bitch cant be serious .
french word for potato as earth apple banana is long yellow tree apple are big wet apple .
lil bitch ass .
that was trash im just gonna put my phone down goodnight .
brentonpoke sir5000 i do .
the yankees still suck nikaaaa3 .
viribracefacee wassup niggah .
im shitty but i promise u im better than that bitch .
given that he already used his low twitter userid to brag about his worth i shouldnt be shocked that he wants twitter to be classist .
any nicca gettin it n da ass is a fag please explain this twitter logic im confused 128553 imyungjay .
if i ever put ma trust ina bitch ill always be hurt .
this lecture is older than most of the people my pearl code .
carolinepoe why would i need to call her and to your face im talking to her not you dumbass .
i dont want the pussy if it makes me want to pay your bills and not sleep my sunday away dont ruin my life .
what barrel of trash doesnt smell as bad imagine or .
this thread this doesnt add up am i missing something .
stevenratata savanigga warning shots are for pussies im just gonna gun you down and steal your pink boots .
bros before hoes not bros over your girlfriend .
holy shit i havent been on instagram in a coons age im seeing pictures from like 20 weeks ago haha .
this hoe never called me like she said uglyassayekay .
top layer trash .
renegadecowboy i have to agree with charlie hes spot on .
is that nicca lmao .
when rednecks fool around with the aux cord .
fire racists and hire someone whos more qualified you know like a poc .
hey bitch this i love it cuts constitution from hockey mask via 8230 .
absolutely absurd that they even had to think about that call joke zebras .
cant wait for the cubs to sweep the cardinals tonight on espn no matter how bad the cubs are were gonna beat the bird8230 .
first i noticed the misogyny but then i realized plz brush your teeth .
in da wit sum bitches straight .
neeksbethatguy im already out that bitch hahaha .
its too early for all this bullshit fuck all yall hoes lmfao .
on raw the white trash side of me is .
are you kidding me colin how did that spew on a plate get a 7 mkr .
morningjoe prove him wrong liberals use facts use emotions to make decisions facts be damned should be the teabagger motto .
yesyouresexist sometimes i read that people i follow are being harassed and i just want to wrap them in the i feel 4 them .
i like good weed i like bad bitches that can roll it .
i was lookin like 128563 when dem niccas told me dat shit .
shoutout to all those people that emailed freebsd thinking that they were my employer oh wait thats still happening .
ive talked too much trash for to lose today .
nekkohbk i love my too much to waste it on a bitch with no hair .
gorgeouscamry 128514128514 hoes be in everybody clothes and got the nerve to take a picture man that shit crazy .
chiefkeef u a bitch shorty turnup .
my flow retarded 128526 .
wow fucken sucks ass and his coach said this niggah can play for hahahahahaha .
the fourth was a little bitch like nigga cant even take down a bitch ass fox .
grrizziy the only place for a ho in the garden .
bitch i aint arguing with you fuk on you said some slick shit n i addressed it simple .
and black women need to stop referring to themselves and other sisters as hoes amp bitches it really aint a good .
dude said bitch i took a whole nap before my .
ncoghlandev srhbutts i hate cats .
now you just reminded me why i hate you bitch .
wyattnuckels cause ima the shit outta you niggah .
you got the hoes .
8220souljaboy kmichelle shitty pussy .
its my mans birthday all the big booty bitches show him some love .
oh bless little lines sand bless bless bless mkr .
yall hoes need to get out more there so much more to life than being a fuckin hater go get yours .
but though yall hoes is fu dont fucking play .
i know it aint good but these hoes gon do what they .
longlivechris atlanta niggas bay niggas gotta chill im shitting on you hoes .
the fuuuck happened to her aint nothin worse than a bad bitch that lost it 128532 .
ogtreez when bae fights your side hoe amp wins .
and i are gonna retire in florida and get all the bad bitches in the home .
indirect ass little bitches like you know my fucking number and where i live .
kat andre retards mkr .
hate for jay is completely irrational hahaha i still love though so if he needs someone called a faggot ill call someone a fag .
its funny when sluts say u just mad cause im 100 real its like no bitch swerve cuz u actually about 65 water gtfo .
funnypicsdepot these 5th grade hoes aint loyal .
128514128514 shy glizzy .
popehat if you have them contact me directly i may be able to help .
amaninblack the thing of all .
painting bitches on bc bitches love .
im sorry i called you a bitch its not your fault youre so .
mkrofficial a 17 i smell a fine scandal mkr2015 mkr .
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one .
washingtonpost the people who work at those companies tend to be trash .
stood outside for 5 minutes to take a phone call went back in and looked in the mirror and saw a fuck the sun lil punk ass bitch .
dont worry about my old bitch or my next bitch .
if ash wins her hair will stand on end oh wait mkr .
give me bitch i get it for the tho .
man i do have hoes and they are all in the same location 128589 .
been trash wearexci the gay chris bosh jokes are getting old now .
motherfucker i be like a bitch catch me up in traffic might be with yo bitch .
shout out to the bitches who like gum i be chewing that shit .
some bitches forget you have to be a friend to keep a friend .
nah nigga you blowin dick smoking that exotic bitch blowin os .
skawtnyc amaninblack freebsdgirl chriswarcraft the level of and tone on this one is amazing .
im going to dress up as trash for halloween oh wait i look like that everyday .
science bitch thewalkingdead .
rosie only 3 12 yrs till next bitches bout what left .
fukn wit my nicca boi smoking gas jus shit .
nope never taken neighbors actual stuff just wifi acct info in their trash cans at 3am super easy .
one of my nigs at ima keep it low key tho on which one it was lol .
niggah hurry up .
getemcraig you owe two hoe i dont wanna hear shit when i .
rape is not a rhetorical device rape is not a rhetorical device rape is not a rhetorical device .
i got 99 problems and a bitch aint all 99 i think i need a sub machine gun gratata .
kiefferjason sbsylvester then bring your bitch ass to town east bitch .
the truth behind another elimination get rid of mkr .
kaeejones the bird gone run from your ass .
fuck michigan too many wanna be thugs if you ask me yall pussy im out this bitch next year .
peerworker evvykube i dont think you understand what bullying or harassment is at all .
spacekatgal ill throw a vote your way once i get to a computer .
is this the same day mkr .
you women and when you getting money the hoes gone come so how does that sound gay rather make money .
just got rich took a broke nigga bitch .
got hella hoes .
no shit you are what would call a typical american fat as fuck and goes to eat fast food all the time dumb bitch .
im slowly finding people that i trust but its all so hard because i care so much .
shawty wanna tell me secrets on how to rap niggah i tell that bitch its more attractive when you hold it down .
beenbasedb kudabrazyy 0 rings 0 0 bitches lol .
this hot ass black girl from twitter goes to wohs lol thats cray i thought she was some ass bitch from miles away .
how do people not realize the jig .
these hoes aint loyal and niggas aint either .
goofy ass lmfaoo make a niggah laugh .
besides ur looks nothing like the word of god described the of israel in envious bitch .
except dat hazel nigga kinghov1313 822011wdnick i think all dem hoes on lahhh know i can hit all of em .
idgaf about you or ya mens ya bitch none of these bitches yall all can fuck off for all i care .
if you going to the strip club every weekend you will never experience earned pussy .
tranny eh i know some people that will love this .
old cunt needs to die .
craig fire that shit up hoe .
sc are pieces of shit maybe they should go work for .
not no hoes128514 128175 .
truth is maxonmaxoff5 ate yellow snow as a child .
fucken campers voting strategically as well mkr .
eating pussy is fun .
msnbc would not spend my money on trash like that .
freebsdgirl see i read that as a authority breaking off and being its own island of site i .
bitch ass nigga heres a new belt for you .
i still see plenty basic bitches with iphone .
in reality lame niggas and corny niggas get bitches bc its sooo many of dem niggas nbs lol .
ohhhhh its hit the fan trouble she come mkr .
sschinke freebsdgirl you are literally doing what he says more women should do .
so kat that after her behavior over the last 2 nights we all cant bloody stand her right mkr .
swap meet bound beaner .
how you stay faithful in a room full of hoes .
real shit now if the bitch want some or something thats different .
that bitch 128514128514128514128514 pussy scandal .
double up on this game bitch .
yesyoureracist oh hey yesyouresexist straightup stole your idea .
pussies .
cuhcuhcuh its some sexy ugly bitches in the world cuh that ill fucc .
bummed that i lost out on this adorable puppy but glad the original were able to her .
the world would be a better place if kat and andre left the show mkr .
yeah hoe ass nigga .
kazatta your welcome my nig salute .
saw a man in a yellow coat amp matching fedora with an what a dick .
if you give that statement any thought at all you will realize it makes no sense at all please think abo8230 .
them bitches be smackin .
they got some cold white hoes in tho dont they right there on the strip .
if it were close than we could bitch but that was going on 10 to zip on .
moyizzy naw negro .
espn when the yanks and sox get together things usually go gt .
omg october is gonna be the best month ever basic bitch .
i call myself fat amy so bitches like you dont call me it behind my back .
twitter is trash .
still trying to hit this hoe .
masculinity is my favorite thing its so and and yet one false move and it is gone .
lmfao rickiroma up u slutty white hoe thotcho didn8217t know the pats got destroyed tonight .
ew pussy buy a fucking u got dat puppy .
for the next episode of mkr kat is going to serve up boiled bunny psycho .
whatever hoe .
awwww now i want some of those cakes and im not even a fan of haha mkr .
she actin like a hoe i dont want her id rather just smoke my marijuana .
everything but im outside come get this bitch .
mykitchenrules love how u have to where the same stuff on a different night mkr .
yes i found it .
mkr kat and andre get to stay seriously this is so unfair so not impressed with the strategic scoring karma will .
this isnt tea anymore chickencoleman how do bitches peep everything but still getting cheated on something not .
i dont care if youre gay bout to me calling me bitch and fish and thinking shit is sweet i dont even like girls doing that .
if youre gonna trash talk my piercings dont say it in front of my best friends 128514128514128514128514 .
hugs or kisses 8212 hugs it gives you a warm fuzzy feeling .
cxarli i care that she wrote a piece throwing all of us under the bus .
ive seen support from places i didnt expect when i originally posted my story still here and i think thats important to point out .
i hope out making they broski5519 aye da hoes at .
suekennedy19 benpobjie so have 18 down to 14 in just a few short mkr knife fight in the car park .
yea buddy a lot of nba trash talk going on .
this bitch just blew my high amp i was off all of dese drugs .
juanndacut when twitter rappers dm me their trash links .
suck my dick you cunts .
how quick your bitch will text another nigga whens shes mad at you .
ima tear that pussy uuuup .
thats what i call it too lol its beyond ghetto smh but man u needa quit playin and come back .
love a bitch that never act hollywood .
should be kissing moses ass for his fight with god otherwise we might all be fucking retarded ass actor faggot .
so if her legs dont rub together that means her is trash i just heard this .
nomeekjustmilz if they trash in yr 3 or 4 hell it lol .
started wit montana hoes now im fuckin all of nick cannon hoes .
every bad bitch comes with mood swings .
bet charlie strong has .
warrenleighttv timeline between guys about ep and others mostly women us for taking on misogyny in .
is also a requirement to be an isis jihadi girl keep the mens clothes .
does smdh stand for suck my dick hoe .
my lil bitch a vet she say she need a dog .
how many fingers does a bitch gotta break so mother fuckers will stop taking my god damn .
still questions my love for oreos lol .
adrian1knowsu lml se de no mi w ur bitch 128514128514 .
whochrisjones bitch nigga come over here im on n french rd fuck boy den talk dat shit .
ross a bitch for not responding .
like real shit dude da closest nicca i done seen to ai .
barely a dumb bitch .
currensyspitta i never bought a bitch .
fck all you hoes catch a .
cuddle with me and tell me im beautiful im a needy bitch .
foreign iphone imma call a goth hoe .
oh i wouldve stood up fall back hoe .
deeiiggee 128529 and on that note im out dis bitch .
media be attacks us tiger attacks bird attacks .
de en jap243n .
for charlie of 9 points in mass against dog via bostonglobe .
i hate a think she know how to out head type bitch foh .
xdsmooth shoutout to that niggah 1bookieg go follow .
classy and is one way of putting it mkr .
fuckin twats .
brianndominguez daddy yankee 128175128076 .
my bitches cleaning .
99 problems but a bitch aint 1 .
ill give you a tip beware of the ugly birds who hide behind massive .
shouldve cooked more than 1 cheese bake hopefully this means sudden death for them mkr .
i was taking a picture and that bitch scared me lmao .
we wig closet for the summer bad gals just wanna have fun this bitch has the a nerve smh .
dudes volunteer to be baby daddy and theyll be a father or not all over some pussy .
damn girl ill be your porch monkey .
kat and andre are so awful wtf is wrong with you two mkr .
cant believe i have to watch more of these two flogs kat and andre on mkr .
you lil stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin wit you .
that kat is still there wasnt the biggest fan of the blondes but liked them much more than kat mkr .
all these afternoon groups are trash besides the bubba and group .
laughin at all yall bitches .
colemcdowell2 is ghetto hahaha wait til we go pick up nat in austin tomorrow .
hobsondarlene 1corinthians126 hobsondarlene blessjesus amos 33 can two walk together unless they are agreed .
all these niggas with these love quote pages are some pussies them niggas dont be living what they talking bout .
stop hatin niggah i got ya girlfriend callin you a hater niggah 128514128514128514 .
shut the fuck up and quit being such a pussy hahahah .
charlie baltimore look good for 45 128563 .
turbocunt i have no idea what red bean tastes like im assuming it tastes like beans im not really down with beans .
fuck me or ill make you feel bad about it but if you fuck other guys ill call you a hoe and if you fuck me ill .
that drasko guy is really starting to get on my tits mkr shutup .
fuck off kat and andre mkr .
suzannecarbone trapped in a venue with that and sausage impersonating food mkr .
longbongchris fuck a closed casket bitch put me with the me some me and give me leaves .
cbmarie as u should thats jus a clutch ass spot bitch we in there for the turn up 128553128553128553 .
stop gassing up these regular ass bitches .
yes mimi bitch yo dumb ass got played .
a strong black women is simply a bitch that wanna argue over every single thing .
super handsome guys can literally be broke af with no career and some horny bitch will support him into lol .
u really got these coons out here dreaming .
yall weird on here fake hoes for attention .
nfl am i watching football or pussy soccer wtf .
they claiming bitches them my old hoes .
pregnant se classic response to who calls her 8211 with bonus tweets .
i got lean i got work i got bands my nigguh .
is this trash .
i moved that niggah anyways .
how unfortunate theyre staying mkr .
michellemalkin mass gop charlie baker no drivers for illegal aliens gt .
hates to but cans i have yo digits i likes wiggers dat wanna be fucked by coloreds .
nowplaying witcha bitch pussy pussy hood ona plastic on it .
not even 20 and ive already smoked out 2 countries bitch i do what the fuck i want .
will steve and roberts accent always get to me mkr .
rihanna lifes a bitch but thats the only love i know .
ask around n the streets bitch bout jay .
hahahaha he missed the shit out that texans .
hoes gone be these hoes cant be trusted 9994 .
i dont like a ghetto .
my wifi stronger then half yall hoes relationships lol .
got a mention on tech news on not 100 accurate but close enough in .
when all else fails blast bare nips .
yes touch my bitch get ya shit knocked .
does being on my dick make any of yall hoes feel relevant if so re your whole life thanks .
i was a fag back then .
these are like fukn google ads on my tv mkr .
wish i got hoes like james bond .
rough mock for the base of what will eventually be an tiki ti .
bitch you not cute you just 128514 .
kazatta lol this is why u my nig .
bad bad food plain and simple kat mkr .
come get yo hoe .
cause they aint her i aint eem watchin the awards yet but why hoes hatin on kim k .
diponline i be closing my eyes and shit sometimes so bitches be able to sneak a quick nipple lick in but she aint going ham on me yo .
up making can i have my slut bitch girlfriend u always rap about back yet .
shikeattike nah bitch you aint just gone go off on me and just want me back 5 minutes later im playing 2k until further notice .
hate a bitch that run her mouth .
cry about it you still cant even talk to me even though im supposedly the shady bitch that wont confront you lol .
pete evans writes a paleo book for babies and what were you thinking peteevans mkr ridiculous  .
text me bitch .
sedsince81 niggers vonshayeb before any moves are made my black ass must take a nap .
im from long beach california so people automatically think ima badass or a bitch .
jokes are funny eh .
mkr honestly how can any of them attempt to cook well without at least half a bottle of in them .
bitches lt .
karma is a bitch just make sure that bitch is beautiful .
she was like i dont go to raider games they are ghetto and people get jumped lmao i was like well the shit sound .
it would of been funnier if those two bottom teams just got eliminated haha mkr .
my lil bitch just called me said she needa break but you can leave cuz bitch im doin great .
katandandre safe one day but its not how long you may go but how far does your knife throw mkr mkr2015 .
i cant tell you the last time i seen 2 niggaz have a fight but i see bitches fight on video daily .
weve kinda got a system worked out he sits his butt on my desk front legs around my neck and i try to type around his tail .
morgansmith20 hes a little bitch in general seattle .
ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip 128525 .
if youre a hoe dont expect princess treatment .
i always waste my time on irrelevant bitches 128528 .
thequinnspiracy you changed your hair .
holinka remember when .
this is not legal advice but common sense what i can do is help people know what to say to police or help find a lawyer pendragontarot .
im hungry quit talking and lets go hoe .
jdun54 oh you little bitch you you tryna hit the fair tho today or sometime this week shit might be fun drunk .
they are kidding shit on a plate mkr .
that funky monkey .
i swear girls with good pussy think thats the answer to everything .
ill beat some pussy up right about now .
if he wants bitches tip on his marble floors he will 128521 .
hate a hoe that think relationships are winter comin let me get me a boyfriend sound dumb as hell .
seanbonner a low userid doesnt give you any special insight from a of privilege living shouldnt have a .
sexism can work both ways i can stop for today i got misogynist bingo before 9 am .
chill bitch we aint in love .
i got good credit so my bitch credit gotta match mine .
some for you hoes .
i am such a .
getemcraig i hear ya hoe .
shout out to my mama cause she aint raise no hoe .
noooooooo im so annoyed kat and andre are still there mkr .
watching a bird poop on your car after you just got it washed .
nigga pee wee is a bitch .
zhugstubble meet up eat bitch .
take me for a ride woof woof .
hahahaha thank you manufeildel katampandre i that you apply water to the burned area of your dignity mkr .
he loves me eats a brownie he loves me not eats a brownie .
new life .
protest climate change leaves trash behind .
kat and andre are such revolting human beings mkr .
loving the show this morning chris is the conversation make the teabaggers talk .
mufuckas been me on this bitch tho .
georgieonthego until now ive never talked to you but im sure you wont let a little thing like truth stand in the way of a story .
wedontsmokereg money ova bitches im it ta da grave at ah young age go wat pays 128526 .
dylanw cool beans useful info after a public callout .
sir5000 just california the mountains are a shit show .
what in the actual fuck mkr .
find a big butt bitch somewhere and get my nuts kissed .
couldnt this dude who wanted to get trash trash that fight was trash boxing .
gay girls really do get more pussy than niggas .
big shout out to for doing it right and doing right by trans people .
how are and i supposed talk shit about bitch ass now that he has a twitter confused lt3 .
sexualgif bitches are so shady oh my god 128514128514 .
he was 17 not 16 amp he tried to beat up a much weaker creepy ass cracker that is why he is dead if zimmerman was a woman .
kats face right now priceless mkr .
8220jcash voiceofdstreetz knowing i can picture that hoe in my he good now knocked the wind out that boy 128514 .
you went on this hoe bro .
you pissing in my trash can again .
so ppl are pissed off basically saying if we have to suffer you will too tht bitch .
im getting sleepy this water doing a bitch right .
to be honest niggas are the biggest roaches these days they be with bitches just to have someone to put shit in their 8230 .
she called me mexican is that all she have on me tho im a proud hispanic bitch sure liked this dick tho hoe .
attention alexander had the best pussy in the world taste good .
iammrechols if you was a hoe yesterday youll be a hoe tomorrow .
well then .
mkr boy sure know how to dish out an insult your sausage was a little short of fat glad they werent male contestants .
bitches talk hoes talk even more .
i used to dress up like a cop after never forget .
iirc she claimed i went to jail for drugs or something i didnt read it shes just trying to make a name for herself sakjur .
in da back .
cortanav i dont think so it was just found .
not scared to pepper spray a resting on pack .
sammiboyden you fucking twat just start talking .
youve undercooked eggs and probably poisoned small children id be exhausted too mkr .
this party goin be off the bitches only .
pops interviews remain warm and fuzzy .
i try to keep all my bitches on lay same way i feel .
nikki looks like jaime walking the catwalk mkr .
this bitch wanna smoke all of my weed .
lol rahshauna has hoes .
kingtunchi these bitches play both sides but get left in the middle .
last year i cuffed that bitch well now its .
this reminds me of another quality video lol he aint to front for these peckerwoods .
sirgoldenrod fuck yes .
niggas needa stop wearing mk thats for bitches lol .
sheri amp emilie are the cutest whilst kat amp andre are the most vile mkr .
yanks walk off win 128591 .
mckinley719 like bitch you already know the answer its all for bri duh .
every time i try to quit smoking some dumb bitch always gotta be fucking annoying and try my patience lmfao .
i think its time to get rid of teams scoring other teams its not fair mkr .
without the appropriate training for police there will continue to be no advice except for the personal beliefs of the officer .
128514128514128514128514 how ghetto girls pronounce there names i could cry right now oh my god .
pussy prolly taste like heaven 128079 .
chinese sounds then a hoe rn but my momma making carne con chile so i guess im gucci with that 128527128076 .
jax a hoe .
to be clear i dont think theres any chance leaves for but its fun to mock the speculation .
ion ask nobody for shit ever never have a problem doing shit fa people neither but damn can a bitch get a thank you .
wow cant help but feel the blondes were mkr mkr2015 .
gbo26 mkr kat amp andre this its dignity you two have completely lost yours .
coleycee my bad bitch .
yeah im so annoying until you need i dont play that shit fuck with my heart and ill make you wish .
my bitch bad lookin like a bag of laundry .
1sonofyahweh amp what we do with our foolish proud selves roll our eyes pretend that we dont see mock or laff at them arrogant attitudes .
stay witcha nasty little hoes who dont do shit for you .
cant fuck with no bitches just cant do it .
boy with a monkey tail grows up to the the of a yet old earth .
did you know that in comparison to lean cuts of beef game meat has about 13 fewer calories chicken mkr .
yes im aware of ggs with the irs no it wont matter dont bother responding to them better uses for  .
we in here turn up turn up wheres the bitches .
slim niggah but you know i love em thick .
realniggasherm bitch td in jeff b home real soon .
128557 reddaddy17 but wait if he got a ole lady and still yo girl is he a unfaithful water for hoes .
that area is a bitch regardless so i can imagine .
everyone needs to stop bitchin about jeter youre the last week of baseball from the greatest player to wear a yankees uniform .
i love all my bitches and im ridin for all my bitches no matter what .
taxstone these bitches will set you up the moment you stop fucking with them and they mad .
suekennedy19 mkr this is fast becoming like that crap 80s movie story more instant restaurants .
uberfacts the attached to boxes of animal crackers were originally put there so that the box could be hung from christmas .
im telling you man kfromtheg got his record and became trash .
aint no hoe worth loosing your wife aint no beef worth loosing your life .
down to catch a body bitch .
ikesizzle trey songz album is about being a single hoe ass nigga lol .
they still fucking trash i cant eat those to save my life .
you have a girlfriend stop asking these hoes to be your bestfriend .
kat and andre dont deserve to stay in the competition its about good cooking not strategic voting mkr .
me bitch when and where .
googlecloud our last tweet was a mistake google supports an open gaming community for all we do not support gamergate .
i annie and lloyd more mkr .
henny amp hoes tiffanyp0rsche peace amp if you were a greek mythical would u be 8230 .
you can do anything you want in life just dont be a fucking bitch .
left my final singing im a boss ass bitch if thats any indication on how that went .
vivabased broke no even though obama is working on it bitch no i got something between so no .
fag .
gaterebooks the ethics policy for gamergate doesnt exist .
media jokes stuff thats not a big deal feeds the of women that leads to their deaths .
review the yanks are coming a military history of the states in world war i via breitbartnews .
do these glasses make my cunt look fat .
chad you got all the are you texting me instead of your hoes .
i dont like spicy chicken them bitches be on 10 boa you trippen .
in hopes of recruiting more women isis opens jihadi finishing school .
nigga byeeeee lmfao ill be if a fag stole my girl .
quan stop that faggot on my tl .
lots of love for femfreq spacekatgal thequinnspiracy i cant imagine how hard that was for them to watch how violated they feel .
oshititslaura haha because im too cool for them hoes lmao jk i got reported supposedly that i was a fake account 128554 .
i just noticed that bey is wearing a wonder woman tshirt in her video blow .
early bird gets the worm .
jdun54 awww shit lol i want my money too bitch who else i give one to .
hahaha look at you tryin to be a bitch lol nice try though haha .
yeah they heard im fucking nuts like the swag of a fag .
who knows they cant seem to decide if im a meth having tons of babies selling babies or a dude .
i feel like breakfast mkr .
amp ion have a bitch so yeah whats understood dont need to be explained .
want to play kids go see annie and lloyd mkr .
if you got to act like you cuffing a bitch to get ass your a lame forreal 128514 real niggas let bitches know what it is from .
ghetto af lol all of a sudden everyone a and raider fan .
anybody that gets traded straight up for brandon knight is trash .
bjs5555 elect democratic nominee charlie hardy to us senate defeat tea mike httptco8230 .
i am so fucking sick of this facebook trend of 31 days of positive how about days of activism .
i got hoes i got hoes i got hoes i got hoes .
120dollarsfood this show is going to air until christmas isnt it mkr .
hits blunt if cats are afraid of water why does pussy get wet .
your pussy hella tight took me an hour to slide in that 822007cannon quote and ill compliment .
charlie bit me .
he run his mouth just like a bitch i had to cut em off .
dont mention a bitch from your past to me first of all i dont give a fuck second of all i dont care and third i 8230 .
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint 1 .
simplysoulful when you sitting next ya girl and ya side bitch text you hey babe .
the chemistry involved in successful cooking is at least as complex as man no play when touch ball .
i am now watching wadhwa be very disappointed in the eff jesus is that his standard line for every male that doesnt agree with him .
my favorite is thats a dumb bitch who just posted a pic and isnt sure she should have or not .
heydenbunsyolo jordan536633 birdlovin bitch no u not u look like a full cracker .
i from the planet of apes king clips .
fuk dat bitch lol voice .
meh ive seen enough messed up stuff from each other country ill take my chances here .
photographer on war reporting while female on cbcradioq right now everything .
i really hate this bitch but she knows me best .
id kill to meet charlie sheen .
you know you a bitch ass so i dont need to say it .
hgshit 1bookieg them bitches .
she walks like a demented mkr .
this bitch gone ask is we closed said naw we just aint pay the this month yea bitch we closed get tf out .
im old but my pussy still poppin tho .
wow way to use the oppression of women to make a cheap tired joke no one thinks youre funny or interesting .
i am .
rigged rigged rigged mkr .
so you dont want to see the true life story of american heroes lazy amp wish you wanna watch hillbillies shoot .
whats wrong with this bitch .
thats bc i deleted once i saw your subtweet next time just me tho and i do love jail bird .
lmfao i found my me complaining about you being a bitch 128514 tbt im dead .
skylar needs to go back to he taking all the hoes .
barbod6fcb am not gonna shut shit up bitch but u can get yo punk ass out there hoe ass nigga .
liveanduncut if you really wanna please your man seeing him pleased gon turn you on but you know bitches aint really what they .
run up on a nigga get to hoe .
prettykells 8220leelucas 100046729 prettykells lol bitch run ya bands up you know im hate a broke bitch i hate em .
give me bitch i get it for the .
i say it all the time same with fag and queer its all about the context i suppose some people are just looking to get offended .
lmfaooo i cant yo this bitch has officially crossed the line 128557 .
brighterdays i dont be worrying about these messy hood ass hoes but they worrying about me though why 128583 .
the trash generation .
the bitch mob is bad for your health .
imma tall dread head wit a fat do better .
im feelin like in the middle these bitches surround me they cant miss em .
thanks to for some mentions trash for me .
cheuya and cute 5 wooden platform heels w mini wo men deep in their hearts i do any of this shit w them in .
if i cum on your pussy dont be tryna rub it in like they do in the cuz if u get pregnant tha8230 .
i picked for my team i have to be some kind of cunt yes .
fat oreos are and dont properly when dunked in milk stay away from them theyre oreo .
dumb dumb dumb dumb mkr mkr2015 .
there hasnt been a trade this since babe ruth was traded to the yankees for no no cash .
ugh that crazy bitch in the smh .
new coffee instagram by feeling warm with a kind warm message coffee mkr .
sam is such a bitch ronnie got in a fight because of you 128530 .
and trying to this color is gonna be a fuckin bitch like i washed my hair once and it already started going blonde again idk idk .
ortizjaylene all i see is bitch ass on my twitter now wtf all that she sees drake voice .
killing these bitches go body for body .
got this bitch at work mad with me bc her ex bitch on my dick 128514128514128514 .
manual labor so trash .
yo bitch whippin in the early morning .
who the hell needs permission for anything from that ghetto whore .
really so mkr is going around again for another round this series wont be ending until next year at this rate too much of a good thing .
got a death wish against like cunts im just no a happy man .
mskeekee90s tndyy haha oreo lol well i gota do video for his dance soon i can show you how to use and that x .
lilreese300 bum ass bitch u look like a hype thot ass u a hot ready dirty ho 128514 .
watch out ned worldcup2014 .
rishaawilliams ol bitch ass .
shame that your mama didnt teach you not to call women bitch well we all aint that i guess .
thedarius bitch get that job first .
pancakes all the way hands down winner mkr .
freebsdgirl not your she said as she literally turned herself into their built anime girl mascot .
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one that goes for you bitch niggas too rns .
i can travel tickets i cant afford can likely find a hotel to crash in .
lmfao hicks .
im redneck crazy .
son lmao i8217m gonna cry every time no bitches .
ma texas bitch keep textin me callin cryin stressin me bout where i been but ive been with another bitch allegedly 128076 .
nah go talk to ur hoes since u dont wanna text back n shit .
i never played too busy slaying bitches .
aint the bitch mimi still wit gay ass nikko .
colonelkickhead yes the dish is says refined like being too lazy to put a fucking tart together mkr .
now you know how it feels knowing the is on all our phones quit whining like muslim bitches .
celine amp vicky for elimination mkr .
i am nice i am humble but i will still let a bitch know whats up .
im avoiding commitment because these hoes aint loyal .
new test makes your poop neon colored if you have colon cancer 8594 .
kat and andre cant cook mkr .
she fuckin wit a young niggah .
kim kardashian has had that didnt stretch as long as mkr .
stupid hoe is so wack .
you bitches make everything a relationship goal .
when a bitch all in ya mans face in public .
experience charlie married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers can you get me off 27 .
oops teabaggers in mississippi forgot a of the constitution amendment slavery .
exactly amp i miss you bitch .
dont eat pussy until she show you the .
gorgeouscamry fight or nah dumb bitch 128530 .
mkr rob and dave are freakin legends .
ohvixen i love laying in bed by myself because i have a twin size bed and bitches be takin up 34 and i aint havin that .
idntwearcondoms im missing a few things i really need in my life iphone 6 ios 8 ps4 some bitches and a new car .
savanigga half of it will be about how you became ghetto in .
its a rough life .
me or nat 128514128514 def not me with that shiner .
rickygervais have a great day you lovely fellow apes .
awill2reckless lol his matches from the early 90s when he was champion the bitches really would go ham .
shut yo bitch ass up 128557128514 .
if a single wasp could read these tweets there could be a peace between and man but are 8230 .
im still weak off the bitch gettin pissed on lol .
oh lord mkr .
leaning in isnt a bad solution its just not the only solution its expecting women to solve all the problems .
atlanta pacdagoat houston has so many trash drivers .
you bad little bitch .
you know these hoes wishy washy .
i pull up in a gimme yo bitch .
dont worry bitches only act bold when they have somebody to back them up its cool tho i got you if anything .
what else come on on mondays im not finna watch that trash ive destroyed brain .
lmao that the funniest way to disrespect a person by calling him a itty bitty bitch makes me feel low in life .
son of a bitch thunder .
pull up on my ex make that bitch .
yay ash mkr .
itsdorry maybe all these fake bitches will pretend to be real for halloween .
its pretty funny seeing people talk about perl again .
jose ur mean 8221 i said ily stfu hoe .
my pussy taste like pepsi cola .
slagkick .
gets bitches .
fucktravonn ahh i see im still a about the knowledge of the hoe but im .
dont you have a trash can .
throw a on your sweet 16 and everybody bring you and cards to my crib bitch you grandma even bought you bday cake ova here .
one of my cats killed a baby bird and a .
you can be whatever you want since you arent a lying ass bitch ass childish ass mother fucker .
these 5th grade hoes aint .
have heard some hillbilly that bugs worse in recent years because of mic .
if you hoes stop shaving im running around spraying on all of yall .
lmfao the new york yankees have won 27 world series titles most of .
when bitches u hate wont stop staring at u in the .
bruno fag boy you love me .
show a lotta love to my sisters tho but these bitches so im in trouble .
what i took from all of this is that wadhwa doesnt bother anyone just assumes if they disagree whim they are .
nobody bout their actions you all pussy .
honesty is all i ask for8221 you ugly then a hoe then .
remember when i said are faggots this week sasuke that with flying colors .
nscottg branch management and tying commits into a specific ticket .
steveworks4you gave themselves when the bakers took pay cuts that killed the twinkie tell the fucking truth for .
dearleader10 you value yourself because someone gave you a title i value myself because bitch im clutch i win .
dis nigga look retarded .
too many cooks mkr .
i preferred the activated pete evans rather than this new dangerous baby diet pete evans mkr .
pick 6 hoe lets .
inthekcmix pau pissed me off like boozer pissed off bulls fan 2 soft faggots .
niggas be like i got some hoes on the 128567 .
when waka said suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku .
it seems to me that if she had really wanted this book published it wouldve been published by now this whole story seems so .
its weather bitches .
hate when my hoes get out here an start actin single smh .
patty dont love these hoes .
this show is officially fucked space get to stay ffs mkr .
she told me trust no bitches 128581 and watch yo homies .
is there anything the doesnt know mkr .
well im back on the for a bad bitch .
fuck kat and andre they are next to go mkr .
lmaoooooooo heauxmersimpson prolly nice as shit at madden now lmao fat bitch .
rico full of of money hoe .
when a hoe go back to her roots .
drink up bitches .
he dont even follow his bitch 128514 .
remember when we played amp they kept calling our whole team gay amp said ill turn all you hoes out fwm 128553128557 .
i think this hoe pressed or some shit how many times we asked where they .
cheeseplus im weird i like cherry mx reds .
cant play no games wit niggas or bitches .
my bitch better lie to me more than 5 bodies and i cant stomach it ill fucking die .
gov rick scott kicks charlie ass .
arvindkejriwal interviews to ho got scared of crackers lol httptc8230 .
im genuinely getting mad at this childrens video game about mickey mouse and darkness and big keys .
i hate how some of you bitches come to school like how tf you walk out your house stank your mama aint .
i about birds as a child best time to learn .
ill beat on that pussy so hard .
kotaku how blizzard is taking aim at toxic players in heroes of the storm .
you and yuh bitch ass get smacked quick .
eventually every bitch turns into that hoe .
mkr hope the girls do good tonight .
jeter to arod from class to trash .
bitch i will cut you .
i fuck with lux and his knowledge but presence delivery is more to the people crazy .
thanks for the heads up .
woah did this bitch say .
yall shut make me bitch .
cannot .
everything dont deserve a reaction so dont think because you do something that im bitch im on money not your sad ass .
just general abuse not necessarily gamergate specific .
word tan1aaa having zero hoes .
kayysavage bitch amp if they wasnt 128514128557 .
i like how gg took statement at to mean just hide the harassment in another .
whatevaittakes its too early dont annoy dont come back from ya fun filled weekend and give me attitude hoe .
these bitches irri irri irri .
karma is a bitch 128524 .
tayscalf we should change that to bitch about example my girlfriend dont like the crew i hang with she bae .
2 hours .
kenzieblake2015 its pretty easy actually im just the cashier right now im eating those animal crackers lolol .
bruh u such a pussy just talk .
i missed the end of mkr to watch goggleboxau what happened .
okay love you bitch .
i bitch a lot but its coo .
my whole goal is to fuck someone bitch and cause in a happy relationship 128523 .
someone takes herself too seriously mkr .
i bought a and went back to the neighborhood and busted that bitch .
mkr of course the fucking popular does that crowd look like the type of people who would actually buy salmon .
some of these sex gifs are fucking retarded .
tricking off ya paper aint wat u do gotta learn the game make dat hoe buy u .
theres a woman writing a women in tech book and shes on everyone in her path as long as she gets money for it .
here wadhwa is supporting jason bcz feelings were hurt when he was told to shut up amp listen about wit .
killallsimps my girl told me she was on her period i immediately power bombed her hoe ass .
uplay kindly fuck off into a fire .
use monkey maker you .
everything jayz writes is trash .
setting up and mail and twitter accounts and analytics and trying to do my eye makeup at the same time why is life so hard .
one of us is on drugs and its me but youre still wrong 128514 im a bitch sometimes .
187xo i rather jack off then fuck hoes tbh that shit boring give me a wife lmfao little be like .
i havent used it gtgt .
news flash obama won the election and increase their numbers in congress stop with the bullshit already and compromise bitches .
if ive never seen her do some hoe shit with my own eyes then i refuse to let another nigga influence my thoughts on her so what .
lmao tempted to send this fuckin hoe .
she is a bitch this mess is all fault all of it .
always down patty never been a pussy .
when you patriarchy hurts men too .
there is no way id be eating that entree its making me feel sick mkr .
niggas who talk about pussy the most get the least francoiskilljoy 202sole quanb24 baltsneakershow what a shine box pussy .
this isnt going to work because weve all got a than 12 year olds spacekatgal thequinnspiracy .
washingtonpost chinas bird flu 3 good signs 3 bad signs and 3 very bad signs .
it be sounding like the bitch that the cops talk to on their radio is the same sounding bitch every single time it aint never a dude voice .
i dont remember half of these ppl mkr .
totally forgot how that jerk invited me up to his office too lol no my time is worth too much stopwadhwa2015 .
omglazerkittens yeah i used to work out of the office .
finna punch all these bitches in front of me8221 das my girl .
you out there popping them pills fucking them stank hoes keep it real you aint really bout your bank roll youre satisfied .
thecoreyholcomb long finger dike hoes be pulling off their gloves instead of at bitches they trying to suck .
my high school need to gon and throw a hood reunion party everybody knows we was ghetto as hell .
jameis tweet fuck her right in the pussy .
yeah kat i wouldnt laugh so hard you are about to be brought back down to earth now whos laughing mkr .
when you get famous im yo art so me and my bitch can have dat shit all in da crib .
when you see kids being bad amp their parents just standing there amp you look em like bitch you aint gon do somethin .
another round of instant restaurants ffs mkr .
this little bastard comes unto all the time just to do his little wigger rap and try to say it at me like im gonna die 128514 .
every super hero a bitch except iron man peter parker the biggest hoe loser ass nigga no bitches no no whips .
those faggots that keep posting gay ass videos of them with their gfs on facebook .
who remembers when we were in middle school and would throw paper in the trash from our seat and yell kobe lmfaoooo .
days the of a bad bitch is how good her pussy is .
i bet u john gets way more pussy than john .
lol just like and go out like a weak bitch and return the next year and win 3 games .
i i thought you were being snarky .
i dont chase no bitches just chase my dreams .
brianndominguez green and yellow lil wayne .
brosconfessions unlike a lot of these bros i actually care about my girl and i love her its not called being a pussy its called 8230 .
bitches that dont eat meat are likely to develop mental .
redis is overkill for what im doing i want something more .
oh nah bitch i work too much to even think about it lol .
lmao dis bitch dumb asl .
1017sqquad when a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you 128514128514128514 these hoes aint hungry 128514128514 do8230 .
i wasnt aware this man spoke for all women did i miss that .
bonnoxxx u smokin that bitch .
fight me 0 cuz theyre trash how many corn dogs did you order today .
think the girls will easily get through mkr .
is gonna drop apollo like did when da went to prison these hoes aint loyal .
club solo 1 deep fuck a cause i parked on the street knows 1041243 you cant trust these hoes .
beardyblue emilyesque police tend to take reports of online a lot more seriously when a lawyer is involved .
poonsoaker yall so trash cowboys .
gets fucked by two guys until she gets her .
if i got time to hold my phone the whole time we having sex yo pussy trash .
shout out to all the bitches who dont have to dress half naked to get a mans stay classy .
childishcudl cheefpolo bitch mind your business .
maple bacon wins every time mkr justsaying .
happy birthday nigs thanks yo .
last night this bitch was talking bout she wanna smoke amp go to amp i was the 1st person she thought about who paying for all this .
shit i wanna know if my bitch gone protect me 128514 .
tobyfee justkellyok forever .
i dont want me no good girl i fell inlove with these freak hoes .
that boy has always been a pussy never been a threat .
i was playing music in the kitchen and now my mom keeps asking tony why give a bitch your heart when she rather have a purse .
b oreo a thru 128293128293128293 .
whereyohussleat .
i dont know what that song is on that house rules ad is but its fucking and it makes me want to go on a murderous rampage mkr .
who clothes in the dryer im tryna dry my them hoes out .
these two are the chloe and kelly of the group mkr .
thecoreyholcomb espn has jason on ass kissing for charlie to justify the bullshit the eagles did to d jackson .
firemunky rip tom greg charlie wells andy .
i need to go to the mexican market and grab some fake gucci sandals so i can stunt on you hoes .
niggas all about sex now days unlike you bitches i jus want somebody who gone better me as a young .
flag bitch damn we night as well be playing against the flag shit .
tmclaughbos mattstratton needs to rename the bot to and this wouldnt be a problem .
its brittany bitch .
how this ugly ass nigga gets more pussy than me .
huntermoore retweet if you fucked someones bitch .
bands will make her dance stamps will make her twerk if romney becomes president these hoes will have to work .
tmclaughbos i think i had him because he was to randomly tweet at me p .
hey just wake up already you already know and are in it for the commies stop with the racist whitey hate crap .
exception for that bitch was funny .
srhbutts grimachu if you want that search for ggautoblocker i ran some ads last night .
i fucked your bitch a hunned times what the fuck your bitch got on her mind my fuckin dick .
every day im reminded that the most dangerous men are not the lol women cant drive crew but the im not sexist but crowd .
sschinke they did its called california .
these chicks use what they got to get what they want bunch of ronnie amp ass hoes .
is having no on your kind of like charlie brown never ever getting any .
you suck it commie bitch .
gaterebooks tell me what you think about ethics .
i show love to everybody not on joe time i just hate stuck up people thats hoe shit .
just want to reach over and touch her so do we full video mkr .
happy hangover btown iubb iu indiana hoosierdaddy hoosiernation hoosiers the is now complete ncaa big10 .
he does lmao breesindacut sean been had hoes mrpoonsoaker lol .
tayscalf fuck em right in the pussy .
clicquotsuave bunch of rappers boutta flood the w trash .
we put a redneck in the white house its gonna be the camo house .
got me like drake bitch az lol .
marlinfishyass it was old ratchet hoes bruh .
a hoe gon be a hoe that aint a .
i got im with some female friends who dont know that im referring to them as bitches .
thats a .
i do have a fan i will turn it on right now .
with putin pushing for land and china completely their armed youre a fucking retard stay out my country .
i wrote whole game story on how shut down two nights in a row many of you will mock this but he was really 8230 .
wellheeledking old me and that bitch been places .
hate dat hoe .
wilkieii the account is literally wadhwa retweeting himself talking for women in tech seriously look at it .
nerd followers im monitoring and sending a call for each one .
i don8217t talk trash regarding sports .
all nfl play music by jayz a former drug whose wouldnt work wo saying nigger in every song .
tflye you got some more hoe .
shid i thought it was legal to beat yo hoe .
well then with all further get da out ya lil bitch .
im in vegas bitches .
filmpunk86 im aware ive read that story arc .
i hate these girls far out mkr .
vintagemonroe knee ass .
dam this niggah trippin off ecstasy .
can my cat not kill birds and make a huge of feathers .
good day honkies .
nike dc is trash .
rihannahasaids bitch built like squid after he ate all the djzeeti dont retire 128553 i love you h8230 .
its never too late to tag a bitch .
what are kat and andre even serving doesnt appealing at all mkr .
1corinthians126 blessjesus touched the soles of the humanity with stains and that only leaves its .
they are complaining that its taking too long typical of andre and kat mkr .
bitch please ill go to either way when i come up i can bring some also .
white bitches love cocaine .
get tf off joseline pussy like damn .
tmclaughbos roguest4r freebsdgirl perhaps managing to a search the svn for b the correct username would help .
btw guys im an of the facebook group so you know collusion .
it does manage to have a significant amount of with behavior not related to ethics in games journalism .
i got my own legacy bitches fuck yall legacy .
i could never mess around with someone elses man like thats just your self as a side hoe .
when did miley turn ghetto .
woridstarhlphop every time bobby bitch comes on .
it is so hard not answering questions darn it sherirubin needs to take my phone away from me p .
im in the zone like the secondary no lie bitch im then a pet .
i love my big booty bitches .
these hoes be acting up .
its a song hoe .
curry looked like a little bitch gettin handled like a rag doll lmfaooo .
when i die throw a couple bad bitches in my casket .
adam jones yankees now lead is a .
these hoes aint loyal 128075 .
you did you crushed his i got me an exotic bitch dreams .
heartless ass niggah 128513 but who isnt now .
idgaf what you bitches say about me 128514 .
this nigguh really tried to fight me on the bus over a kool aid 128514128514128514 .
all d messy hoes sleep .
vsamone stupid bitch8221 .
yal some faggots yup nigga you n you fuckin fruit cups .
excuse me where is the rave i was promised a dead mouse .
the bitch cheering for the at does not seem to value her life .
just cleaned this bitch clean .
o3millz 82201bookieg o3millz the last bitch i fucked was a mixed .
vodage kaitlynburnell ah okay .
lmfaoooooooooo lmaooo you a faggot if you ever wore a tall tee amp took your .
versacetweetgod not leopard hoes dumb 8220djzeeti twitpic a selfie wearing a .
so everybody knw i shit 128514 ion proof read shit let ah bitch call me dumb ima back dey ass up 128526 .
128525 crazy things about the pussy that you should know sure u know http8230 .
chicks wait til their hair is all broken down to go natural in their but bitch about the young fro from .
yooocaly hoes .
shouldve gone for the sliced pony after all annie mkr .
customers at like you make the prices like no bitch i dont .
can i have a bad bitch without no to meet me without no .
beautifulkeezy 8220100046729 you been the side hoe .
how much im feeling you u cant compete with girls who throw the pussy im just gonna always take the l .
send that bitch a smiley face bitches love smiley faces .
1wayhustle bitches love niggas that got bitches .
pussy so good i juss save that shit for .
kobe aint no hoe .
me n niccas ya type neva s wanna talk down n still gain from us .
patricechienne trill on a plate with smooth stuff perfect for with problems mkr .
get a real hair cut faggot i served my country in the for 8 years what have u done .
brianfenton eh it doesnt bother me .
m1sp er into a single model i mean from multiple or whatever .
this bitch think she fancy with her old ass get the fuck on .
getting ike in 4th parker a no 1 amp back while still hitting on top picks champion .
they need at least a 48 to stay in the mkr competition can katie amp nikki survive elimination .
karma is a bitch .
hoes get in this bitch talk about irrelevant shit 128514128514128514 .
in what world would you not be disappointed with that mkr .
if i ever saw jones in person id kill her on sight i hate that bitch more than anything in life .
lol you can only get in at when youre 18 all the bitches there are fat .
the man who captured was wearing a yankees cap .
kardashian pregnant by french she put in work and popped that pussy lmao .
making every bitch feel important .
dont get your main bitch and side bitch confused theres a big difference .
if yall niggas gon be gay why yall gotta be so over the top dressing up in bitch shit that women wouldnt even dare wear smh .
are you single but your pussy is in a relationship .
henny cups on all that ice bitch im froze up .
bitch .
sounded like a god damn bear just fell out of my trees might be time to stop pissing outside and piss bucket up in this bitch .
professord karlthepagan i thought about this idea and i would like it but in general ive seen e quality drop in past 5 yrs .
my teacher always says has a man ever abused his wife while using marijuana not unless she hides the oreo cookies then she deserves it .
ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip .
teabaggers are anti american hows it feel to hate your country .
for years two fan and indiana have said they do things the right way while uk and others are my ho8230 .
burnt pussy lips 128514128514128514 .
she said she dont like the fact that i smoke cigarettes well sorry i dont like the fact that youre a hoe .
only hoes get followers on instagram .
once again kat and andre make it through again which mkr producers dick did they suck to get through im fucking hate them .
from should just be to ferguson 2 birds 1 stone .
if i wore a tutu no bitch would want me 128514128514 thats what our dog is gonna be telling himself everyday 128529 .
based god fucked all my bitches .
tbt when i took my monkey jimmys .
most of the rattlesnake bites that are on males often who r intoxicated and start teasing the snake .
pendragontarot we cant take any action other than offering advice and assistance person targeted has to report it to police .
this bitch said use my titties as a bag .
all the hoes loyal .
love a bitch fight .
is da colored folk allowed to join cuz in my hood folk worried about da watermelon not and da chicken too small .
yall folks basic ya parents both racist im these hoes out here beatin cases .
niggas loose they down bitch for a bitch who down to snitch .
never messed with a hoe that went to jail unless i didnt know her last name .
fish for breakfast um no thanks maybe lunch mkr but good on them getting crispy skin on a bbq .
mkr those sausages look do they even know what they are doing .
o3millz 1bookieg bitch we fuck who dont like8221 i dont like .
done everything but trust these hoes .
lil 16 yo in trouble for beatin a bitch showing the judge zero respect lol brooklyn niggas and they temper .
i wanna be someones bitch ass boyfriend right now but that just me head playin games on ya boi .
when ya side hoe playing too much amp all you want is head .
hestiahdruid are those any good .
hoes if youd marry .
ivanrabago maniac3x woodyafc we should play together soon ive been playing with random faggots but its fun .
the best way to make a hillbilly do something is to tell him he cant do it .
randiebooks bot fight .
kayysavage bitch ion talk to 3 128514128557 shit ion even talk to 1 can you even name 1 lol .
kiefferjason nigga i really dont give a flying fuck but if u wanna talk shit then back your words up and scratch stop being a little bitch .
heres an idea give them and make it a real sudden death mkr .
i cant stand split keyboards doesnt work well with .
physical amp bed these bitches frame is trash skinny .
these hoes be trying doing .
thompsonera hahaha she to much of a thottie for fear captain is here to save that hoe 128526 .
dumb bitch .
dont like these mkr no girls .
is dem i wants to has my but da twitter say day shut my colored ass down .
thank you for proving my bitch ass wrong tonight .
it wasnt released in asia period including japan which is sony country it was released in australia .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx pussy shots from a c .
fake ass hoes all around .
aint fuckin wit nomore hoes got who i want .
these bitches dont want no boyfriend they want a pimp .
boot up for u hoe so girls that take bc are hoes 128056974965039 .
foxnews foxnews projects that wyoming mike will defeat democratic charlie hardy election2014 .
he called me a bitch and he said he was changing do you call that changing i dont think so how about you go fuck yourself pissed .
this is really drasco mkr .
you said thats yo bitch but that bitch look fu 128551 .
vivaalakatyy jfritzy lompartayy thats all the action youll probably get bitch .
wait thats noooo butt naked bitch 128514128514128514128514128514 awwwww boy .
girlziplocked jason hahaha .
i thought you was talm bout the school wifi i was gon say all you had to do was ask a bitch 128514128557 .
how paul gonna pick up the ball after a score and bitch to and the warriors bench without getting a t .
bitch i was out dea and your ass was sleep .
pussy pussy pussy .
if dey go to together she gon eat that pussy befo they come back .
told me to leave them lightskin boys alone shit bitch i did 9995128514 .
mom what happened to insert old friend name you used to be close me fuck that bitch .
all these hoes always talkin shit about there guy look bitch if your gonna talk shit to me ill be happy to smack you in yo8230 .
went comic shopping tonight with shanselman alexlifschitz thequinnspiracy super fun time .
cant believe there is another round of instant restaurants but i really sheri amp emilie my fave team gets through mkr .
that blind date last night is why i dont do blind dates all she did was call me sexist because i like being .
cheeseplus youre going to be in town d yay .
you and that bbw shit can get tf off this planet take these stud hoes with you too .
is 72 out of a lie in 2nd place mostly driven up by illegal aliens w anchor babies .
xdsmooth these bitch been sayin they was leaving since 3 .
how young is this hoe with a pillow .
i cant stand this fat bitch next to me with her hairy ass legs kiss imik .
aye i respect ya hustle and all but dont tweet me anymore trash ass u kindly .
facts both then niggaz is pussy nd ill tag em both nd cassidy by my nigga let .
jordan536633 heydenbunsyolo birdlovin shut yo cracker jack buck teeth ass am a native and a nigga the best kind .
sometimes you dont wanna fuck the bitch but her head so good you end up fucking .
funnypicsdepot bitches in middle school be like .
moms bomb .
dont shake your head at me i just love to trash talk .
kat and andres reaction to annie and lloyd was disgusting they so deserve to be eliminated with extreme prejudice mkr mkr2015 .
females be 14 acting 18 turning up like they 21 throwing the pussy like they 25 but still cant pass .
forget to salute trash the other guy for the bad war during ii w gays hurting thanks king .
joebudden women all over america are the value of pussy .
sounds like the over bird flu a few years back it had a lower rate than the regular flu .
my apt complex turns away all packages  .
what was that knob to get shit back in focus when it started getting fuzzy .
girl acting like im staring at i just cant laugh at your worth staring at anyways .
why give a bitch an inch when she rather have nine .
1stblocjeremiah corny ass hoes always got my name in they mouth .
bitch im me so who u .
dswizzle3 oh hell no u have no swag whats so ever not even a little bit with dem cheap ass and why so have a rag on bitch u not black .
its so difficult to choose between the two teams isnt it behaviour much mkr .
some army females just bitch about everything .
i will literally confront some bitch asses fo trill .
arent they the best there story is here now its time to visit our yellow friends at .
kiefferjason sbsylvester u call me dumb but u speak on shit u dont know nothing about yea look whos fucking talking retard .
the only part of the awards that i liked was the dykes part of the amp the old female .
if u know how to french inhale ur a bad bitch .
third party keyboards on ios 8 trash .
thank you based pee slit .
only in cleveland are browns fans going to bitch about a blow out win this week .
next you could ask the grand wizard of the kkk why so many are this poor souls views cunt tcot p2 foxnews .
yo bitch go wild more miles on her pussy then my car do .
bitch 128530 yeah it was me caught me red handed sorry .
fvnxy hes the fuck her right in the pussy guy .
i got it theyre bringing the slam dunk contest to mkr .
if you like chocolate or and you tweet bad about are a fuckin retard .
i believe another nice irish expression would be colin is a mkr .
yall bitches better stop the .
if youre looking for a monitor arm this one is pretty and works well .
rpopbox boxing yeah he definitely wasnt the same guy who fought but he cuts the ring off well which should be a huge boon to .
she used to be more fun as a hoe this new you is to positive .
short bitches run sht .
my anaconda dont my anaconda anaconda none unless you got goals hun smh white ass niggah .
in between her thighs right by her pussy gtgtgt its only right .
a break from your regularly scheduled programming to all the students out there .
joytooawesome vintagemonroe 128528 bitch yall relationship aint shit but a theory .
free bird .
when you look like trash and someone compliments you .
why cant girls just admit that they want the dick as much as us guys want the pussy human nature duhh .
if we get any trick of i will be giving out android advice so stop on in faggots .
me amp hubby relaxing from the studio for a headed str8 to my honey doo wop bday bash .
fuck a wcw dats my bitch not my .
if you dont know uncle jj your a bitch .
chill bitch .
sht diponline if k michelle was apart of baltimore twitter shed be one of them hoes saying shes smh .
dont got a problem smacking a bitch .
annie you crazy hoe 128514128514128514 .
kush blunt convos a simple minded ho made this pic i bet .
srhbutts ok i have to say that i at least love how they are sticking to the correct .
feeling quite sorry for the nsw promo bitches mkr .
new single is trash her britney and fergie have to give it up and go raise your kids and .
lt3 kathy sierra everything she writes is pretty awesome .
all the bitches love me .
eagles fucking trash .
i dont care how hot a bitch is if her personality is shit shes shit .
drink pussy juice nigga .
and im sure you all the tiny on your own clothes not women .
200 lines of driven perl good times .
this be me 104120410412041041204 cuh went from its time to settle down to where the hoes at 104120410412041041204 .
unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes and unloyal guys turn good women into bitches .
bitch im starving .
menshumor cheating on a good woman is like eating out of the trash instead going out for steak truth .
females nowadays dont like to do anything freaky because you niggas gossip about it like bitches .
honestly if the most ratchet bitch asked me to her prom im in .
youfoundthecard indeed but ive been since was still around for some of that fun used to work on really old too .
i fucked ur bitch after i got bingo .
im not liking them very much  they are a bit mean katandandre mkr .
women are never tired .
i hate im my own wcw ass bitches .
lilduval its some good side bitches out here dont let nobody tell u different .
cristiannt bitch am not gonna shut shit up feel free to join them .
spacekatgal glad to hear from the .
black americans are worse off under well to cries of uncle tom 8230 .
my once told me that having your hat on at a table is rude mkr .
when your side bitch tries to hug you in public .
i tell it how it is if yu ain uh bitch or uh hoe i call yu by yo name .
pom poms you make that shit yeahhhh .
you a bitch for .
im no sexist but .
gidgitvonlarue exactly how the hell do you fuck up breakfast mkr .
you can roll and what you got to eat system my nig .
i cant wait until were in a position to be able to share more details but not yet its early days .
jbradfield wadhwa freebsdgirl personal agendas like wanting to work in tech without having their lives and threatened e .
im getting too many friend from people i dont know id rather just manage a page and keep all that stuff separate from pics of leo .
im not the brightest but i can guess her game a lil and i know how much of attention whores those bitches are .
hot isis social media photo laughing jihadis get baby to kick severed head 8211 warning graphic lnyhbt tgdn .
love my bitches mckinley719 .
only know the difference between redneck and white trash .
2k are retarded who would put a 510 point guard at the 3 tho .
you just started a whole other situation you dumb cunt .
while you hatin bitch .
never understood how people can do ikea flat pack but cant do a tent mkr .
davis wig is still stuntin on you hoes in the most beautiful way htgawm .
ill send dick pics to your bitch quick .
callneeshcakey bitch i know stfu 128514 .
i love it .
this stay in this ghetto ass neighborhood .
whelp i reported his account for ban if it doesnt go through ill see about manually .
sitting on the deck enjoying a the neighbors burn trash missouri .
harry must thincc im the bitch he can fall bacc on ah sum 128514128557 boi byeeeee .
get some head off twitter now niggahs thats 10412041041204 ima baby momma killa yo bitch she can get it 1043359 you .
thanks walking dead bro steve for come on you you want to live forever dog .
atonal440 ralphcrafts im pretty entertained in that i only see half of the conversation .
bitches naked .
after a of the moment roast lamb for 7 its i should apply for mkr .
when ya name gain weight ya ex bitches cant let go .
sfthewolf i dont like the women in at all but im not going to say those comics shouldnt exist .
bitch you got too many teeth in your mouth .
mkr2015 mkr bye bye my kitchen rules the block theblock .
bitch .
amaninblack sigh prob a public figure which you are like it or not is that when you say shit like this it causes a storm .
tell a hater i said fuck you tell your bitch i said fuck you .
midnightsnacka u calling me a pussy but u not bout shit fuck all this talking lets pop shit off then .
kingtunchi i need a real bitch .
thequinnspiracy everything is going to be ok dude theres a fucking bear in the house maybe we should talk about that .
that one niggah that grab the aux cord and start playen weak ass music .
these hoes going broke trying to look rich act your wage .
dragonflyjonez his jeans dont let him lie to you hes sick how you know the pussy overrated ht8230 .
drawing myself an organic powdered milk bath with rose and clams eww what just kidding its mr .
i got hella .
just touch down in jamaica tryna smoke two send a nigguh to his .
too bad hes a faggot .
in 2014 im to perfect my bitch face .
none of my bitches can stay over .
thetrudz a cis ww celeb rosie who claims to interview people cannot handle questions on her upcoming guest e .
king was fire vianawf king ti vs tip and that albums all trash8221 most def .
i wonder if the girl that gave head to 24 boys for a drink in has twitter she sends nudes for fags .
theeccles lloyd and drasko think camping is going to be easy for mean people have being calling them camp for years mkr .
kirindave uh hi im going to call you on that line right there what rating do you play at in wow .
brownbagpantry lauriejwillberg however their accounts were just asking you to not encourage this .
thatslutadrian bitch ask a day off .
apple need to add some colored emoji .
killallsimps bitches love posting them goals pics showing a range mansion and money everywhere bitch you unemployed .
gravitypike er like i would expect .
well id love to stay and chat but youre a total bitch .
i just want the money ian trippin on these hoes .
adamschein i think it is flat out wrong to blame brian for the 2014 yankees .
tomcatstraight punching smelly turtle pussy .
thedarius bitch just be looking for my shit .
dealing with journalists interviews are back and forth not a even if the is a woman wadhwa .
gorgeouscamry ight bitch ima see u .
she thru me dat pussy but i never caught it u asking me why yo it got to much .
yall bitches only muslim when yall hair fucked up ctfu stop that .
gmbace if u wife a bitch den she represent dnt wife da wrong bitch .
okay hey tech industry contacts i need to talk to someone from atlassian and uh yeah that should be good for now .
why jon hates birds .
clicquotsuave the new nip dropped today .
anisasothick the next call will be to w your id your sex reviews amp your ad bitch i warned you you lie i have facts .
got niggahs salty at meeeee cause yo dream bitch is ma main slide .
i just want the bad hoes and i wanna reach the children .
shoulda came to bird mans that shit was so lit .
o m g you like stop me im like bitch fuck you thought she like niggah fuck you mean .
its funny when u get a black female mad they start acting ghetto then a bitch .
hoes b soo lost dey forget dey hoes .
oh those were for reasons not necessarily with tonight in mind .
jillwetzler omg yes .
yesyouresexist but youre ugly .
purple monkey .
redskins im not a liberal amp i support changing the name it standard political .
gossipcop they are all idiots except the rest are just slutty ass bitches .
gave that bitch an e pill bitches love fucking wit they ex .
update u are still a bitch .
onebrightlight ive been talking to 2 employees and i heard about a lot of the internal politics re gg its enough to make me stay .
huntermoore yeah fuckin sick ass bitch .
u serious bro lol early bird special .
flappy bird makes me want to smash my fuckin screen .
going through my computer and found the shake that monkey video we made freshman year in 128514128514 was too short .
rickygervais humans are closer to than are to but we are all apes have a great day you clever .
chanelisabeth fuck yo bitch ass then .
iemonaids id break that little bitches finger .
sirgoldenrod sloshedtrain2 themirai srhbutts moldybars because they have no legitimate complaints even says it works fine .
my entire school you dont talk much me youre all cunts .
but you cant tell a broke bitch nothin 128514128514128514 128056974965039 .
nice to know i made him mad then  .
nobody wants to be with a except bum bitches .
king ti vs tip and that albums all trash .
these get free pizza every day and dont tip shit also never give us any business game is over .
please stay safe you guys i love you so much i hoe to one day meet you guys happy halloween .
broke bitches on my tl .
provides gender studies via pop culture which is a in a country where schools cant .
too much pause for effect pete evans just dramatic mkr2015 mkr .
danielleisanerd it was up on 8chan someone probably has an somewhere .
all my bitches attractive .
top 4 get safety from elimination mkr .
tryhardalby looks like youre gonna blow someone fag .
my name is with an i you idiot .
camilla cant tell the difference between the taking it really well and just taking it coz its free mkr .
so y we ordering lunch at work to be delivered n its like 10 ppl goin n n im the only one wit a card n this ho gonna say .
pennythegoat right in the pussy .
freebsdgirl i think the apple uses bsd without you one is still my favorite .
maybe ill love you one day maybe well someday grow till then just sit your drunk ass on that runway hoe .
but why does my school always have prom on friday the like this isnt some freddy vs jason shit even tho some bitches gonna look it 128554 .
what can i say im a son of a bitch .
these hoes out here be goin up but we not at you bitches thats what hoes do .
can someone smash that bottle of rose amp lime over draskos head please mkr .
them trick niggas splurge on the pussy give me one day ill purge on that pussy yoooo .
so she can try amp claim innocence but statistics paint her as being someone to avoid and ive been in her for a while oh well .
i can be a sweetheart honestly but being a bitch is my .
i hate when ppl break up a fight like idc if they best friends sisters whatever let them bitches fight ctfuu .
i8217m a bitch you8217re a bitch your a bitch for having a bitch your a bitch for fucking a bitch now who8217s t8230 .
katie amp nikki need to show more effort i hope they win mkr .
mkr 3 the girls are gonna be pissed about that .
my cracker ass honkie .
if viagra was for bitches itd be called .
if you dont say thank you after someone holds the door open for you youre a bitch .
you suppose to keep your hoes from finding out about each other .
bitch foh .
listen here bitches cheat on they bitch but be soooooo hurt when they bitch cheat back8221 .
wisdomstature bitch we coulda been at the stores looking .
seanbonner not to mention poverty levels in some other countries where this amount would be or what about teenagers .
lol colored contacts played out .
xx fat bitches with normal sized legs be looking like car keys .
wussup pussies .
one of the girls looks a bit like mkr .
liveanduncut when i say i dont necessarily mean hoe or scandalous it could be a number of things .
feb 4 retro .
lmaoo jaetips bruh make a song called uber and the hook can be that uber make that pussy wet .
onebrightlight github has been great for that love them .
the bitches behind me are so annoying .
was pretty sexist but on first they ignore you then they laugh at you then they fight you then you win .
im from so i know its bad it aint like you live in foh .
i keep these hoes in check until they bounce .
even these pretty bitches mad self if that instagram pic dont get love it gets .
way harsh bank account application .
1dittlinger went from being a big fat snitch to a skinny bitch either way hes nothing but a .
you watching this trash .
lmao nigga yo avi so trash my phone wont even load that shit .
fightsonvine bruh this bitch is possessed by the thot demon .
mckinley719 bitch i will kill yo vibe .
nah i definitely gotta find me a bitch to drive me around in my whip while im drunk to this ty dolla tape b its only right .
i put lotion on bitch ass nigga .
i wanted to see that but i like trash sometimes lol .
femaies i swear 128514 we in this forever now bitch .
sorry i couldnt help myself .
karate bitch .
look at that bitch right there right there .
was fuckin trash .
where is this place mkr mkr2015 .
jac a bitch wit dry weave fuck i look like hoe .
so scared for hate new gonna think im this quiet girl but really im the craziest bitch theyll ever meet .
all these damn bitches on my phone line .
lol thots be like 128073 smco71 shainarakia only great thing these bitches can offer 1285141285141285148221 .
lets just say the hotel ive been staying at isnt going to want this hand back i had no idea i could turn em that shade of yellow .
edgarguillenjr blakeanderson21 you aint 6 feet under its not over pussy .
zp3 the little girl tom gets trapped in the cave along with joe and almost die joe dies and they find his treasure .
rip plate brownies large tea fries beans potato salad .
birds of a feather at the museum .
moreacceptablethors racist uncle thor thor cocky thor dmv employee thor .
my bitch look like a black barbie n nigga imma doll breath smellin like filet mignon and .
daijahshardaee 8220100046729 i need a .
why do bitches hate on another bitch relationship 128129 .
the shadows are going the other way now time for some lunch mkr .
lmao ive always wanted to my ass or not im hoe fit and all .
titan4ever2488 how do yankees fans look back on time with the team .
netflix heres your first look at charlie as matt in on netflix .
8220cbmarie i need to find is both a damn job 8220whatevaittakes cbmarie needs to find a bitch a .
am sorry i cant stand stand some black females especially the full africans bitches being have std and shit i prefer white girls .
if you aint my bro your bitch single in my eyes .
start telling all bitches how to live their lives can we get advice from .
imyungjay working on music be in studio soon nicca .
playing with my life i might be i working bitch this semester cuz im not paying outta pocket .
coolin my nig laugh .
iamstan is any good ive never used it didnt realize i could an entire drive either .
girls be like i love you babe lt3 hoe isnt that today .
stupid ignorant bitch stopped by in the to support a great business .
all these faggots posting faces about to get the hot unfollow .
kingtunchi fucking with a bad bitch you gone need some money lil homie .
that spear chucker hell no .
and bullying i didnt know u could bully over the internet and the bitch came at me so idk why u in my mentions bruh .
im lifted before im stiff out of this bitch .
omfg blackmilk youre killing me .
need my dick 1 bitch i need 999665039 sluts .
friendlyassh0le how bitches be when soccer players take their shirt off .
sschinke oh well .
the rest of the world to your every whim go enjoy all of that and shoot your huge mouths off im here for women first and .
yesyoureracist better yet odds each person thinks their tweet is super clever and original .
holder asks what has had to deal with that kind of tell the whiny little bitch to call an8230 .
i that hoe 2 dnt make a rite now she wanna sing .
lol thats why i aint fuck with i never wanna be a hoe .
till dat hoe .
nah i replied to you like i did to literally everyone else who called it trash go and check if you dont believe me .
too many pretty bitches got the sore throat red bones .
laceeybugg atleast i dont have dick breath you twat .
how many toys can be on his head .
kuroishi11 0xabad1dea the swap amp sale page on facebook is good for finding older pieces at normal prices .
ripvuhsace mayweather a lil bitch this nigga out here dancing .
trash liars these law students are terrible liars htgawm .
ferguson area borrow 2 read books amp keep stuffed animal amp info sheet .
is this bitch for real im heated bruh .
triplecz3g lmao take off thru cant do shit but make hooks da only 1 solid but i kno niccas been tellin him dat .
i always listen to ghetto ass rap when i get ready for football games .
someone needs to give these bitches a or ten .
all da white folk off twitter yet da colored tweet at night while yall sleep cuz you gotta woyke tomorrow .
cooking breakfast in the nude is wifey status fuck no i have actually cooked before amp i aint about to get no grease burns on my .
happy friday off to to sit down with the gang on this us in the 8 oclock ho8230 .
that bitch told me to control myself i told her to go find yourself .
bring back the more interesting teams thank god mkr .
if he has a girlfriend dont be a hoe and text him who u r .
home for imaginary trash8221 whoa show was everything tf .
child support you mean .
i thought it was raining because of the sound on the roof but it was just birds exploding from the heat .
all you gotta do is be funny witty and charming and the bitches will come to you naturally you aint even gotta do shit but be yourself .
uncle charlie just got thru lip .
happy birthday little bitch boy .
kitttyjpg nah that bitch stank .
never trust a bitch who has a fresh copy of master p album .
this crow in just won at pic by steve black via .
128514128514128514 got bitches at home scrolling ig like .
in which wadhwa only calls out the women who criticize him and not the men .
im getting trash talked by a 8 year old wtf .
its official i leave america 3rd see ya bitches in february have fun with winter for me .
hunglikerobby triple6em96 no you threatened us bitch dont try to make it what its not 978665039 .
i can be a bitch and im fine with .
silly bitch shit never sleeps huh .
shoulda named the mkr .
im not saying shes a slut but her favorite shade of lipstick is pussy .
loving this challenge mkr .
people are taking this chris paul thing way to far joke notsexist .
i been in atlanta 15 mins nd got 2 bad hoes numbers .
this why i need bitches .
my gals ash and camilla win mkr .
hollyrfisher because its hilarious how it makes teabaggers freak out ill do it again too .
oh i see its jennofhardwire sending her little harassment squad after me like we cant see right through her innocent act .
we dont hire bitches .
for the memories campers mkr .
she can stay as close as she nigguh .
back door cuts still go un iu hoosiers .
bouta take a shower just to fuck yo bitch .
gt kylegotjokes all good pussy comes with a price tag .
so my daughter seen charlie questions on 1000 128514128514128514128514 .
thecoreyholcomb all these bitches somewhere coughing like a .
thought you might find this amusing .
i swear yall broads with a new bitch every cant even get one girlfriend maybe something is wrong with me .
an dont put them in positions to be successful the offensive struggles can all be put on gardner program is trash .
momma always told me i was crazy am the hoes say im amazing but i dont listen to a lady .
hes doesnt he like darkskin hoes he like lightskin hoes he like asians as long as they bad .
flawlessdv i also like how im called the hoe when ive been saying stop .
beautiful fairy dress .
when i see young angry feminists being so much better at this than i was at their age it just makes my heart .
jtrimbl3 youre a sensitive pussy whooped no sense of humor neo zoom now sit your ass all the way down .
louievree dat bitch a tampon .
lol lebron a bitch now that basketball is back say goodbye to sports center its lebron center now .
carelessone92 im not hollywood at all my nig u brought me to twitter n .
gettin a lil midnight snack best in town with my nigs and .
shit hoes post on instagram pt 1 .
mkr dont be scared of colin dont forget youre holding the knives .
the mother and son team are sooooo nice mkr .
and does he know youre calling him a fag .
omg i love the thats bc i am one they are great mkr .
not hard kind of a hoe 128513 .
when did soft shell crab become a thing im glad it did crab chilli salt amp crunch fantastic mkr .
ill break any bitch nigga down i dont care about your size .
my mother raised a cunt lol .
and my shit off go suck a cock .
royal city of the kings at river was the seat of the who egypt http8230 .
money has bin on my mind lately so i think its time to leave the hoes alone and get with the program 128176 .
badcathal yesyouresexist you should really just get your own account ditch any voice of the community .
its allegations were u in the bedroom did u see it words of a amp blind bitch we know ur husband cheated on u is dumb .
anglosaxon mike oz .
unions essay on nude photo as a new form of sexual abuse is everything .
are ugly thot bitch shoes .
last of the day amp our hopes rest with demon in the mykitchenrules mkr .
ref finally calls it when its an arm ball but those hoes didnt count the hand ball in the mexico game k .
i aint got time for a hoe tell her hop in the whip amp shut the doe .
again again u want us to go thru this again ffs give us a break stop treating the golden us like idiots mkr .
gewt your face is a pain .
aye little bitch yall niggas 128514128514128514 .
louievree eating pussy is dangerous bitches be trying to snap your fucking neck .
dylanw not sure if i can still see a kaiser doctor with that .
im obviously from cause crazy and jealous bitch .
ilovegarick sure email me randirandiio .
killin these niccas n i hate all my ex hoes .
love vicky and celine mkr .
niggas bitches getting .
giants pitiful mets pitiful pitiful ny sports pitiful .
twitter is twitter bitch twitter is life .
grandma really like a nig for real i should have tried to fo real .
mmm taste that mkr .
im sippin hot tea bitch .
beenbasedb do this nigga think he mick foley .
you can only say the word negro if its attached to the word league then were totally cool guys .
mustard is my avi was big tits this would be an epic tweet .
and take the trash out and separate the .
is home so much this bitch looks like lets start with ape .
if ur a sassy ass bitch .
jtrimbl3 for real lil bitch .
i loved her as much and as long as i could ma niggah .
rick scott beating win number in 30 charlie crist in 13 .
let them hoes be yall bitches be really reaching for the look .
why do these hoes think its cute to take pictures kissing eachother .
all these bitches wanna be like kim k and fuck their way into being rich but it dont work like that get a degree amp work a desk job you hoe .
im pretty sure commercials are the most vile of the .
oh hell is blizzard tweets instead of sending the tweet content directly to twitter from the wow client .
blackamazon i miss the days where i could be more of an asshole .
i cant stand a stuck up bitch .
blacknerdjade rape her bitch nigga latry you see her passed out drunk what do you do ht8230 .
iu should make me an student id be way cooler than the other international students i have my own football card hoosiers .
freegeezy17 nigga look my size plus it get hit in the ass an look like its been fighting all its life ill sneak dat bitch an run .
its funny how this page quoted my tweet about the term camel bc i am a fucking you dumbass 128529 .
japanese teen has her pussy by a .
know that karmas too real hope you doin cool but still stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin with .
mykitchenrules kat is a boot her off mkr .
bout to beat this case like a pussy nigga .
bitch goin .
i had these cute little pet names for my ex like ass monkey amp i just dont know where that re .
oh no please dont sue me im shaking in my bright pink sneakers .
i love how my brother actually tries to understand his girl and see her point of view when they argue instead of being a bitch about it .
fear the queer .
people be so angry tonight on dis here it hard for a colored man to see all dis anger like bein in a waffle house in mississippi .
and this old hillbilly are hilarious together .
old bitches love having a garden .
yankees down 61 yankees look to rally in the bottom of the 9th .
128557128514 boa im trying see if that bitch was going or not me amp vick stay about he dont get hoes128514 .
just saw someone riding a bike while wearing camo the bitch is asking to get hit .
also paradoxicalmike i know one ho in particular who loves pointing out that everyone else is a ho lol .
that bit got and all i see ya lha bitch .
if i knew that kat and andre were gonna score strategically id probably score high just to counter them and hopefully get rid of them mkr .
and is the shows bad ass vampires turn into spineless pussys and little bitches .
kayliefarmer hey now theres no need for foul language you kike .
nyrkelsmads im not a bully you talking device i you im no bully .
ass shouldve threw him off first of all its wop and those piercing trashy as hell .
amitchellll13 ur seriously a hate .
i tell a bitch dont my shit unless u .
fuck what a bitch saying the hood love me .
stfu redneck white trash head ass .
photo haha bitch ass hit that hoe with that caption 128557128514 .
lowkey apple made ios 8 like this so niggas get caught and have to buy their bitches iphone to make up .
if you talk back to me you aint getting no .
back then hoes didnt want me now im hot they all on me8221 .
dont dog pile his mentions just you this info is wrong .
lil hoe .
cavs trash too .
mala well now you might have some idea as to why ive been so slow on responding p .
he gonna take da bitch or naw .
degenerateartist isnt a bitch walks back his isnt a witch who questions a im a who evolves your absurd .
saintneko secretgamergrrl viviangames quick kiss a boy and show me your birth .
gamergate is an mob speak up get threats amp dogpiled speak about the threats get mocked amp dogpiled .
took this bitch 3 months to put a scarf on smfh .
randiebooks this guy thinks im randi harper have we met .
can kat repeat the same joy she had for annie failing towards her own mkr .
charlie not fukin around in austin every week somebody getting kicked off the team .
fest in dallas this year fuck yeah bitch .
im old school ill smack a bitch .
aarondagloria yesyouresexist youre not either stop making .
lynne and tony are going home theyre too likeable mkr mkr2015 .
is more racist misogynist trash as high art skip .
i have never actually seen a yellow duck .
please excuse my bitch ass phone its been a hoe lately .
im referring to the second down put vick in play trash .
that ass so perfect we cant help it yall diss hoes but praise nicki minaj everyday i dont understand niggas man .
using to find the slope of that ass .
the person below is a cunt .
well you got to see pete .
128175 i wish the bitch would .
beautiful smiles and colored .
imtoblame although i will concede that bitch bought into the bitches to dwight tho .
how tall are you i keep getting different answers from different people 127806128064127806 abo8230 .
aint nobody got no time fo dat ghetto black lady voice .
i been with the same stud for a bitch her attitude nasty .
ignore sorry i called you a bitch uncalled for .
play me for stupid because im far from it you bitches might be stupid but not me 128581 .
we talk about gamergate a lot but the truth is gamergate isnt the real battle its a of a larger problem .
7 out of 10 taxstone every bitch in houston look good .
ive eaten there ive seen that guy the old ordering everyone around fuckthanksgiving .
come watch me run circles round the rap game like my name was chip kelly in this bitch h8230 .
thats hangover food you annie and lloyd mkr .
if its a kat and annie showdown the sudden death could be literal mkr .
thenudesgod it kills me when bitches think that just bc they got a low body count that they not a hoe .
put that on everything i love aint no ugly bitch finna talk to me crazy in my car id put her ass out and make her walk .
or if we pick you up in sc and take you with us nip to .
shriekapotomos crashoverridenw i help everyone that asks im not here to pass on anyone that comes looking for help .
happy birthday to the nigga missing you and follow my new account british cunt .
other jihadi news isis executed coz he amp with with his .
these hoes too familiar .
falls in that pussy like quick sand 128524 .
all public are by in a shame circle until the cops show up amp write a ticket .
i i either just got really lucky or somehow found a way around the ashran uh .
hiddenhorcrux paleo pete mkr .
clever monkey .
mkr tonight sassy overload  .
u stupid bitch .
when hoes think i got sucker nigga written across my forehead .
mkr watching mkr australia .
breakfast of champions shrimp balls no french fries nd a nice big clam for8230 .
doing someone wrong for the sole reason that they did you wrong will only bring more negative karma amp energy into your .
if you going to fuck on camera at least be a freak not a boring 45 year ol lady what they got this hoe under granny porn .
drift0r im not arguing with a mansplaining white boy who doesnt actually want to learn facts so bye .
dont sweat these hoes they come wit the money 128527 .
lil bitch coulda let me go i was right by my house .
gemmanoon its really fun watching patterns in all of this regarding various groups i think itll be useful .
fml 128545 my period on 8221 cant pop that pussy now huh .
why you stressin bout a bitch .
a bunch of people poked me about some article that was written eh i dont really care that much .
cant even sleep in the fucking car because this mother fucker drives like a retard and the breaks too hard .
i was at a red light on amp lake amp some bitch that knew me was too happy to see bitch was finna get in my passenger seat .
it was the 2 points kat took off to be strategic mkr .
you got the hoes lol verballyabrupt yall i found this letter on my car .
i couldnt press send that tweet about anchor babies was even too raw for me .
i didnt wanna see your hoe ass pictures anyways take care of your fuckin kids too .
world war z is on netflix yasssss bitch yasssss .
ur ex girlfriend is a fr f dat hoe .
karma is coming back to bite annie and lloyd mkr .
im not sexist but can someone get me this tshirt please .
these bitches are slutty enough without the lol damn .
you see me texting you bitch .
rebelliousmidy lls omg omg me too getting by my bby father smh on ig bout hw he miss me bitch please .
thequinnspiracy nimoy you fucking dont you even watch star trek .
so much to hate .
man who da fuck let this hoe in the background looking like a got damn zebra betawards .
got all the hoes 128557 .
users want in abuse but theres a in this it can allow people to game the system .
video on talking trash while facing during 8211 httpt8230 .
fuck my garrison .
honestly at this point i doubt id fuck miley cyrus anymore that bitch is a mess .
tell these hoes i love them just to fuck em .
its almost christmas charlie brown .
i love them stripper bitches .
mskeekee90s throw it up like a pizza get in that pussy like a feature 128514128514128514 tndyy .
1stnamebravo we all know this nigga a bitch niggas got nerve on twitter .
0xjared mmmyers zython86 chriswarcraft p fwiw im usually pretty careful about calling for the head of anyone .
idntwearcondoms how im a hoe if i only fucked 2 men bitch cuz they was best friends .
dont trust a bitch whos nail is off .
bitch im the man thats right i said it bitch im the man dont you forget it 128527 .
funny as a fart in an elevator they have treated this lemon tart worse than did mkr .
it is weird that someone from gamergate would be opposed to a video not specific to gamergate talking about harassment so weird right .
jbradfield thats ah all of my kitchen really i have a thing for english tea roses patterns too .
lemme find out you didnt answer my call cause you with that niggah 1041204 .
bjayblast i really dont be tryna hoe nobody i eat we all eat literally .
prayingforhead stop bringing weird niggers into my mentions .
i am so jealous of bitches who can squirt 128530 .
basedamerican aye fam you think you can line me up i saw a bad bitch in mrs room .
funnypicsdepot this the i play soccer cheat on girls and wear khaki coloured cargos haircut .
haha yankees fans are bent out of shape about the graphic .
so thinking male is better than female even if the character is exactly the same is not sexist because .
128514128514 this white bitch think she miley cyrus 128557128557 .
i want to square up with all these hoes .
wat a faggot .
ugly bitches always trynna take pics from the same angle 128553128553128514128514 guess its they best side .
rikkilovee bitch why cant i retweet your shit lol love you hope youre having a great bday .
i cant believe im jealous all i can think is what goddamn bitch was in your room to take a pic of you in bed with your shirt off .
where the mkr .
curious so for the rest of the non bay area country is it normal to see a tweet make news .
vex0rian yes i recall .
i swear i care bout everything but these bitches 128080 .
raikonl ok yeah i am .
oh no no churner good luck to the girls they are gonna need it mkr .
niggas will call a female a hoe or thot then 10 mins later go to and thirst over a porn star .
wagggggie iphone 5 bitch .
and the next surprise announcement the losers will all transition to mkr .
lmao im my pussy popz severely .
for one night absolutely .
wtf show me the hoe facts .
to your nipples couldnt be covered by two trash can .
suck yo momma flappy bird .
l1ldebbie amber rose is everything at the vmas every bitch .
tylar 1stblocjeremiah lol man bitch shut the fuck upppppp .
spark these bitches interests .
dear grumpy bitch at no one wants to hear about your personal life .
cottoncandy9 lmaoooo aye people person so you know lil rico got hoes hahaha .
up runnin these 2k fades with ma niggah leo kod lmfaoo .
marcfoor4 bitch you can get to .
heissarcastic pop a molly why dont some of you hoes start popping birth control .
anildash a friends facebook acct might get shut down because their legal name isnt the name they known by anyone at fb .
iont like yall always talking not even tryna be funny thou bitch i do8230 .
is one of the niccas doin dis shit .
pockets hella empty but these bitches steady choosing .
time to catch up on mkr there are so many nice people and then theres cat and andre .
i dont hold feelings for my old i jus trade dem bitches in like my old range .
ericmariners jc1221 point that bitch out .
bill stealing pussy .
playing with my money is like playing with my emotions niggas dont believe i guess we going to find out then hoe ass niggas .
nah fuck em bitter heat bitches yeiiowbang funny seeing heat and bulls fans get along lol .
im a star jones man myself i love that big bitch .
someone needs to get this boring nike fag off the stage .
why is arizona hot as hell and then literally 5 minutes later its fuckin hurricane katrina up in this bitch .
drakino filmpunk86 georgieonthego failure to appear for expired tags is totes a felony .
i hate these davis commercials bitch is gonna end up either a dyke or a loser like every other female .
im sick and tired of the above the crowd theyre all the same crowd the the up pussies war .
i spy a couple thirsty hoes on insta .
oh hey statistics .
unicorncowboy lvl7eevee dont ignore me faggots c .
i dont like when niggahs be like where yo bitch at na ill check you on that idc who you is mine you .
the hoes love oomf 128527 lol8221 .
you rock lt3 i got a text about it at a very time was all awww hell not now .
keep doing your thing kid people why soon realize your a lying faggot .
sexism out of context sexism joke sexism sexism ironic sexism sexism men get it through your heads .
just lets you know we all self even the pretty bitches .
getemcraig naw hoe let me see if you got .
the solution is simple buy a bitch .
if anyone reviews a 5 game player you are a cunt shouldnt be doing 5 game reviews especially at the start of fifa .
on a lighter note yay no more instant restaurants mkr .
let the hoes tell it man .
bend pick up that trash .
kiefferjason is that all you have to say you sound like a little bitch nagging and shit where u be at .
back in the day when drake was and he made that song with his bitch girlfriend i said he was gonna be a .
i dont think he can beat mayweather but hes far from trash unlike floyd he actually put down .
well is like kind of a dump now that the ghetto moved here since its cheaper to live here so 128514 .
ima beat with pussy up like ray rice hit it with a left i dont need a right remix http8230 .
read this i like this a note on callout culture via .
i swear to god some guys are bigger bitches than girls .
cranboonitz freebsdgirl they have quite the relationship gg points out targets baph and gg  .
p8952 mjg59 but ive only discussed with other members of targeted harassment from this specific group cant speak for other hate groups .
im a single bitch on this money shit .
im thinking there is another round of coming mkr .
if my bitch wear a bacon taking that ass to funky town .
i got more trust in drugs then these dumb ass bitches .
stop fucking calling these legends trash cuz the top artists of our generation take from the legends .
wiz thought he could turn his hoe into a house wife .
kirindave but regardless i posted a screenshot of something i love doing and you made about it being out of date so whatever .
please let katandre go to sudden death mkr .
you guys dont get evolution do you you only share a common with apes .
kfromtheg lol robbing aint the word damn you was robbing them bitches .
oomf is soooo cute but he probably has hoes on him a lot .
lol at angry men writing me through facebook that amount to be nicer when youre being harassed .
its lame that you can buy clothes that look like real military you wear it i will make fun of a 4 star bitch .
liberal head code appear in redskins jackets redskins .
sexualgif when u go through baes phone amp theres no hoes on there .
kat obviously doesnt know how to be mkr .
you tell me im beautiful like you tell every other bitch come on sir .
vonteyisaboss its knives bitch .
or you gotta pay some bills cause pussy aint free dick aint free neither can you pick this tab up please thank you .
or maybe the surprise twist is ash beating nikki with a id watch that mkr .
duh bitch .
here8217s to all the kids who have never found their name on anything in a thanks mom for the ghetto name .
yeah i needed something that directly to my desk i get bored and move furniture sometimes .
fucc niccas dnt want no smoke .
car wreck and the press was covered by in the with a brownie and yell see it all complete .
get the fuck over yourself fag youre an undercover hooker and actually use weave cause youre you are not cute .
idome2 coldhearted9 basically any over a 8 ugly all dem bitches look big long an floppy nh .
longest opening credits ever mkr .
no officer i wasnt drunk driving i was on them hoes .
these hoes really make me laugh lol .
the dude took off running like a bitch .
darwinjames125 how black bitches drive when they fav song come on pt 1 128514128514128514128514128514 128514128514 128514128514128514128514 .
everything wrong with everything in a single screenshot .
neiltyson have you heard that scientists have discovered that in fact bitches do be trippin .
you got that pussy nigga disease aint no ya .
why these thirsty bitches trying to hit me up slide out of my kik lmfaoo 128514 .
cant watch this anymore cringe mkr .
why does drake like williams she looks like a tranny .
kd i need 2 of the bitches .
all these hoes want boyfriends but the last thing i need is more ties .
im wit yo bitch smokin let her keep the mid imma roll this .
is a of oppression an to hate it is an act in empathy in love blacklivesmatter .
ayyy tell that bitch in your avi she needs fix a flat for dat flat .
fake bitches i dont want your .
drunksixthgrade and if you aint a hoe get up out my traphouseeee .
if your main reason for something is because it is popular there is a 100 chance youre a little stupid idiot bitch baby child .
caulkthewagon sorry didnt realize i wasnt allowed to joke about the weather oo .
kxrxsxb sometimes i turn my phone on loud to tweet just to hear the bird truestory .
someone said they were not going to attend supernova but instead donate the money for their ticket towards an org do this .
eating pussy on top of my .
he is not all there and i guess he keeps forgetting that the dog just went outside and ughhhh i want to sleep .
femfreq if theres debate over if oscar movies pass the test because of one line thats a good indication the film has poor .
hate a female that got the mentality of a niggah .
metroidthief deathofrats01 awwwww .
gosh golly how dare she respond professorf chrisvcsefalvay .
she a true boss bitch i respect her .
after you get done running train on a bitch thats on her period no thats nasty .
this bitch just said i hope it like hell this summer 128563 now how in the actual fuck do you expect that to happen .
watch how i stop talking ampamp the bitch still tweets .
i know bitches be mad as shit when they friends borrow their clothes amp its a bunch of girls in her ig comments sayin how cute the outfit is .
why do hoes think its a good idea to air out their dirty laundry at a public place bitch im tryna enjoy my burrito .
itscoleharmon birth control should be mandatory for some of you hoes .
lets go right now bitch and i knocked you last time lets fight right now .
you fucking pussy you couldnt even beat your dick angry youtube comment .
when ever you dog hoes really bad you end up w a girlfriend .
and i just cleaned the entire fucking weight room looked like a tornado went through this franklin .
kincade00 mistaturk5 lmaooo just call my phone if you want them birds migos voice .
whats a trash party .
chik fil a is trash and taco bell will give you the runs .
i be stalking hoes .
harassing and doxxing prevent free speech they are an attempt to silence their targets .
what you gonna do if she cheat cry fight for her no kick that bitch out and go straight to .
tonight i gotta take a dope ass picture wit a bad bitch while im drunk so i can change my avi im tired of seeing this one already .
i say kmichelle is manly because she doesnt act like a too foul at the mouth and have to beat the bitch .
mattjbaldo thats never a problem .
he gotta be colored .
your bitch choosing just letr .
half these bitches be playin because but im far from a .
endless but they really trash so none men how many and do yall have on fri thru sun night .
hypatiadotca tarah i agree 100 with this statement .
mkr tonight sassy overload  .
holy fuck another instant restaurant round give it a fucking rest you cunts mkr .
not to mention the survey does not consider it rape when a man has sex with an unconscious intoxicated woman just like rapists .
she be thinking she throwing that pussy back so good and all she doing is throwing ya nut process off .
world of warcraft related things .
of of the via youtube black metal hell .
eevee manamifox femfreq that has got to be one of the insults ive ever seen by an .
like say real niggas got a heart too it just take a real bitch for him to show it .
and yes i said bitch .
i really think ppl defending cassidy throw on hotel at the crib when bitches are comin over .
coffee just so im going to finish this story quickly .
one thing about it im a loyal a nicca .
i fell in love wit my side bitch crazy thing she wasnt even my bitch .
gop nominee for charlie bakers story falls apart he deserves an oscar for his play crying http8230 .
but have you ever had on .
coming soon on a bitch nigga .
not happy mkr .
souljaboy kmichelle ur pussy smell like dumpster juice 128169 .
you was never with me if you let what another bitch say change your actions towards me 128080 .
in this country needs a solution not more .
will be interesting to watch how in this weekend cars basically the guinea pigs for later this month .
bitch the fuck its wednesday and we are suppose to wear black u cant sit with us .
pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga with 8230 .
bitch i told you to hit me when you got back .
yankee make me all .
no yu cant get no money yu silly hoe8221 .
this is how you americans httr redskins .
louievree lord help this bitch .
just be like me make bitches move .
you workout tweet instagram tweet text some hoes xbox fall asleep these young boys aint gotta clue what grinding is .
melo shouldve got the bitch for the east .
not going to watch my kitchen rules anymore mkr lost all credibility with how low everyone scored katie and nikki viewing .
this was hung in the boys bathroom st silly bitches .
why is it everytime i go to cracker barrel the girl with great tits that seats you who is your waitress nope its the chick with 2 teeth .
your bitch called she was missing this dick .
these niggas rather love these hoes then get money smh what the fuck wrong with these niggas .
its 2014 and yall niggas still fuckin with these hoes go get you a wife bruh .
amazon sells them .
aint nobody up tl slick dead other than the females bashing niccas early dis morning lol .
cssalazar15 yeah right pussy .
imma go with them scream bitches stayed getting knocked over an shit fuck them pussies without surprise they shitty .
deconstructed aka a mess mkr .
having hoes not cool that one will be better than all them thots .
8220koleworld4 this bitch tried the wrong one 128514128553 itll all go down hill from now .
talmbout i next month word congrats what in safe food handling you dont from me with th8230 .
craving brownies 128553128553 .
how can you have never cooked on a bbq before mkr .
mkr star that declared amp hides money is an asshole ie and his sons guilty .
my main bitch amp my side bitch mad me i could by give 2 fucks .
lol bitches aint shit .
lover old bitch 128514 .
dylanw thats why i explained i still think youre an asshole .
if a neva told you bitch you got some bomb azz kill yaself bitch .
aint no pussy better than loyal pussy .
girls are so fucking today keep your vagina in your pants you dirty hoe .
damn rico ass hit that hoe on point .
stop calling it being strategic when really it is being mkr .
i just couldnt ever develop lasting romantic feelings for anyone that dampd 4th edition over 35 .
is a stupid hoe .
yous a bitch ass nigga i push the tape till around labor day weekend turn .
i cannot be worried bout no bitch .
international police operation disrupts shylock banking the .
lakers thought trash day was monday .
once i get a cold beer in my hand there aint no who i am i cant hide my redneck side .
he got channing as his bitchim out .
most of time i be thinking bitch when u gonna give me that pussy .
some hoes that tweet just make me mad lol .
8220idntwearcondoms bitch wanna date the flyest nigga then be shocked when he has hoes lol8221 .
review short version whitey sucks and a positive film is simply .
kevinthegee finished the essay and the bitch .
so when a certain season comes around its time to be a hoe .
do you want to hear the truth or are you only looking to hear what makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside i choose .
most of those people would be hard pressed to find their arse with both hands let alone make it mkr .
all of which as im sure you are aware have female presidents .
spaceplankton saw a man in a yellow hat at the grand today he was hanging out next to a curious .
jane got 92 didnt she why are they participating in this thing mkr .
a .
oh no not it cant b true sob oh the crack industry has lost their champion ya dumb bitch .
evvykube me too .
yeen suckin yeen fuckin watchu doin hoe .
hates todays teabagger movement .
except its not the best looking instant restaurant it looks like two 13 year olds put it together mkr .
en de hoe twitter een via .
eat a lot of a lot of the whole ass .
don07052 that nigguh sucks .
if i was a guy id definitely dress up as the fuck her right in the pussy guy .
n im so tired of hearing he wouldnt do it for u ol bitch he wouldnt have too my people dont play on my end .
trying to run game on me u dumb bitch 8221 her tho .
it doesnt surprise me that gg has turned my offer of help for one of their own into a reason to at me but its still irritating .
would you rather be a monkey or a gorilla 8212 neither theyre both hairy but if i had to choose a monkey they .
i love you nyc blacklivesmatter .
on the one hand i think no theyre horrible on the other hand though i think everyone should because its like .
this kaiser pharmacy has a sign saying will be prosecuted because you know being poor amp sick isnt bad enough wow .
dont get me started on you potato head lookin ass .
she said i got to many hoes .
fuck off mkr .
thats bc she is crazy lol thats my nicca tho man i swear nobody mom is cooler than mine yo .
we salute the vets 8211 tuesday jihadi bitch slaying fired at taliban cockroaches tcot pjnet .
lol i liked that album that double up album was so trash .
i dont like girls been around 128564 niggas really be cuffin community pussy .
by not being an unloyal retard .
17 missed calls yo po bitch twitter finna be .
for said bet you wont fight her i said bet she said bet whipped a quick whooped that ass and went to jail 128514 .
reathie phone jumping out the gym finna cut this bitch off .
welp me baby i whats for that bitch you been texting .
another instant restaurant round mkr .
ya girl pussy is trash as fuck .
naw bitches want attention not respect real women want respect truth .
bitches about to start that new year new me bullshit you cant the numbers on that pussy thoo .
fuck all you hoes who keep giving my number to these lmao .
called eddie a hoe by mistake doe lol .
funny to read retard liberal tweets but u didnt delete tweet anyway say hi to .
hey fans if anyone is wondering what the yellow tab on the back of the for its for teams that have won a champion .
jenna played the weeknd amp mac just looked at us like bitches .
imjustceej bow wow look like the stress of saving a hoe is wearing him down .
note is the old arabic name for parts of afghanistan not an of modern jihadis .
i just really miss you and i know we can drink it off and talk about all of our problems like basic bitches .
i been slackin on the ice game i needa cop a watch so i can fuck me a instagram hoe amp press block .
you want my pussy so bad .
been a while since its just been me solo at the crib feeling kinda lonely like a hoe .
if the contestants knew the first thing about food and then voted poorly id be offended so not a food show anymore mkr .
wtf am i mkr .
woke up cold thenna bitch n stomach on flat fr 128514128514128514 .
i looked retarded .
what are you gonna do ima chase you out the club like deep did to you pussy .
i slam hoes cuz i cant lay up .
joebudden i told yall side bitches w are more powerful than u think but im sleep .
im feeling pretty fuckin ghetto smh .
good thing about you hoes u aint hoes forever ur date will come to .
omfg dfkinlopes your feet bitch whisper something dirty in my ear 128523 .
the scoring wasnt even done honestly mkr .
i love ash and camilla mkr .
nikowavy a lot of bitches like to but not with money they put their emotions feelings and heart on the line .
alex smith wears red and yellow now so quit being psycho ex boyfriends and get over him hes in the past .
mkr httptc .
leelucas prettykells bitch you didnt feed me you asked my to buy you a burger .
entire article attached lol .
clingy girlfriends are the best lying to these hoes bro that shit annoying .
tan1aaa peachdulce a piece of pussy .
you girls got no job no college set up to have a better future then get mad when a nigga leave you cause all you got is pussy .
the word bitch dont apply to all women but all women got a little bitch in em .
if the past have taught us anything its that your name to antiharassment gets yourself targeted for more harassment .
so yall just gone look past the fact that this bitch sucking a dick cause her edges laid i swear hate you bitches 128530 http8230 .
nope definitely retarded .
australia turns off their tvs mkr .
you mad cuz she fucking on ya enemy she wins cuz you letting that shit fuck with you you cant control these hoes why stress .
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue well i draw the line .
like bitch y u aint do that in the first place .
slander dont exist when you make her cum every bad thing she says doesnt register cuz you got the pussy .
spacekatgal 1 may not seem that far out of reach to a lot of people in the us but were also far from the class it would impact .
stevestreza but you might ask cperciva im pretty sure he does .
which will end first mkr or tony as pm .
these hoes aint loyal .
females use breast cancer awareness month as an excuse to be a hoe on social sites smh knowing damn well they know nothing about that shit .
true nothing up bitches who like to at anything the truth .
kirindave i was only able to afford it because i had to another monitor sadly tech toys are now out of my budget .
mkr lost the plot wheres the big texan with the elephant sized that they all have for .
you a pussy i see yo .
7 years later and this bitch still didnt learn her lesson lol i remember she was the first major nude leak of this generation .
bored then a hoe in the 128557128299 hmu .
i never thought you could me like please stop being a fucking bitch surprised your boyfriend puts up with you .
that son of a bitch moment when you turn the radio on and your favorite song is on but its the end of the song .
i hate birds they just piss me off about the fact that i cant fly .
mkr i really think you owe us your viewers an apology this is a cooking show right .
jaredchase will keep that in mind .
and .
vex0rian sir5000 stormsonsaturn or its not responding to kill signals because i ran the script manually and it worked .
i im or something i thought was until like yesterday retarded .
sticking to github for now i need to stick with orgs where i know ive got internal contacts for abuse related things .
bitch for who gap im a model yall bitches cant tell me nothin .
just catching up on tonights mkr reckon drasko has a adult attention like living with a toddler drasko .
freebsdgirl its about ethics in on dogs .
qmarq chriswarcraft im sitting at dinner and im like chris chris chris warcraft .
yay emilie and sherri are serving mkr .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx fisting dude fists his big pussy .
the trash flash hash http8230 .
i cant wait to post the of my new shirts sweaters and hats should have the official mock up done tomorrow theyre sexy .
djzeeti if her hands and feet dirty djzeeti how can you tell if a girl pussy stink before actually gettin in her pan .
let me guess they have yellow cake too same crap different president .
he was actually crying bitch 128514 .
soft niccas usually send the hate thru the bitches jealous instagram niccas hatin on ya pictures .
bitch must have a amp be related to jesus then gpa or legacy how this bitch get in httpt8230 .
are not good eats .
nohoesnextdoor i didnt mean to throw your mixtape in the trash cmon fam .
i guess they brought two crap sa teams into mkr this year because they didnt want us winning again .
completely off topic idgaf about that pretty hoe tho .
pfilippelli we women but the atmosphere with opinions .
there aint one bitch in the world anymore smh .
yo follow me back nigguh .
skating is for trash .
these ut hoes be goin .
128514128514128514 idgaf man fuck them hoes they nice to look at but they aint for me .
to me niggas cheat on they bad bitches bc they think they can get more bad bitches that one girl will give em a big ass ego .
call of duty out this bitch .
lets go see the hoe .
cuffin these hoes man thats where you went bad at you prolly gettin laughed at cuz everybody smashed that 128564 .
like thanks for that i never would have known had not so many people on twitter yelled it at me .
i hate a i dont text first type bitch .
some bitches be like im far from ugly naw hoe youre closer than you think .
fuck what rappers say bitch i am la .
harrydillema svenstweet wltrrr vraag t denkt hoe van hoe het ik ben .
all the hoes i did have now they decided they wanted to be wifey type draya fuck all that up .
brown colored eyes are really blue under a layer of .
im a pull up eat on that pussy and dip .
the bitches are back .
has anyone ever purchased baseball field dirt i really want dirt from yankees stadium for my grave .
your update for my pretty much broke and made it absolutely annoying and retarded .
farbenstau xmjee would have to see what kind of stuff youd want me to present on most now is antiharassment tools amp devops .
this ignorant bitch on msnbc said police have no training on their weapons smh .
if youre in trouble i recommend using crashoverridenw i can also help provide assistance .
drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch beyonc233 .
siri is terrible cunt .
ross text me back you twat .
ima real young niggah attitude 1043359 walk up im yo spot you would think a niggah mad at you .
i love when bitches throw shade just im doing something right 128514 .
at my nicca .
friday busboysandpoets vivek bengali harlem amp the lost of south asian america 8230 8230 .
email is randirandiio .
there is a trash bag in my hall thats been there for like 2 weird thing it changes consistency every few days .
fuuuuuck you you stupid fucking cunt .
kingcuh 16stanleys teejonez damn cuh alu my nigga just make sure you alu polosi ho nifo 128561 .
deconstructing things needs to end mkr .
sam1985 oh i knew it fuuuck more restaurants ok i said this is how the show should run but ive changed my mind mkr .
i give off the selfish little bitch vibe but if you get to actually know me i tend to put others before myself 247 .
this kid straight watched a bitch eat her own bloody tampon .
chink thats better then having the rug rats running around yah crib girl enjoy life lol .
telling me dont help this person they are not really victims probs isnt going to get you the reaction for which you are looking .
z0mbiedance who let gabby get drunk off of her ass give that bitch love bread .
peerworker evvykube no i asked if you were nuts .
how im supposed to know you not just a butch dyke if yeen got a beard my man .
now works on fancy so i am told i have a clam phone that i call mr clam that only texts and phones .
so if i had dreads tattoos and a beard id get all the bitches .
ill scream from france for you tom iu iubb hoosiers .
nsw on the roll killin it mkr nsw .
i hate these hoes that look thick from the front them she pass u amp her ass be missing .
stay wit all the bad bitches .
he said and zebra .
she is such a bee eye tea see h mkr feistyfoodies .
hurry up nigga this the last key they dont kno where the safe at to get in that bitch you need a glass key .
i should stop drinking coffee now .
nigga yes you do take me on a ride in that bitch .
and im not stuck up you niggas just love assuming bitches want yall when we just being nice 1285309995 128588 .
sammylightning screw these hoes .
cause hes a faggot .
what the monkey .
word do any of ur decisions include anchor feather sign bird .
8220norapist on my way to fuck ur bitch mckinley719 .
ashleylynch oo thats appreciated going to be releasing some financial info soon .
is my favorite sophomore i think hes so funny hes really not lmaoo hes a little hoe .
she on my mind cant get this bitch off my mind .
csgo bitch .
ill give it at other as well but have a speaker fee to cover my .
its paid for only miles and the bitches always have my money .
because they are legendary get it p .
sometimes a bitch needs to struggle to get where she going vianawf sometimes some shit just an extra 30 .
so to my ace boon one of the few of the real girls on campus .
ashleylynch ill keep that in mind at some point i could see it going there but not on our for at least months .
turn a hoe into a house wife you bet not .
officialkingdre wtf did this bitch do 128514128514 .
nuh uh still counts i8217m only a hoe on twitter bae .
mkr say sassy one more time  .
i can make a dike say she leavin that lady i can make a lady say she leavin that pussy ass nigga that gave her that baby .
if u not talking bout money or weed bitch i dont even wanna talk to you .
jetsandaswisher gook bitch fuck u maybe youll get better just .
128514 128514rt westsideflee how you gone wife a bitch that let niggas lick on her head in public .
i think its pretty telling that the boys on twitter sound exactly like the grown men and i use that term .
in every cartoon theirs a saving these hoes lmao lmao damn captain .
thekaosyatti jmuggaaa bitch ya mom take it in the ass for the light bill bitch 128514 .
la en jap243n 5 que la la .
ok yeah no gdc today coughing too much to do next week cant risk .
vampirrrra brazil niggah lol .
worse than sitting through the that was was hearing the guy next to me say that was great after .
you bitch like to text emojis .
because at your local insurance agency the customer is always our bitch 128079 .
i wish tinder would quit showing me all these broads with that retarded l theyre not smart enough to with me .
a teen was running around target in monkey screaming oo oo ah ah amp the fitting room girls were was today designed to annoy me .
asian pussy .
saw 5 pick up a dime off the floor with her toes apparently my monkey toes gene is strong with that one .
surely we are being mkr .
3 just walked in why you tripping bitch you paid for the fight lmao .
dwight couldve had me instead of that ugly young .
all the feels let me tell you about them .
yup .
girl you eating more pussy then me girl you should have been a nigga .
work be having a bitch and shit .
comattwow its always been my stance .
og old faced with a young hoe .
still waiting for oomf to hit that hoe lololol .
grown mature pretty all that goes out the window when a bitch play with me8221 .
charlie crist wins democratic primary .
bitches in they mouf .
when you catch yo bitch sending nudes to another nigga .
since im joining the scene it seems like a bad thing that im looking forward to season 2 of silicon valley but it looks so good .
mkr omg i want that lt3 go girls .
yaremisxo you hoes aint worth losing sleep over .
here we go this fat bitch started talking and now will never stop .
cream and crumbs on a it mkr .
this bitch .
i think i broke a rib when i fell in that ditch turning into a pussy i think not .
cristiannt wow i was like 12 or 13 fighting people in high school then bitch unfollow me fuck nigga .
thats a bitch i have no desire to see that much bullshit hahahaha .
for instant restaurants lowest teams score should be not counted to balance any strategic votes and then its out of 100 mkr .
im an early bird and im a night so im wise and have worms .
if the servers for black ops 2 acts gay today this is my bitch fo the nite .
vsamone dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips 128530 lmaoo .
baddest bitch didnt win queen fuck the mexicans ill buy yo house .
benjibrown1 u lookin for a boss go get a job bitch .
crossing my fingers for the killerblondes get rid of katandandre mkr .
its gotten to the point where i literally dont care and im gonna start punching bitches if they dont move in the hallway .
idntwearcondoms 128514128514128514 baskgod if your girl smoke weed the your bitch for a g but thats relationship goals to .
people comment on my fb like how was your day like bitch wtf do i know you .
curious george the curious little monkey or serial cat killer the story the man with the yellow hat doesnt want you8230 .
a couple mf that does this there favorite line i wouldnt do that thats young bitch your young minded .
fuck that i got a i break that bitch tho idgaf she could fuss and curse at me when i get home lmfao .
make your first impression with me the best or like nino brown ima cancel that bitch .
was crazy about to know was a betrayed by my .
yo bitch a freak fucked ha to sleep and dat was the last time i was slept on shit i woke ha up nd fucked ha again so she aint sleep long .
them bitches stupid on id fuck with thoe 128077 .
if i fucked her i know every niggah want her .
nobeeetch original bad bitch .
currensyspitta fuckin hoe ass click it or dollars n shit .
ie they will still feel this way in 5 years .
aww yay ash and camila mkr .
that monkey is from hell .
like hoes aint gone be satisfied until some more bodies come up missing in let me be the first to tell you .
i know where i would be tonight if i was in atl mansionelan i can bet that bitch gone be lit tonight 128293128293 .
niggas with bitch tendencies .
youre becoming a real bitch on this car ride john on me not caring whether or not of wayne makes money on tour .
turbocunt i i cut my own bangs the other day thats as as im willing to get when it comes to doing stuff myself .
my bitches are related they are kissing cousins .
i think women will forever find a way for a guy to be thirsty tho just so they can feel like pussy has some value it dont .
oh you sneaky son of a bitch you .
haha bitch ass gucci .
it is we be on these bitches too hard now days .
thats what the little bitch deserves his head is huge for someone who gets kod when the wind blows .
coil780 my review got because gamergate dogpiled but wadhwa knows this heck hes friends with nero .
wadhwa keeps claiming hes not look dude we both know how the speaker works its about rep you indirectly .
lookin good mick .
22edham brownies tonight what kind .
oh no annie and lloyd mkr .
niggahs actin like they pimps but they pay the bitch .
wasp eggs .
sometimes ppl stay married cuz its convenient when u constantly bitch amp complain amp sleep in separate its time to reevaluate .
jaredchase this is in wod .
faggot is a public most gays are not display gets public opinion .
on yellow 9835 lights taking too long make me 9835 .
if a bitch choosin let her choose lmao that is all .
nah nicca wth are my cheese fries 128530 vonshayeb get me one bring it to the barber at 11 please .
mkr just isnt the same without and kelly .
all your selfies are booty pics cause bitch you always look like ass .
imneverchillin bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 13 inch dick .
peerworker lt3 .
my stepdad walked into the room to offer me pot wa and then he for 5 seconds when i .
evanbecker513 what are you doing bitch .
milfgaardian i usually mix depending on how they fade sfx has fantastic though nrage does some decent too .
hahaha karmas a bitch kat amp andre mkr hungrycampers mykitchenrules .
mad cuz fuck his .
catch a bitch snitch my finger itchin on the switch .
fucktravonn tropicalkyle being a hoe is a talent das why girls put booking info in they bio when they get followers .
flappy bird instead of studying sounds .
can a please push katandandre into that lake wash that smug look of their face mkr .
bitch i texted you .
probably will be the rest of today .
gas is pretty cheap right now .
not quite yet as far as goes although ive been thinking about facebook ive been working with many companies though .
but i didnt get a write up thank god lol dumb white bitch .
stephenatwar origin is a flaming piece of shit .
should be lol lil bitch .
i love how bitches be talkin how the single life is the best life then bitchin and complaining how they need a boyfriend wtf .
this is my sup bitches face .
lrt i cannot stop laughing damn it taylor .
yeah its fuck that bitch everyday b .
yesyoureracist buzzfeed nice to see lack of is alive and well .
maybe if you werent such a conceited bitch more people would like you .
youre a fag for using that emoji anyways you are one of my best friends amp there is never a moment 8230 .
fuck her right in the pussy .
girl i know you got hoes me .
svl305 the real reason y she gave up rapping was because of me i called her trash to her face n asked for8230 .
roses are are just fucked yo nigga do you .
why does everybody drive like retards when it rains lol .
dej loaf ever bitch today all it takes is a lil juice and these bitches want you8221 .
awe did i cut you off and make you mad thats too dam bad shoulda been going the fucking speed limit bitch .
girlziplocked if he really wanted to ally hed get his to change not tell women how to fit in with .
fuck shes a basic bitch .
fuck that bitch .
mykitchenrules oooh what do you think is the surprise announcement mkr that its turning into a cooking show next week mkr2015 .
field bitches .
i have to stop using bitch so often in my everyday conversations .
aside from security concerns lenovo is shit one time a cage door at a fell on my head dropped lenovo 2 had to be replaced .
bitch dick too bomb .
my idea of a diet is eating regular oreos instead of double and takin off half the cookie still dip it in 2 .
new nashville noise loves honky and grabs a pizza .
you hoe spice .
submersechill i got banned because gg mass reported emailed twitter was .
everyone thinks that im not the person on my id like look at my i dont understand like i colored my hair what a big difference .
i dare a bitch to key my truck .
that would be the stunt in which jamesokeefeiii crossed some water dressed as a dead man while his teabagger sheriff friend watched him .
when someone tweets these hoes aint loyal but they laid up at the crib looking like .
im tired of all these weak ass men in my mentions tellin me why it is ok or to punch a woman in the face that shit is bitch made .
not even sweating these hoes .
deconstructed lemon tart because were too bloody lazy and to do it properly mkr .
sole sauce get those soles icy again .
single my nuts bitch .
if youre a company in sf that has an or person this is something you want to be a part of hit me up randirandiio .
iv decided to grow my hair i aint it out dis bitch .
100046729 grow up bitch 128514128514128514128128 they was cute 128514128514128514128514128514128514 .
come on girls mkr .
i wish everyone knew how much of a non gentleman that slick english guy from mkr is also hate myself for watching this .
im start smacking bitches period at its best .
haha my nigga coco i cant wait to fuckkk like a hoes this summer haha jk .
drift0r did you know 1 in 6 women is raped in her lifetime .
females act like they never seen a nicca who raise they kids the reaction makes me laugh every time .
oh yea i forgot u decided to have math a hoe instead of football my bad .
just bought new release and to all of you pussies whining about .
alot of these bitches themselves aint shit of a feather flock together .
im pretty sure the dmv wont let me take a new pic but a bitch might accidentally lose my license again where they have to take a new pic .
wearing tonight 4 da gook grey day .
mykitchenrules pete evans a paleo kids lives real babies were breast fed mkr .
more women have died from domestic violence in the last decade than soldiers have been killed in iraq amp afghanistan .
kinghorsedick nowadays if u have a threesome with these new generation bitches that one hoe gonna go tell everybody she fucked both 8230 .
face palm face palm the model show is i watch mkr for the cooking .
chriswarcraft i would rather lose 100k followers by standing up for others in a bad position than gain 100 by keeping my mouth shut .
ill be that lmao koolassk 1markusa pussy .
on this the cry never again is and mocks our pledge to neverforget the fallen from ancient an8230 .
now all the hoes bout to post the saints lost but im still cute pics on the gram 128514128514128514 .
i thought the same thing .
in the yellow is rock hard .
stfu stupid bitch god damn me then shit .
why he try say stole bitch lmao .
causewereguys call a girl a bitch and shell get offended but if u put bad in front shell swear shes a queen .
tylar 1stblocjeremiah lol why you tryna be raw doe bitch .
good pussy is pussy that makes you really think bout making her breakfast pussy that makes you think about being a father .
some bitches only cute when they mouth closed that smile is what fuck yall up bye teeth .
cant even tell a bitch hey without thinking you tryna get at them lmao yall sumn else get real .
comattwow sweharris i have no idea what that is a spam bot what is your .
such a rigged show how the hell did katie amp nikki make it through mkr .
oooo im looking forward to seeing that .
hand modelling career over mkr .
happy easter you dirty sons a bitches .
dont touch me bitch im famous .
hungrier then a phat ho on a diet ig .
without the bird the sun burns the grass grows the world turns the moon the river flows but i die without .
fuck this is so awesome i cant stop typing in all caps .
chocolate cake is so trash .
hi ho hi ho its off to work we go its a military organization today .
report it email me tell me if you get no response in a manner .
the grass is on the other side of the fence of course its also a soggy septic field .
guys that cheat on their girlfriend are trash the girls that know he has a girlfriend are also trash .
mskeekee90s i did niggah that shyt dope trust me fam .
want to catch my attention niggah throw up a dolla sign .
i always felt funny about a chick calling me sound sexy and all but bitch you need to go and find your dad .
randiebooks get awards for being so reasonable .
you fags that shit up so much and i listen to it everything is garbage .
on that supernova facebook thread shit .
music is the only bitch i put up with .
arthuraffect i cheated on with comic and im not sorry .
colonelkickhead but would they cook better than these terrible contestants mkr .
why would you think common is trash tf .
mkr oh well big breath and time to move on  .
love too see a yung nicca come up .
kick that bitch right in the pussy .
and now jihadis bragging about a massive in city in iraq onslaught .
killing it at home 127936 nba pacers indiana hoosiers basketball hashtag winning .
spoilers the trolls arent hiding under the bridge anymore they are burning it down time to fight back .
cmon need a yellow for wilson .
ssickstory tried to eat your bird .
call when you grow up if you live that long sorry for parents with such poor skills they got you old bitch .
da ho .
mixtape sell sole got some bangers .
boy dats bad for cuffin dat hoe in the 1st place .
sooo my first came in handy tonight glad i didnt lose my monkey .
i feel bad for annie and lloyd shouldve made something with bacon mkr mkr2015 .
im on my fuck that bitch shit .
ps linux sucks .
im turning into a heartless bitch .
youre retarded enough to be both but atleast i have a date to bring you on for your .
lucky monkey .
fuck your bitch make her call me .
woridstarhlphop this kid definitely got the pussy after that game .
i will fuck u where u stand u bitch two unique amp separate i a saying when i was younger .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx cute slut big tits plays with pussy .
good thing deconstructed only happens in food imagine getting a deconstructed house mkr .
that bitch a tha tha .
happy birthday to my pops old negro spiritual is 64 today lol .
my hobbies include being a sarcastic bitch and that8217s it .
i have heard on the that kat amp are all of theyre amp bring out a cook book tuned for more mkr .
these hoes be dying for attention .
other than those the university and the white black and red ones the rest trash anyway they just making shit up now .
we in dis hoe imma get her too lmfaoooo .
wtf i look like lying about knowing a bitch for if i dont know the hoe i dont know the hoe tf its simple 128529 .
mkr always needs an evil team for ratings kat amp andrew are that evil team they will intentionally survive .
bitch please 9995 .
wodaeeex3 i want snake bites my amp a hoe accessories dea .
omg dr cruz is now me of mary ann moreno bitch in out of nowhere and changed the dress code no dark or sweaters .
this guy is 100 retarded .
wishing my partner was on gtgt really want to get some pvp happening .
tronkitty bad .
ray allen like man thats some goddamn motherfucking cunt ass bullshit cus it is .
rivers is seriously a bitch dont throw your hands around like a 5 year old bc something didnt go right lol .
dafuq is floppy bird .
shes checking it twice .
pickup line are you a cat lady because i love pussy wait i literally meant i like cats .
i already done been exposed on facebook by some hoe .
the guys at la fitness are such fags 128514128557 .
lilreese300 i aint chasin no hoes i got .
brianndominguez dont unfollow i got the app bitch .
meth brownies .
where these bitches at .
you aint shit pussy lol go get hit you aint been touched in 10 yrs lmfao .
aw shit in this bitch .
young based god in olympics stay fuckin bitches .
ohtobs bless i totally forgot about the party favourite shaz mkr .
these brownies .
a girl knows when a bitch likes her boyfriend 128564128080 .
noooo let me tell yall some bitches in baltimore be .
cuhcuhcuh bitches cant get the because they have over 10 gb of selfies .
she sharing her hoe she know though at least i hope she do lmao .
lrt everything ever .
we gonna get turnt for mkr rest easy gone but never forgotten .
harikondabolu is a national treasure .
with your bitch ass .
this is really the time to buy in west oakland you can buy a whole block dude in fedora really .
back to handing out sausage rolls on at mkr .
then send this one to your teabagger friends and watch their heads explode .
smh and henny too beer trash af end of story .
sounds like there are some major bitches in your area .
hey hoe .
mommy said no pussy cats inside my house .
fairy tale world lmao .
how can you get a 7 for a dessert as lemon tart if it barely even has any lemon mkr .
nice try i have the same right to speak as you then move mars cuz im always gonna be here saying what i gotta say .
i have faith in the project but more awareness needs to be spread about the and harassment that many female foss devs face .
hoes love other hoes actions thats how you easily know who be hoeing .
vickybeanmr girls go talk to your other hoes game too strong .
once told me beans are a do whatever they want .
i miss roberts voice mkr .
nick cannon movie 171arigold88 a 31 year old bitch in texas was pretending to be 15 and went to high school 6 .
im still gonna smack the fuck out them they trying to act hard over twitter haha pussy ass niggas .
soggy bread with melted cheese mmmm not mkr .
when hoes be sayin they sexually frustrated or need some dick .
these guys wont let me work .
come out her pussy and go in her ass come out her ass and go in her mouth .
francoiskilljoy law whatever you coon .
you can bet has her hands all over this crisis i didnt vote for that commie bitch .
bitch shut up men are talking an justinmiculka01 .
sramirez07943 youre failing at that and you dont know where i live faggot .
can men please stop shooting people for a goddamn second .
vex0rian sir5000 stormsonsaturn yeah ive got a to kick it it must not be kicking it properly .
lilreese300 dats how u drop it dum ho ask about me b4 yu jump on my dick ho or about me yu ass thot .
44binko breadtruckkbri 128514128514128514 i heard dat hoe changed .
that pork and crackling looks so yummy not sure about the other stuff on the plate mkr .
thedouch3 tweeting about ur boyfriend wont get him off xbox live that nigga gotta 24 kill rn bitch shut up .
not fair not fair not fair is making people eat your awful rock bread gt mkr .
speak english prude ass white bitch .
lol at these honkies talking trash im done with this shit .
athenahollow it would im hoping for more personal attacks but thats definitely p .
last time came to i and and a man in a blue monkey s8230 .
any solution to which doesnt deal with only laws is no .
btw hillary is a huge supporter of the law they now admit to lying to all you stupid rubes about she needs to be .
ccass357 liveitupjersey real serious in bunch of whiney cunts .
here too .
belong my self esteem has two im a worthless piece of shit who deserves no love 8226 bow down before me bitches i am you8230 .
and girl ive been thinkin of ways thinkin of new ways to beat that pussy down .
pulling on my lip rings to freak out my mom .
1stblockthomas gotta link with bro rambo nd we gotta pull up ona pussy boys .
niggahs need to keep there bitches in check .
funnypicsdepot when you get twerk from the bitch in the room .
um exactly how most of these hoes twat is setup .
cheated my way to get hahaha this bitch funny if youre so worried about me then stop subtweeting me dumb ass .
on the low wassup with you hoe .
notallbhas is so nicer lots more emoji too classy emoji .
metacookbook i remember having to be at the bus stop at lived far away and i was exhausted all the time .
youre dismissed bitch 00jackie no i wanna play with you .
tag me pussy ill u .
so far ive only seen 3 bad bitches talkn bout mansion 233lan wtf is up .
yo bitch she boof she got that pussy .
money clothes hoes and cars merica .
im not even going to lie this makes me a little bit on the inside .
roses are is or treat .
gonna make a chicken sandwich put half a bottle of on that bitch and figure some shit out .
you were supposed to hang w me this week nigger .
keep it real keep it real keep it real keep it real nigga say he fucked my bitch and he couldnt wait to .
of hell obama flat out lied to get reelected diff does it make now karma its a bitch http8230 .
johnny cash turned down the guess you could say he didnt know when to ho never mind .
bacon 2 x fried eggs toast 1 x sausage tomato and mkr .
blah if people are to think of you as a condescending bitch its their loss .
oh fuck im late i missed stupid shit im sure mkr .
i wouldnt trust a male cheerleader all cuz 8221 got one 128514 amp he got the bitches .
isis supporters in america the jihadis next door vocativ .
the boys corn and zucchini fritters are going to kill it yum mkr hungrycampers .
trainer lady is a bitch shook my hand made me promise her ima study for a test tomorrow and idk i dont like her shes trying to break me .
i dont got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i .
neva trust a bitch .
cnt trust or wont spare a bitch .
hoes get mad when they think you forget them .
i have a bad feeling about sheri and emilie was too for the time frame mkr .
thanks for the great talk about government and .
yall bitches be like 16 looking 25 128553 .
most of you hoes copy and but there has to be someone they are copying from and to you i give you my props .
edouglas528 i know how you i dont perfect week for me would be yanks not getting lee .
bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
kunikos i didnt understand basic stuff like how to up do i have to have can i sleep .
theeccles the foods is so bland steve thinks hes back in england mkr .
congratulations illinois on becoming the state to reach marriage equality .
breaking news ur a little bitch .
nofakingg people always asking me what im mixed with she a bad asian bitch lol .
kudabrazyy hella bored doing laundry like a bitch128514128514128514 i sincerely hate your soul .
im a 128170 lil bitch .
nba handle your zebras .
her pussy fatter than ya dick lmao .
please stop saying fuck that tight pussy .
nba allstar weekend is an negro holiday .
im sure youve it because so many people must keep saying it to you .
that makes you an annoying bitch if youre out looking to be offended you cant bitch when youre offended .
a real gangster ass nigga know the play the real gangster ass niggas gets the flyest of the bitches ask that gangster ass nigga little j .
i just want panda big booty hoe 128514128514128514128514 .
spongebob ass niccas fr .
tvweekmag katandandre might have to eat her words after some not so great feedback on their ham and gruyere dish mkr .
jcmanous looks neat i need to start keeping my eyes open for .
pussy i aint had a coochie since i was 16 128514128514 .
only real bitches suck dick .
talking shit like a hoe about huh so like a man ima murk you wen i see you .
mmm you still a hoe .
gidgitvonlarue mkr how the fuck do you fuck up breakfast not surprising for people who mess up a dish theyve cooked a million times .
you needa stop sucking dick hoe 128514128514 .
cant trust these bitches and these niggas either .
kobe stay talking trash but lets not forget i meant to do this one smh .
why would i fuck a bitch that cant fuck jus like u hoes dont want want a nigga wit a clit .
i get bitches on tinder .
nekkohbk bruh why it look like a niggah dick slapped the baby 128514 .
girlziplocked i want to see this but is error code 500 .
sportscenter yankees survive scare to beat rangers gardner 45 hr 3 teixeira 12 hr 2 3 r htt8230 .
i love pussy .
dont be mad cause yo bitch choosin .
goatraplines chief keef changed the rap game when he said bitch im cooler than a cooler .
monkey amp his cigarette hes dead serious 128514 .
run defense is alex smith trash .
not protected in the state of there is no fear of queer couples forcing to marry them they do not have to do so .
emoji ass nigguh .
den the fat colored girl chased me down day street while she da table wit one arm i wants my pay .
smh you i was a faggot wow my dream lmfao start from the bottom up itsnotharold .
whats the difference between a pancake and hot cake mkr .
i just might get to these riches i might go broke on these bitches .
been watching plays every night ass bitches .
pfilippelli ah yes i forgot if the vocal of a man the air with but pure truth .
seriously though a fourth instant restaurant round mkr .
lets not forget kim dont fight i kill hoes 128514 .
im not broke bitch im blessed .
carelessone92 a young nigga turned into mr in da field my nig .
i dont have an iphone so i have to manually ignore these hoes .
mykitchenrules yessssss mkr mkr2015 .
up with the birds to fish on the river .
i think that last tweet got confused because i started laughing through it .
bitches be fake af 128514128581 .
after idoclyfe bruh lol i retired after because everything was trash afterwards .
milfgaardian .
i feel like i just got married bruh she a bad bitch .
them that come out this weekend so trash .
arent these little border supposed to be in school .
jimnorton and for the record i think dan is a cunt the hypocrisy of the nfl is just embarrassing at this point .
yo girl whats yr potential i wanna retard it .
tupactopus hoes on my .
nigger a fully grown niglet .
hahahahahaha 1st i stop den i ur bitch .
who are these people lol mkr .
no woman deserves to be sole stomped like that he is a bitch and so is everyone watching doing .
what lonely hoe made this .
fact fake friends are no different than shadows they stick around during your brightest moments but during your ho8230 .
fag .
espn stop blowing the spurs pussies .
maybe i shoulda informed my cousin of my social anxiety before taking me to this over bar on the bright side texas has bitches .
hairy pussy bitch you the type that got .
step up in the club with the l in my hand bitches know im a freak like the elephant man .
you aint gotta be a dyke to like hoes .
this bitch weave game serious .
my nigga meaner just hope back on the bitch .
call him a pussy as he should .
when i was seven years old woody allen took me by the hand led me into an and sexually assaulted me httpt .
128175 my bitch .
50 with 30 hoes on my dick you have learned from the best .
gonna shower for the sole purpose of my beard .
sick bitch .
my head too big for 128557128557128557 i like beanies better .
what a bitch .
i had 14 fags in the space ae 3 hours excuse me confused .
in some pussy nah work is the best place to be in this weather .
prettykells 8220100046729 leelucas prettykells bitch you didnt feed me you asked my to buy you a burger lmfaoooooo no 8230 .
no hoe shit tho i was bout to say got butt naked bitches doing dishes .
capodaasshole i fuck with nigga get on the bitch and just snap .
crying over a guy on thanksgiving nah bitch pick your head up you making the turkey thanks pats turkey dry .
ewwww her nips are def more perfect than that .
never hurt your girlfriend to make a hoe happy 128175 .
pouyalilpou this bitch is no help at all .
uh why do they not make these for .
mkr this shit show has more comebacks than johnny farnham ok back to the .
all these hoes sooo average .
thanks for the follow i may be a yankees fan but you guys are one of the best in the mlb .
id rather sit alone than fuck w iffy bitches .
shit is fucking retarded no one wants to see this shit .
oomf a fake bitch ass nigga point blank period awwww .
bitches love beefing over a nigga thats always in other bitches faces .
when you jump into the mob to harass someone and they publicly call you out as an in that mob its not the same thing .
in 2014 you tweeted that migos were trash care to explain supreme court confirmation hearing .
sure kat because nobody else worked hard in the competition ffs mkr .
btw jim crow laws were supported by democrats not republicans and mlk was a republican fact .
big bird holds press conf claims he does not care for the letter f .
my car so wet my bitch so wet when i drive i car pool .
stop making out with my bot .
you you cant get no money silly hoe .
tryhardalby tryhardsilva davidam23 get downstairs you fucking pussy .
them wet see if they got them hoes in cali i will send you my money .
utterly no way are kat and andre better cooks than katie and nikki mkr .
entree worth a 3 my kids cook better than this and they know how to open cans mkr .
shoutout to chrisbrown for beating up another bitch .
leonarddelaney please .
like when youre a hoe how do u sleep at night .
at work but wish i was floating in my 15 ft on sale at walmart redneck pool that my husband probably hasnt cleaned since last weekend .
yall hoes so annoying 128530 .
must sting for sports fans that they asked a to before you despite your superiority eh .
oh ill make you some brownies alright .
you just worried bout the bitches i got one girl and she my girl no one else can hit it .
little bitty bumble bumblebee .
i have my work done a day after i get it and everybody else be on sunday this the day of rest bitches .
and then everyone bitches anyways the guy cant win with the fans we have we would run out of here in his prime .
side hoes are for insecure niggas that cant handle a real one .
what a surprise mess on a plate mkr .
its okay to smash one of your bitches or his girl just as long as you tell him about it afterwards .
nigeldixon1 is trash he aint been playing smith only sat out kaep took his spot .
my nig jus found out his girl fuckin anotha nig so he meets up wit dis nigga .
mkr get these blonde off my tv please .
anthonycumia i thought he would think it was know like when you shut your clam up for 5 minutes .
lmao pussy .
and get my self a bad bitch thats loyal and one .
rvm3o no reason to hit with you when i know you pussy i wont get no cool points .
guys i am wearing a super hero outfit with a cape .
anniechaplin kat amp andre amp those high i just cant want to throw something at the tv grrrr cant believe how much she a .
id rather argue amp make up 128536 then fight amp break up 128166 thirsty bitches 128111 love to see happy homes .
its the 21st century ladies spoil your man dont be a snotty stuck up bitch .
how have i never heard of ball culture this sounds amazing .
great start the morning my daughter herself into the coffee table and gave herself a nice shiner yea shes a .
the serving size for brownies is all of them .
that one for me bro cause you know that bitch better blow hah .
with no drama side hoes all that just fa me n only me .
im talking about people that take an active stand to say they want to create solutions for harassment but do nothing beyond get rted .
for real though ive had a for 3 days and its finally gone and now im like yesss red meat come at me i will eat you .
got a red ass bitch wid a red ass .
productive weekend .
vodage pendragontarot gamergate isnt really sjws its for people that dont want to get notifications from gamergaters .
he had a song called hit u from the back with the lines there they go a big ole pack of pretty bitches .
srhbutts snipeyhead who doesnt love hugs hugs are one of my favorite things .
josephtheflyguy crazy girlfriends usually love you longer amp got the best pussy .
well im sure im not fully retarded .
and bitch you must be lost 128514128514 .
guys now and days act like they dont care because pussy is easy but thats not the only thing that matters 128079128079128079 .
packed house for .
victory by our next governor charlie baker wcvb .
after we needed this lmao jk girl good lol .
yeen no real nicca if yeen got no porn sites n your internet history .
almost dragged my mate last night hoe really came banging on our door 2am .
glad i can get back to my life now the fun part of mkr is over and the masterchef part has started .
ruderzz generally anytime you say devils it means youre wasting peoples time and being an ass especially arguing points .
perhaps miller is the first crack toward changing that regardless of whether he as queer over gay .
gmbace boss niggas fuk wit boss bitches vice versa .
nyrkelsmads thanks for calling me a fucking fag .
really me out the show and the woman on that note its time to chug some .
bitch text me goodmorning first or something .
sweetest bitch youll ever meet .
she has zebra in her take home bag me and my mom are just 128525 .
not all black girls are .
woodyafc lmaoo typical nig nog bombs shouldve got pics .
zooyorkinit youre bitch .
if this isnt male humor in a i dont know what is yesyouresexist im not for trying to be funny .
bye bitch .
seen glo eat a twat on stage watching that shit and get eaten in the middle of a if i aint .
fucc u aint nobody ask u 2 fav dink lies .
i love what theyve done with trolls .
jeff saved by the that was karma but the zebras messed with it .
i wish robert was my dad i could listen to his stories all day mkr mykitchenrules .
dont fuck with girls that wear beanies .
its kinda pathetic how these bitches on be 21 amp be acting so childish af .
fuck half the bitches at mount 5838658386 i only fucks wit a few .
men meanwhile complain about things of substance like womens legitimate of media .
im a stretch that pussy out .
hoe meter went off .
oh kat and andre i forgot about those dickheads mkr .
looks like my highlight of the night will be getting and having a quick fag outside work shite .
i got a missed call from your bitch 128514 .
he did dat shit on purpose now the whole spurs team fuckin up lookin at this weird lookin nicca .
i just cant get over how wadhwa wouldnt believe that woman was a dev because on twitter you can be anybody .
damn lol rice speaks on the domestic violence costume that mocks her marriage .
young bitches talk about their new man if anyone is really in that shit lol .
im beating bitch jay jay ass when i see this nigga i really ova here dead tho .
you aint trynna fuc get ya shoes hoe .
the rosti looks like one massive chip that has been in the too long it wont be good mkr .
cause im tired of you big bitches coming for us skinny girls8221 .
i think im having my guy period today i have been such an emotional bitch heh heh heh .
renz360 got receipt on your soles no problem .
thirsty ass hoe go to sleep 128514128514 .
i would love to not be hit with the jig for once in my fucking life .
a day without is a day wasted charlie chaplin .
your pussy looks like it died six months ago .
pussy its science via rachel spelling error .
a big ass wasp was flying round on my bus my dike bus driver stops the bus grabs that bitch by the wings and throws it out the window 128591 .
hold on bitch im about to pray then after that imma grab the bible .
u knw me homie show the bitches no love .
i aint buying no pussy i got too many followers for that .
in redneck land tennessee .
rakwonogod rare pic of trash posing with trash .
i feel like apart of the in crowd like yes bitch lets indirectly talk shit 128514 .
grrizziy pudding it right in her pussy .
it was to see acted out what im willing to bet is the fantasy of many gamergaters putting a loud feminist in her place .
tvweekmag what do you think of the new judging combo is this the start of a beautiful mkr tvweekmag httptco .
haha i like it .
my girlfriend i kid you not eats bacon without it into the tub of butter ive laid out im like what are you a bird .
thats bad when your bestfriend says yu act like a hoe .
wanted the sauce till shit got real then niggas wanna back up ooh iight then smh pussy .
like correct me if im wrong but doesnt pimpin smackin bitches for money .
if those pictures get any more fuzzy im going to need a bot to them .
like bad kids bitch we reckless .
i dis colored man cans be of fo da white man .
its bros ova hoes but wifey comes before ya bros .
8220ginasanabria i have no hoes man i dont need those though i need to pick mines back up 1285538221 .
i use the word cunt very .
if a nigga can tell hoes hes taken hes a real nigga .
causewereguys we all know a hoe like this .
nyjusdntgaf no one cares nigger .
187xo maybe cuz your putting trust in a bitch not a or maybe because this a fucking song .
will do tomorrow .
i see people tweeting what if the purge comes to my city bitch the purge aint no tour .
jawshoeeahhh fabianmleal shut up bitch .
nigga tyrese on walking dead is a bitch smh .
that warm fuzzy feeling when youre able to give someone a helping hand talking about medical problems with others can really help .
colemcdowell2 8220friendlyassh0le if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe httptco8230 .
i have a few favourites mkr .
i hate when bitches be like i love him so much .
derekisnormal contain a which is also used to make yoga amp soles of shoes .
why are we letting them just take advantage of this little old lady whom by many accounts is .
calmicc isnt the same thing as .
if you act like a fucking retard when your high its over mane stay away from me .
mkr kat amp andre congratulations youve just won a one way trip to mars .
people who would vote for charlie crist and michelle are why our did not put a right to vote in our .
funnypicsdepot lmao i hate that hoe already 128514 .
idgaf if its in the afternoon bitch make my pancakes .
johnfkennedy fuck bitches get reelected .
dril boy these guinea love to shit shouldnt have ordered the full .
dont go bacon my heart mkr2015 mkr i couldnt if i fried .
just follow the yellow brick twitter .
devslashzero chilblane yes .
you drove me redneck crazy .
what a retard lol .
nah these bitches up harbor city .
i plan on eating this entire motherfucking pizza i just ordered like a mufucka bitch .
cuz people at work are bitches they shit and yeah dude i need a girls night out .
holy crap they just wasted of prep time getting ready and still look the same i hope their fall is mkr .
seconds from the end whats it gonna be pull the trigger bitch .
just watched your video good stuff thought id let you in on the new boss boon says old character but will be surprise its .
im in mickey ds and he gone ask for a double cheese burger wit no cheese foh .
lol they replaced the big yellow chicken with .
baker planted an in that bitch when white guy lights the .
two of the best yankees derek jeter and joe .
sadly most are not allowed by my apartment complex .
i do that come at me bruh .
i love amp support sex workers am friends with many .
metroidthief not sure about classic but its definitely a stuffed .
no more instant go away mkr .
wyattnuckels grizzboadams bitch i want it all .
exes swear they can do better then you see their next bitch .
maniacmind marcfoor4 stfu with that what im gonna do and just fuck oh pussy ads nigga .
ya nigs out there still saying yall dont eat butt with a straight face .
these hoes keep callin but i aint pickin .
kiefferjason umm you sure the hoes i talk to arent ugly .
thecoreyholcomb its a got damn shame bitches wit raw ass dick sucking skills are not wifey material .
bout to put me some hoes on backpage try my pimp hand out .
ding ding ding 128514128514 .
joebudden stop being scared to choke her during sex u bitch ass niggas like it says the guy who hits women out of bed foh .
128514128514128514128514 128128128128 no bitch go away tu .
realtalk if you a hoe an try to get serious with someone dont expect to be anything more then a piece of meat to them .
zeynep delbius that makes sense also how horrible is it that block has become muscle memory p .
denytheprophecy shit so went off and swore at the kid and the kid was a fucking snitch nigga pussy and on him amp got him .
metafilter that is awesome to hear .
when will you guys leave that childish pussy alone get that pussy .
play pussy and get fucked .
too many bitches is shady .
that damn coach aint never called back bitch ass .
are you nigguhs saying you want donald as prez that nigguh dont understand real american struggles 128514 .
i give up on the i mean yankees maybe next year .
and she gave this nigga head while i was laying next to her while she had a bf 128514128514128514128514 shes a hoe on the low .
just said bye to last time i have to see his bitch ass for four months .
mkr does a kick ass apple pie mean its shit .
them is out at ma house i aint been around this bitch ina minute .
side bitch or main bitch you still aint the only bitch .
they didnt lose the city red sox fans are bandwagon fans just like yankee fan morningjoe .
experience charlie married woman who loves hot phone sex with strangers can you get me off 27 .
buckm00se cuauhtli02 we gunna laff at beaner supporters in a min .
spatchcock and couscous straight out of a cookbook mkr .
maddieevaans u call ur a bitch im guessing shes a dog that too much .
those kids will never learn that every time they do something to harass me like this more people learn about my work to stop harassment .
wheres my bitch wit my then .
dont make me take yo bitch nigga .
a dick has a sad life his hair is a mess his family is nuts his neighbors an asshole his best friends a pussy .
im tryna be like 128175 bro got dem hoes .
we all went through so much shit together i miss them bitches .
i cant be in my stressing over a bitch who playin games im straight lol .
those meatballs are so wrong definitely not a breakfast meal mkr hungrycampers .
hoe .
shut up faggot you and ras need to make an album together well ras fell off you didnt cont .
amp my sister is really going to fucken deny it but yet the room with like really bitch why are you going to deny it .
when people really think im asian i get though i make fun of my gook self .
nigga you a pussy hope you got 9 lives .
you goofy only goofy niggas over chicks with community pussy8221 who are you .
cant find my bc powder ill just chug this childrens .
yu forgot we beat yall thats like a garbage man calling a trash .
so people here donate to feed their drug addiction i donate because i get money and i save bitches 128129 .
red meat trash .
brentonpoke i was shocked they didnt try to skin colors .
menshumor kim kardashian had a more important news i took out the trash last night .
jaredchase man i cannot figure out how to pve as disc now that is so .
oreos first you twist it then you aw crap it broke .
a .
i be here come the cool fuck ass 8230 .
she was telling me about this kid whos soles of his shoes are falling off i am going to get him some shoes hope his parents dont get mad .
flirting with bitches on twitter like .
back in this bitch again .
menshumor one mans trash is another mans girlfriend .
feel like a bitch for calling the cops on people but id rather this bitch go to jail then someone get hit by a wreck less driver .
boxingscene rpopbox boxing this charlie z really does need mental help check this out .
i have no respect for people who cheat that shits just retarded .
alice took advantage of me last night that bitch wont tonight .
youre such a fake bitch i cannot stand you if you read this and wonder if its about you it probably is .
joe johnson just as good as lebron if not better dont me pussies .
if you open a beer and dont finish it you are what is known as a little bitch .
only a broke nigga gonna settle for a broke bitch .
go ahead and mock me one day ill sell enough of this makeup to drive the pink mary kay and well see whos .
lynn and tony disappointed me lovely people but they cannot cook mkr .
when a fat bitch want you and a skinny bitch cant cook nothin for you 128514128514128514 these hoes aint hungry 128514128514 .
id sell anything if people are willing to buy it how highly do think of their pussy to sell that .
nah 2013 was trash 2014 was so trash dawg .
mac 10 lay on the floor like a young based god came straight for the bitches .
bitch im dead kinghov1313 them gon put in a corner amp take pics talkin bout we in .
everytime i fuck i gotta hit me at least two bitches .
laceeybugg here then bitch .
i have 17 kids all named after wow characters devslashzero .
i am a strong that birds of a feather flock together .
httptcobpu86qzyft 8211 adorable and red haired teen plays with her .
yall ever just been having a normal day and your mind plays a horrible trick on you and give you a of some good .
girls that want to hold on to they hoes and act like they cant show off they boyfriends .
got ur bitch tip toeing on my marble floors .
two bad bitches giving me head at the same dam time lol .
it ain nun to cut dat bitch verizon .
bitch i seen them tricks before foh .
i miss having bitches in my ahhh the good ol days .
i think the whole country hates kat right now mkr .
one mans hoe is another mans hoe they dont change nigga .
im glad to see that broads are still into the faggot look when it comes to picking dudes .
mkr host colin fassnidge in his element at tasteofsydney .
this niggah better remember to bring his .
thats the spirit mkr .
sum bitch that looks good where does a man such as myself pick up one of those .
whitethunduh how come you never bring me food i dont have a car retard .
these hoes aint shit i aint tripping off a thot ion like conversation you gone let me fuck or not .
oh my god this bitch walked past me and legit like a fish market .
got damn man hung tf over like a bitch .
nofakingg somebody tell these broke bitches stay in they place .
ill piss on a hoe .
that1guyjeff bitch please not gonna happen nope .
itsnotadam faggot read my tweets after dat k it wasnt even funny lol .
i thincc im a pretty average bitch ya know 128527 .
edroach twitter think about how work are they stored in can the easily them nope .
text your bitch some lyrics from that new ty dolla tape before she wake up so shell nag you a little less today .
urbancraziness andy went from owning toys to owning bitches and also tf is that coke doing teaching a class 128514 .
edouglas528 that would be your yankees all know they should win all .
you are beyond retarded .
its more going on now than 2 have u pushing yo trash ass music right now .
bitch .
id say im back to the old me but my old bitches would get excited 128524 .
never go full robot .
bitches who never knew me now calling me 128524 .
fuck twitter i aint getting on this bitch no more .
i drink unicorn tears and they say blondes dont age well you look like youre 20 ho8230 .
on the anniversary of 911 isis amp al qaeda supporters each claim ben as their own as a show of their jihadi pathetic .
dont hit me up talking bout who that bitch under yo pic get yo ass treated .
i be lying in got theses bitches like u on my fuckin mind but i be really focus just on this money .
lucky .
kat is a disgusting failure vampire what a bloody what a winner mkr .
adriarichards happy birthday .
freebsdgirl its great to see this being on so many different at once indeed .
scrappy always on the reunion with hella hoes nigga lmao .
the majority of you hoes think your shit dont stink .
listen twitter just because assholes just followed some stupid cunt does not mean i want to piss off with your .
yeah yo girlfriend a bitch i hope she got the .
okay im only going to say it once yer beards lol wiggers .
thinking about the boom boom boom ho video makes me laugh at least once a day .
those 2 cheats that gave the girls a 1 should be off the show mkr .
thick bitches .
this subway worker is being a major bitch to a soldier come on show some respect .
i got friday for refusing to give up my phone these bitches can kiss my ass cause there not getting it .
one nigga from the past told me one thing id never forget one mans trash is another mans treasure .
the saints are pure trash lol smh .
you lil dumb ass bitch i aint fuckin wit chu i got a million things id rather fuckin do than to be fuckin witchu .
i hate deconstructed you never even get anything its like a fucking cheese mkr .
schmeezi yesyouresexist i didnt even say why it sucks let alone that i her authority assume much a step .
if you can stick one finger in your pussy and feel all 4 your still tight 128076 .
draya really out catching a tan while her son looking out the window like the ikea monkey while everybody trick or .
its the most hillbilly thought ever a thing is a way one time or to one audience and therefore it must be that way always .
that bacon tho mkr .
love you too .
miss arnajane i think youd get on very well with missclarolyn seeing you both mkr .
lloyd likes thing no surprises there mkr .
niggas talk bout hoes but the same hoes be in their beds at night ctfuu .
as a girlfriend you have to accept the fact hoes are gonna be all up in his face but as a boyfriend he better let them 8230 .
ughhhh now to decide what to gtgt .
8220satisfiedx yall females love yall a bum nigga or a jail .
you you hoe i dont want you back classic joint .
even worse the media thinks hes an ally they keep letting him speak for us and it has to stop stopwadhwa2015 .
shower that hoe .
hate aw they gym cunts in ma year id rather eat like a pig and drink like ive got a problem .
happy halloween bitches 128536 halloween cle .
dese hoes be lyin to all of us nigga .
why dont you just google chris and day fucking bye .
my asshole credentials even rednecks hate me .
rikkilovee youre wearing my in your snapchat story hoe love you tho lol .
this is mkr .
thelmasleaze i meant to highlight that activities in which women perform well are not worthy because it is women that do them .
that bitch looked 128514 .
dislike people who bitch about other people being in relationships dislike people who bitch about people being single .
boy yo bitch a lame dont nobody know her but you .
glennf spacekatgal i read it only because i already knew what it was going to say hes not a creative .
her ass mann bro i can sit on her shit she walk by like i wasnt gone grab it bitch bye 999665039 .
kiefferjason nathanndevlin zachsmith98 bitch i been in plano every fuck weekend and you make excuses stfu and fight .
charlie4927 stacydmomof5 revkahjc cantucimblonde kacado pattism74 hi charlie .
pop that pussy for a real nigga .
bitches make me happy material make bitches happy .
oh there goes wadhwa using his position to shame shanley publicly again over her sex life set yourself on fire you sexist thx .
i should be in jail its a crime hoe i kill these beats .
jlorry96 ninaburleigh wadhwa im calling her dumb because she fell for his bullshit and also quoted one of the women he abused .
talkin bout bitches gettin butthurt am i right .
a hoe .
pussy ass hoe niggas i cant fuck wit yall .
how you make a salad and have no vegetables on the bitch give me a break potato salad .
peace faggots .
ion care if im in the wrong bitch dont blow ur at me .
ok this is funny a proud liberal who wants to end racism calls tim scott an uncle tom lolz lib idiots tcot .
when bitches change and start acting like the nigga they with .
out of these six i like 3 couple i think mkr mkr2015 .
ahaha there is a piece of cake they made out of this duck tape .
that cunt in the hat reminds me of brian blessed if he was the most boring man on planet earth mkr .
these hoe for everybody just like these niggahs for everybody a hoe gone be a hoe regardless and cont .
curd and cream is a deconstructed lemon tart isnt it mkr .
judges comments are so funny mkr .
watching my nig interview on espn .
used to have a girlfriend now all i got is hoes i was lookin for a good girl but she was fuckin on the low .
the fact that all yall hoes gettin pregnant wit no ring on ya finger 128514128514128514128514128514128514 .
if ya girl texts back slow you gotta hit her with the so who else you texting watch that bitch get more than .
hahaha chunky makes a save with his stomach .
thats just sloppy shit on a plate deconstructed really give it up for disaster mkr .
mikebinthed free world bitch .
they thought they were friends so constant from a rival pair has shocked mkr couple annie and lloyd .
kanyewest tell yo bitch to stop calling me fam .
victor amp shawn legs dont hurt they jigg every damn night .
all yall bitches dress alike wassup wit that .
i found a new way to chug you have to open your mouth alot .
all yall bitches fake an wanna bs get yall life .
danielleisanerd the thing i said to an account that was a confirmed sockpuppet that was supposed to sjws lol .
this just caught me talking to a bird and that was pretty embarrassing .
im so excited still at gdc stuff is wild .
is a fool 128514128514128514 first he called me a leprechaun then he said my heart cant be blue or purple it gotta be yellow or8230 .
segment finally did it never again watching teabagger propaganda in the morning on msnbc again on for me morningjoe .
beautifulkeezy 8220100046729 8220beautifulkeezy where tf toilet mouth ass be twatching hoe 128514128514 .
money hoes and clothes .
you dont want to play csgo youre a bitch no i wont play fucking league of legends that game is shit i8230 .
hats off to all hoodrat chicks from the ghetto who have anxiety attacks at events .
pussy this pussy that .
dis niga at da gas station trippin his bitch bitch who dnt wana ride wit a niga n a caddy up bitch jus shut the fck up lol .
shoutout to that dude that tried to me with releasing the source code for ggautoblocker if i didnt take the project down .
ilovebamf whats it say i see bird in it lmao .
bitches .
hi im late to the mkr party tonight whos house is this its very and .
imthirst i love louis quit bein a faggot and suck that dick .
chlldhoodruiner gotta keep these hoes on point .
for every hoe out there theres some nigga out there tryna save her and make turn her into a good jus keep ignoring his texts .
stevstiffler cant trust a bitch who lets the microwave hit 0 she doesnt care about her probably jumps on the lava part o8230 .
kensuttling not taking advice and he ate the yellow snow .
yall can have these so called bad bitches im looking for a nerd like rocky had .
zero for persons in alabama not a lot of either think about queer kids today .
that1guyjeff thank you i hate you eat fall down run face first into a wall yankees missed the playoffs .
i miss you being a wee cheeky cunt to me sad times .
i was given the same number as mean joe greene in high school but was never as tough as that son of a .
woridstarhlphop when you and your boys discover a hoe .
if only this had wings to help these girls fly out of the whole theyve for themselves mkr mykitchenrules .
why be negative when you can be positive fucking smile you beautiful bitch .
your ex wifes pussy tastes like sweet butter .
they say numbers dont lie bitch im not the 1 .
im so over the instant restaurants mkr .
ok look someone is me on something i hear the ding i dont know which account which service which computer uh dm me .
so kat and andre from mkr just leave a bad taste in your mouth very poor losers thats for sure .
i dont think women should wear flesh tone colored pants lol .
i wrote a tool so people wouldnt have to listen to their hate filled rants .
128514128514 mike calls me .
if youre interested in working on solutions wed love to have your help however i can spot a for media attention from a mile away .
she get a bunch of money spend it all on drugs with her bitches never fall in love .
that maple bacon w scrambled egg and bread order for tomorrows breakfast done mkr .
82201stblocjeremiah i want subway dem bitches do sound good .
sorryimalex slay his ass alex lil bitch needs to tighten the fuck and needs to stop acting like grown .
colin cant taste the food if he hasnt got his eyes closed mkr .
mykitchenrules oh the sass mkr2015 mkr katieandnikki .
i thought that bitch was trynna line .
way too many teams mkr .
mt89 this is accurate .
this bitch jus blew my high and i was off all of these .
colonelkickhead apparently walking a catwalk involves putting one foot in front of the know like walking mkr .
toddkincannon cry liberal bitches cry like you did when daddy left mt republicans are abt to take control of state .
i thought i love this bitch to the core .
i cant imagine how many more times we will see the same ads in another instant kitchen round i am now the products mkr .
128514128514128514128514128514 why fab snapped like that 128514128514128514 bitch .
no for you hoes .
i am so tempted to not contact twitter just so they can spend more money on promoting my twitter handle .
kat should be kicked off for bullying disgraceful behaviour mkr .
top notch bitches .
aint no pussy better then pussy .
what is a press kit how do i build one .
i now officially hate kat and andre i hope karma bites them hard mkr .
you could pick up a fucking if you dont like how your so but thats not going to happen .
wojtata denytheprophecy gabby called her yesterday and we call her a bitch and then cried .
at pussy cat lounge killin it with my girlz and .
drasko would take to have a root mkr .
fleebiscuit girls with anchor tats are hoes .
i dont have no type bad bitches is the only thing i like .
happy this nigga nick old i only like red bones ass is watching this .
green beans summer yellow squash zucchini cucumber i will set some more out by the road today its free .
miserable bitches talk the most shit .
i think most men cheat because theyre addicted to that new pussy smell .
far left looks the best if you ask me bitches try too hard just be yourself especially if youre thick .
0xabad1dea sorry gtgt .
pretty ass niggah .
tylerwilde sure gets to be a russian thing sometimes doesnt he .
0utcast but then they said oh nah ur not but dude im getting to be a heartless bitch have you not met me .
lisamromano my little lemon tarts mkr .
i take shots wit no chaser i get bitches i dont chase em .
bunch of hurt niggas amp bitches on my ig timeline tonight muhfuckas lame as hell b .
u can tell yo bitch we some yung rich homies .
firemunky a bitch your search ann b davis sexy did not match any image results .
imma limit my association with these grade f bitches next year on my life just gone be me and a few ppl dont got time for the bs frfr .
nicca n dis bitch playin games on his phone .
wanna find out the truth about somebody just tell em no and watch the real bitch nigga or hoe come out em .
rakwonogod fuck bitches get money a favorite niggas line when a girl leave his ass for another man .
kirindave holy crap ive got 2 of them so far just ordered a third ive been pretty happy so far .
wetsprocket every time they discover anything its either incorrect or something ive said publicly on my blog they are useless .
ive got saltine crackers and red wine here is it possible to a i uh havent been to church in awhile .
mykitchenrules pathetic channel 7 mkr .
call me crazy but i like my food i wouldnt pay for a build it yourself dessert mkr .
i hate bitches 128529 .
liveitupjersey ccass357 ltlt whered you go big mouth choking on that cock i told you to find .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx fisting more lovely sounds of fisting a loose pussy .
i have the scale its a wifi scale to internet which is awesome but not for the reasons youd think .
i keep hearing that gamergate is opposed to harassment i must be something surely .
niggas gon talk bitches gon hate .
dylanw i dont know him i dont know if he acts that way with everyone i only can base my opinion off that single exp amp his blog post .
when i a couple bad bitches in my casket .
search the terms obama and twinkie and get a bunch of people the same handful of jokes while having no idea why hostess failed .
officiallyice nigga the homemade tuna salad wit the saltine crackers tho .
mkr it should have been kat and andre flogs .
ohmyloz katie nikki and pete evans are everything that is wrong with society mkr .
ayy yo my nigga whochrisjones be all up on not lettin dat breathe .
rikkilovee stephyrae7 theonemissluu gabrielaangela4 lets hangout monday nigs .
stephenatwar ashleylynch ah .
hoe8221 .
big booty bitches big booty bitches .
best game ever8221 only cuz you suck at flappy bird .
tennessee isnt even orange its like vitamin pee yellow .
them angel hoes need some furniture .
mkr drasco is actually .
glitchdreams desertfox899 iglvzx i have an ipad iphone macbook air come at me bruh .
shut up bitch swallow .
my doctors office is retarded we noticed you put in a order so we it give us a call if you need a thanks .
nekkohbk do dykes date other dykes or is that shit gay to yall .
swag bitch .
mkr .
such a sucker for some oreos .
kazatta i woulda jus told skylar one night hey i got a flight in the wit it or nah while textin my brazilian bitch .
manstagram when your trying to resist the urge to smack a bitch .
i definitely cant fw a nigga that himself wit bitches i dont fw 128514128557 tf you fuccing .
fellow .
imjessicaaaaa joytooawesome vintagemonroe eat my .
hoes these days .
yall niggas b cuffing hoes cause yall aint never have bitches .
my hoes they do .
im really nice 128557 but a bitch at times .
jack ma gotta love a guy who beat albino ass back to the us freakin commie genius .
that was definitely rigged mkr .
lakers fans will feel the pain the yankees fans are feeling today at the end of basketball season .
lol u knw dem project bitches be having dem light brown roaches we call dem water bugs 128514128514 .
this hair screams bitch .
he answers to he is not that smart .
has more emotional impact when its the face of a person reading it out loud .
a video an entire media will likely mock i am such a crybaby .
the whole equality thing is getting out of hand ill just leave this here .
when you ate the pussy but yeen think she was gone tell .
molly and need the so bound i go everyone else is off to i couldnt get time off so hey ho 8 .
if you got a nigga and you another nigga wcw you a hoe 128514128514 .
nah we still up tweetsnochill all the flat booty bitches asleep yet or nah .
never have i seen a toddler chug a water bottle so fast lol .
all men interrupt women to over irrelevant issues for the sole purpose of a he sa8230 .
airam12 some of you bitches are they are everywhere 128530 .
wtf kat and andre are cheaters that is so unfair they cannot give someone 1 they should be gone mkr katandandre  .
if california chrome doesnt go off at even money or better i might flip a trash can over i mean damn can i get 65 oh the humanity .
what faggot complained about stretch marks my nigga them shits taste like the on cinnamon toast crunch http8230 .
now youre drinking till youre unconscious feel me when you get a fine bitch .
fuck the tranny im driving it like its been for the last 4 years till it finally goes out 128514128514128514 .
128588 idome2 this vodka be having all the hoes bent .
if i aint hit that bitch then i aint hit that bitch why lie about it thats petty bullshit .
next year bitches is gonna be like you gotta promise you wont expose me .
i wish i was a bird so i could constantly shit on the people i hate .
flappy bird me out .
these hoes aint yours its just yo turn 128175128175 u hear me .
you fake niggah lolol .
someone tell me where the drinks at where the bitches at you fucking on the first night meet me in the back game .
oh now your bitch ass wants to reply back after 3 days bitch bye .
why do yall bitches act so childish .
clearly im afraid of birds .
no officer i wasnt drunk driving i was on them hoes .
just saw the words tinker soldier spy and no .
asked niece why the sun is yellow her reply maybe theres bees in there .
so fuck robert a .
have you noticed all the ghetto people naming their kids after cars .
no bitch you slut vianawf chill .
100s 20s yea i like my money in order bad asian bitch yea she look just like .
bringing across border separated from others by yellow tape pregnant teens http8230 .
you got hella hoes .
kazatta if yo girl let them in she a belong to the world why u cuffing her .
the face you make when you see a hoe trying to preach on twitter .
lmfao watching mountain with taylor cuz weve both never seen it aha queers mckinley719 .
i heard it correctly .
i fuck alien bitches demon and angel bitches a couple of bitches got really drunk and fucked a dragon chick a couple .
i wouldnt be acting like a crazy bitch if you just told me what the hell goes on in your head .
i wont trust a bitch 128581 .
i think you a fat bitch if i never see ya body on the tl and you got nothing but neck up avis .
yup he did like a straight bitch .
ryancruz always on my tl being ghetto 128514128514 .
oreo ice cream cake 128588 128525 .
will reveals he once done some modelling as well as being a body double in a porno mkr .
delete this lmao sedsince81 bruno mars and el both cop blow from the same dont mind me tho .
yum concrete balls for brekky mkr .
im a purple headed cunt .
poor cant help havin resting bitch face i feel ya home biscuit .
jawshoeeahhh that means youre balling if youre jewish lol i dont love hoes lol .
when you try to smash but that pussy stank .
kensuttling you used to be funny coloured paper .
ha fucking twat go cry about mommy some more .
katandandre mkr2015 mkr why would you be such dicks .
hahaha high school what a joke more like fake bitches an dumb niggas here .
w the depot a hoe hoe hoe motherfucker santa is coming to town .
louievree just cause i liked a photo from 32 weeks ago dont mean im stalking you bitch you just dont look as good as you used to .
yungmigo na a hoe cry to yu swear she aint fuckn off n still have a side nigga .
dpalomino52 i think worst advice i gave you was dont be a pussy and speed up lol .
lifes a bitch then you die tony .
charlie strong will have texas back as a better power of big 12 is now .
freebsdgirl it feels like only new people claim sexism exist because the sexism already drove away the .
those crackers will leave you asf .
bruh these hoes now .
bitch dont run to the hes dead too .
sbsylvester cblaze bitch what meet up at plano senior high school or vines i got some shit on my chest am going take it out on yall .
brianfenton d d .
i have never once in my life been to a coffee shop like starbucks i am a hick though .
amaninblack this article is shit but lol grimachu losing an argument with randiebooks made buzzfeed gamergate .
no way im on a dude you are fat diet twinkies are the devil so are breakfast tacos i miss breakfast .
haha yes kat and andre failing karma mkr .
i really want an now and if you said i would say this a week ago i would call you a super retard .
those chicken livers look massive did they come from mkr .
i dont understand the need for multiple i guess theyre going to keep on until they can slant 1 against the officer .
blah blah blah blah how it sound when these bitches talk 128530128564 .
jones lyfe jennings charlie wilson hill next tyrese and etc bring that type 8230 .
my fucking god bruh the birds from are in front of my .
daijahshardaee yess bitch cuts colors and ha self .
omg i hate this bitches fucking laugh shut the fuck .
fuck bad bitches .
if i hit you w that bitch i bet that body flip .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx closeup squirting pussy and fingered asshole .
oh no tht hoe fake .
munching on ww crackers amp studying trans since nyc amp i havent had a thing in over 15 yrs .
yeah if you get in trouble its less than a 5 percent chance that its a mistake so youre a fucking retard .
why do bitches come to school wearing stripper heels to school makes no sense .
if i was to get a rich girl so be it at least she likes me she saw something in me you hoes didnt see .
we to help those policies and gain better enforcement as well as provide users with the power to filter what they experience .
82201waynostra dats y i dont argue wit dese bitches lol8221 keep it lls .
i am no longer willing to claim im just like you just queer as my cry .
stockputout not that high yet only like i think im not even as as i should be i havent been playing that much .
niggas can do slope form but cant make scrambled fuckin eggs thats a lil backwards .
freebsdgirl they dont even go here .
this bitch just blew my high 128514128514128514128514128514 .
people hate on da life but i love my baby more then a pussy ass nigguh .
kat and andre can fuck right off mkr .
die slow bitch thotcho that8217s scary accurate .
why u cant just because we dont love these hoes .
every good story starts off with so this bitch lol .
want more women in foss these people into the sun .
yo nig your a .
cxarli glad it helped .
i gotta team of hoes like pat .
my chink ass eyes .
bitch made dudes actin bitch made .
you left prom camping first day cause youre a bitch boy .
my mom seen my progress report amp was like so wtf is up wit this b bitch wtf do you not see them 7 as 128529 tf she just 9995 .
are beaner candy .
always wanted to fuck that bitch thank you god i fucked that bitch .
mkr poor colin not looking his best .
niggas talk more than bitches these days .
this bitches voice .
turbocunt huh i might have to try this at some point .
on westside im screamin fuck kd bitch .
lifes a bitch because if it was a slut it would be easy .
i miss her but i cant bitch i was the one who fucked up whatever .
freebsdgirl i would never ever want to get into a debate with you over whether or not something is blue .
lenletaylor that shit was racist and unacceptable lt wow .
this bitch brought her okay .
i wish it was appropriate to go around slapping bitches when they say stupid shit .
jaimescudi jaimescudi i swear if oomf try talking to me tomorrow barackobama pussy .
those eggs look like mkr .
ill eat ya pussy like a savage but once you put ya nasty ass feet in my face my socks and already on and im out .
this show trash queen latifah show .
i just bitch slapped my brother .
wordtothewise i love when the birds are chirping in the morning .
you need a nicca like me to bring that freak outta you .
boys get thirsty and for a girl no pussy getting ass niggas .
fuckin see ya .
vbomb20 woodchuck20 pussy love it .
i had a dumbass dr do that on a i was just like this dumb bitch .
the whole afternoon has been about the deep bitch .
8220idntwearcondoms ladies what if a dude put two hands in your pussy and started lmaoo .
im the biggest pussy when it comes to scary stuff .
this hoe loud .
i was looking for a specific video by femfreq so i searched on youtube good so many angry .
rich homie and bird man gone be at mansion 233lan tonight 128064 .
charlie baker for mass most lib in most lib state supports r for gov dog via bostonglobe .
omg this churner feels like razor blades on my hand oh wait mkr .
anyone for cake with white frosting cake chocolate yum mkr masterchef yum .
i dont shit talk i chip talk dese niggaz jus bitch talk dese niggaz jus chik stalk naw i aint got no chik .
outside .
when you eat food thats too hot and start breathing like a retarded dragon .
absolutely im still up that the one time i wear a superhero cape on bart i run into someone that i sorta know .
lifes a bitch and then you die thats why we get high cause you neva know when youre gonna go my sister is perfect .
so now he wanna lie 128514128557 hes a fuccing joke 9995128564 ajay gotta whole bitch but oml trynna argue wit me amp shit like what boi .
worst drive .
taking off like a bitch bra .
deep fried oreos .
this bitch is dressed for church the club the gym and to slay vampires 128514 .
and when bitches be like me and him against the world bitch dont nobody even know yall together nobody hating .
photo my mains riri22barbie yessssss ladykimora turntup vegas bitches 128525128525 .
youknowmaxwell no clue but these bad hoes aint really bad .
my power bricks on those getting a refund and picking up another asus its cheaper anyways .
hoskinsty96 and retarded .
at dunkin and every time somebody walked in i either yelled ratchet or hoe and so me and my brother got kicked out 128514128514128514 .
just trynna have a bad bitch come thru 128564 .
this student call me to bitch about her grade i tell homegirl im seeing an assignment here as not submitted .
buddy a fruit brandon said you a dirty ass .
if a bitch is bad n single she single fo a prolly cray or a .
saw my dog this female dog the other day now the female is waiting outside my door for a quick hook up my dog gets bitches .
bitch what ocean is this .
mkr colin .
boutta walk out on these hoes8221 .
lrt i got white privilege bingo .
thank you hand out that candy charlie charlie4927 stacydmomof5 revkahjc cantucimblonde kacado pattism74 .
the developer policy needs an update that us to filter tweets twitter clients continue to have bugs block lists .
drunksixthgrade dont mind me im just over here tryin to teach ur bitch how to dougie .
that bitch my hair way to short .
with louisville 5 losing last night a win to iubb 7 tonight should have them back in the top 5 ncaa basketball iu hoosiers .
if tonight proves nothing else instant restaurants should be judges scoring only mkr pathetic from kat and andre .
hit me up with plans nigs .
gucci fucked a lot more famous bitches but he the type to not have to speak on who opened their mouth .
whos in sudden death mkr .
so cold ma nig .
yes good eurotrash .
wcw both the babes amp 0beyyourmaster love sexy bitches bestfriend .
a boyfriend who tells hoes and sluts i have a girlfriend is a real ass dude .
this van and bitch at starbucks needs to back the fuck up out of my space in line .
i feel like i got bitch slapped by karma .
mkr here comes a .
shervyn i have one i just have to talk to them mostly .
bust a nicca a the club up 128514 .
noworriezzzz dont lie to me bitch im giving you my heart .
y these niggas on this hoe shit .
these hoes aint .
blackgirldanger stay mad this happens every 28 hours theres already been another unarmed black person killed since mikebrown .
weird to be tweeting when youre supposedly chased off of twitter .
fuck da bulls and your trash ass music nigga fuck da .
so says will win and then goes after for doing the same thing lmao at you teabaggers morningjoe .
dont be a fool wrap your tool unless you wanna be a ratchet white bitch at the clinic with 4 baby daddies shes apparently .
well i already got some lol but im bout to hop in the shower and eat something real quick then ill be on my way nig .
criticize amanda for saying the n word sure but dont make jokes about her sexual assault dont be trash .
ill finger ur tight pussy so slowly youll be moaning my name bby .
traffic in the .
so thats a big double announcement for mkr what does everyone think .
you8217re a bitch ain8217t seen y8217all lose that bad thotcho at work my wrists currently thanks tom brady .
i love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem .
i hope charlie brought the lube for this test .
media matters behind campaign about httptco8230 .
treating women like trophies the the better totally not sexist .
you boys sure come up wit some crazy names in my day we never talked about no faggots .
they need a couple of mkr .
step up and take your iubb hoosiers .
whats that quote about jacking off with one hand and pointing with the other .
dril night time falls im latin now a man of i place a bird feather into my glass of and i never do posts .
brianfenton did you just try to perl to me and fail .
well that sucks that kobe is out now hes still filthy you can hate him all u want but if you dont have respect for him ur retarded .
abc its time 14th amendment it was written to protect newly ex slaves its lived its purpose time to end anchor baby .
let me make this clear i dont need no fucking body i dont need none of you whack ass hoes too be friend 128564 .
way too many pussies who just lay down and do nothing in my generation both literally and .
trix2343 i have something that you dont bitch always remember that .
swizzzy how do bitches but still getting cheated on something not adding up .
a bird that courts females by building a beautiful nest with bright 8230 http8230 .
away .
craziestsex eat her pussy and look at her like .
professorf chrisvcsefalvay for someone blocking gamergate freebsdgirl sure does manage to find her way into these .
you will never get a if you dont know how to cook for ya man fr atleast not from a nigga like me slackin ass bitches .
my moms a worse bitch than me like ugh i cant stand that hoe .
just shot a piece a garlic across my flat in an attempt to peel it still a better cook than kat mkr .
ok stupid bitch .
bitch what .
0xabad1dea kelseytheodore2 ive been the day that old people find twitter and start using it to send their angry letters .
yellow face and its a no .
and for spent three years trying to figure out what to do in level 1 .
you should your personal reasons why one gender looks weird doing an activity as as bike riding .
joeylattime ill fucking a bitch dude dont fuck with me .
this is so weird you guys so weird so awesome if you had asked me a year ago where i would be i never would have guessed this .
stunt on these hoes .
this bitch said shell do something strange for some change .
she she know im the pussy .
i didnt even know random was an option .
i hate how girls bitch about e v e r y t h i n g .
some call me the song bird of my generation .
they thought i wouldnt make it pussy nigga we made it .
you think id learn by now that once red flag bullshit appears to gtfo but nooooo i have to have faggot ass faith in people .
a peace is google search to include porn and adds a new google api for cats as a service the world .
tryna get to home like base to base to base closet looking like planet of the bathing apes .
so says the one who fills an empty hole inside herself by a royal who 4 all u kno may be a raging snotty bitch .
my nigga so stiff but his bitch even me that is 128175 .
shereeny caulkthewagon she assumed i was lying when i said i didnt know and thats ridiculous ive been busy the past week .
proon freebsdgirl why starbucks spells your name wrong .
tell your bae ho it means i love your eyes in italian .
im so dead 128128128128 why you hoe me idk i just felt like flaming you lol .
you killed that hoe .
wow no yellow yet and screwed maybe no yellow coming .
is mkr sexist then four of the six teams in the fourth instant restaurants are an team .
my hoes love to go .
snipeyhead basically my life .
tharealist yea that hoe was rocking friday and last night .
i8217m out ah man officiallyice the bartenders be sellin pussy too i thought only the strippers sold pussy .
i cant be homeless in 2014 but them bitches better not slip in 2015 .
they didnt even wash the chicken mkr .
so some bitch flipped me off for letting her infront of mee okay .
i try to pass him up get in passing him hes just looking at me like im playing a game do i hi idgaf dont fuck w me bitch .
yal niggas funny man lol was suppose to get out of that bitch after he was up a band smh .
keyshawnswag peel up peel up bring it back up back where im from they move from the line who tf said that trash .
dont be a bitch get two .
ian worried bout a bitch who aint worried bout me .
i convinced was a no bitches no kids all those leather uniforms wanted to be alone with his closest men .
viribracefacee no problem my niggah 128076 .
femshaveballz lol at my mentions youre a racist yeah kill all is .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx lingerie bitch in lingerie getting her wet cunt .
also anyone who wants to bitch about the prices at disney needs to check this out next time .
my new bitch finer than a mf but i dont understand shit she say .
say it again alotta you bitches standards are niggas that8217s outta yall league .
pallehoffstein ashleylynch cranboonitz amazed gg didnt try to spin it into a win somehow they try to do that with everything .
when youre grinding with a bitch and shes knocking you over with the booty .
is so fing hot f sarah shes like a bird .
yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing bitch i be getting bread too .
a comparison to santa would be more apt lots of talk around the tonight .
these bitches fine .
ps mary was approved was not approved until .
im about my commas bitch period .
silvermillsy i could not be paid enough to live through my 20s again p .
funnypicsdepot hes a .
its money over bitches even though i love ladies .
snoleezey801 uceina poly ratchets cant stand poly bitches in general 128514 they loud annoying and they talk too much .
merry christmas bitches .
one thing i love about russel wilson he aint a bitch about runnin it .
gezus you bitch come on you bitch you scared coward you not man enough to fuck with me you cant last two minutes in my world bitch .
of course win or lose you always had the most exciting matches blood and all and you arent a trash talker .
are you a race traitor or just a dumbass .
youd rather live with trash than make it work with a good woman .
all i need is a 100 million dollars bc i got that bad bitch .
i want some monkey bread .
bitch merry christmas .
look at me does it look like i give a fuck or half a fuck or the square root of a fuck no the slope of my fuck is zero .
i used to get a lot tho maybe thats why my soles cracked so much .
im going to show these bitches how its done .
kgasso just did .
the past hour of driving was horrible have decided that i am in fact not from d .
just seen a dude wearing all black and white outfit with shorts shes getting some pussy tonight .
thank you for that dose of .
beautiful wall color 128525 100d i dont love these bitches and you shouldnt either 128581 .
absolutely mkr .
i only bring up name to the hoes i know with kids because they need to know .
these bad bitches really aint that bad when you see a pic of .
when im done with a hoe i pass her to the squad g .
when his hoes thought it was over .
gettin drop top dat hoe .
our pancakes are selling like hotcakes shaz yes yes they are jac we wish we could sample some mkr tvweekmag .
all i eva wanted was some muh fuckin guala .
badcathal yesyouresexist the redskins surely dont have anything to do with the youre posting under just get a damn .
liars ever republican teabagger like stockboy .
and happy to be hoes too than being in denial .
i cannot be worried bout no i know a bitch could be somewhere sucking a dick ayeeee .
bitch aint u his lawyer y u thank body stfu kill dat bitch to .
the girls are bringing the heat mkr .
i only punch real niggas in the face cause a pussy nigga is gonna punch me right back strong or shake .
fuc u say all these hoes look good on .
when niggas wanna cheat they start an argument with their girl bitch i told you i hate ketchup on my fuck this im out .
used to hate mkr now i enjoy watching the producers its almost art .
no just no mkr .
another round of instant restaurants are you serious mkr yawn .
i dont fuck u lil stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin wit you u lil dumbass bitch i aint fuckin wit you8221 .
dylanw i didnt come at this looking to attack him hes the one that told me to piss off .
i love when the pussy smacking an it sound like u mixing .
youre a little bitch and im straight up rude .
tflye you a hoe for that im rolling 128514128514128514128514128514 .
how ghetto girls start their fights 128514 .
nikkiconner13 with my bottom bitch .
was waiting for the close up of kats face with critique mkr .
skin diamond really was the last champion for ebony porn everything else is kinda trash now .
possibly respond to some support requests with answers .
twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet they need instagram jail for hoes doing shout out for shout out all 8230 .
youre our bitch though .
so many groupie hoes in the condo its a group home .
get your ass back to detroit ya fuckin wigger .
did la just refer to herself as a darkie .
8220voiceofdstreetz ross got amber rose naked these hoes aint loyal that aint amber rose tho .
hey im not bragging but im like the best at you know i got that cash ho .
did that bitch ever get out of way .
the used to give kids free lunch in the bronx when i was a kid glad to see they are still doing good .
cocky sons of bitches .
i hope the yankees game doesnt get out tonight its going to be a special atmosphere and game jeter .
dont let the power of the dollar turn you into a hoe .
call me bitch .
squishilicious ad break pet pic mkr not my tortoise tho i had them as a kid this is the cutest idea .
mkr nope fuck that .
if a nigga talkin shit about me an you around sittin there quiet yous a fuckin bitch an i dont fucks with you real .
colin make a mkr .
if you call my mom a bitch your getting knocked mamas 128076 .
almost done with this bitch ass room .
yeah we cant might have to rock bottom you foreal veronicagk im a big bitch and proud lol let me live .
u coons watching love and hip hop aint you .
gentlermouse tell her that its a gaming so im thinking dress over leggings with some boots .
this bitch eyebrows lookin like the bulls logo .
whats a decent on ive 92 over the past few years not sure if thats decent or not .
brianholmes2700 i you bitch .
dont you hate when someone you care about is dating a hoe but they wont listen to you .
maybe you should not on the twitter .
a bitch .
jus a d nicca n the a .
when yo song come on and you hit the blunt hard af cause that hoe go dat hard .
just cuz he looked at you doesnt mean he likes you hoe .
only bitch round here is the one i8217m .
two birds with one stone .
hot lemon curd no mkr .
is channel7 taking us for a ride back to back as breaks mkr .
study by center for biological diversity called funded a kill birds year .
dis bitch blowin me man fuck u .
the bitch coach said she didnt like my attitude .
always get caught up with strippers tyga actually had a child with one niggas get rich a buy bitches .
i want a pet monkey 128553128525 .
no puppy today this puppy had some pretty severe anxiety issues i can work with that but leo would not be happy .
you ever call your ex while youre fucking your side bitch yea im gonna do that later .
goldnsilvercoin god she actually voted to give people insurance rates that bitch .
1stblocjeremiah damn where you on house arrest at amp yup in tht bitch like .
drasko and steve are trying to impress collin so bad mkr wait til the hair pulling amp slapping starts .
breakup anthem threw lemme just fall back pick up my side hoes cuz i stayed in contact 128526 .
callmerenee lilmenifee wussup bitch .
my timeline right 127944ravens 127944ravens commercial tweet 127944ravens 127944ravens some bitch talkin .
yeah unlike this tweet im not sexist but do girls do everything for attention .
trestiffer lil b already to puff for the hoes .
see now were both complaining about things that dont exist .
1stnamebravo aw fag dont tweet aw to me lol .
the teams are so rough in their scoring girls deserve better mkr .
bow down bitches bow down .
ciscoallday and btw dont ever bring up past hoes wit yo ol lady i took that l in hs tryna be honest smh .
8220leelucas 100046729 bitch ima shake til i cant nomo .
the people that need that education likely wouldnt attend an antiharassment conf .
im back bitches 3d back in effect its on tonite .
srhbutts ceo of sony europe gamergate as harassment .
mckinley719 bitches bow down .
wait what kinghorsedick y8217all ever put ur finger in the lil hole in the back of the pussy just me cool .
dont put on the cape unless youre ready to be a hero .
when you and your boys discover a .
fag rhymes with gag .
yall im so mad i wasted them calories on that honey bun that ho was dry as hell 128553 .
no worries pete and manu take all the time off you need in fact feel free to fuck right off i prefer colin mkr .
kinghorsedick long distance sex will definitely have u thinking u like a bitch a lil too much .
im the trash .
check his hoe for i check her .
kenzieblake2015 duh youre my main bitch .
why is all these artist and new ones making so much trash .
they also love to add 10 years to my age which doesnt bother me i grew up envious of unix beards .
a girlfriend is almost a bill lowkey so at this point in my life where i should be gettin outta my moms crib ill rather just have hoes .
the republican lt governor of missouri says hes sorry he called law angloamerican law racist pig that he is .
yo hoe will get slayed 128298 .
lol that chick from last night is still raging about me blocking her i guess .
look at that thot pussy popping for usher .
i dont love my hoes i love a couple not all 128514128514 .
im a fat bitch .
feministajones not today bitch not today feministajones soooo ur a black feminist u do know how pointless that i8230 .
my life is going to a bitch for 6 short weeks .
iamtroyal5 lol i wouldve beat that hoe up .
imneverchillin bitch for who gap im a model yall bitches cant tell me nothin .
dont no woman want a man that acts like a bitch .
yankees yankees win 65 on a walkoff single by derek jeter farewellcaptain .
niggas be bitches hoes be bitches ion see no difference .
get it bc you called yourself a tool i called you a hoe bc hoes are tools hahahaha im so funny .
honestly im not sexist but thats two fucking woman that have done that now time to start a collection again .
niggaz irrational these to jump bad bout a bitch .
i get what that girls point seems to be but colored people died during the and 911 if thats a picture of the idk .
muzzie fuckers hope it was set to go full of bacon and pork .
you said i texted u and told u i missed you yeah i did bitch like 4 weeks ago grow up .
im finna quit this bitch me frfr im sick of this shit let me start job huntin now .
dj khaled is retarded .
lonely twitter bitches be like relationshipgoals gtgtgtgtgt .
ugly bitches listen yall can not be havin a stank attitude yall dont have nothing working for you but your personally so dont fuck it up .
fronting bitches get that i just got off the island dick then i never hit them up again because im a fronting ass nigga .
video charlie baker campaign team contacting gov patrick for meeting .
its a food competition what if kat and andre cooked last and there was no opportunity for strategy poor .
my ebooks collection is getting too big have tech books on fire books amp other books on .
it is well known that supports to birds this petition h8230 .
wyattnuckels who do you think i am bitch .
ladies remember other women including your friends are trifling you speak too great about your nigga other bitches will try him smh lol .
so are the olympics over in brazil yet or what i mean yay sports what stop looking at me like are you .
this dumb drives in circles through town on his bright yellow cycle with music .
they be tryna b on the low but one day these bitches gonna realize some niggas talk more then them .
i dislike weather above .
nick504 nigga i still pull tho and fuck you bitch u stfu .
well i feel like a bitch 128530 .
high then a hoe hitting this bowl for my nigga rick riprick .
pretty day in sf .
triplecz3g niccas love doin dat brah .
mkr yum there cooking up a storm .
that1guyjeff fuck you bitches .
mkr no sauce for your pork lloyd will be so upset he loves a sauce with his pork .
or basic concepts like threat .
drinking a bitch beer outta a badass .
they bitches i will you me to your bitch .
rakwonogod i started fuckin with bitches who believe everything their horoscope believe the dumbass they gunna .
aint nuthin retarded bout gucci but this gold .
you guys are all faggots .
i feel bad having this info but at the same time karmas a bitch .
animecommentary no worries .
first thing i look at is whats on a bitch feet .
bitch look homeless and u say meth not weed ur a fucking discrimination to american but enough of the bull shit what up fuk boy .
callmerenee wussup bitch .
youknowmaxwell these hoes dont want no help but they want all the help .
what an inconsiderate bitch .
proud to be a redneck .
getcho ghetto booty up .
they could have cut and cooked their own capsicum etc mkr .
vintagemonroe beat the pussy in so well her shit still hurting from a week ago 128563 .
yasss bitch yassss you deserve it drake voice .
i went to see this is where i leave you at a movie with tables and real food it was fun i ordered a brownie dessert p .
i have a bitch face and a bitch voice to match it so its kinda hard making friends .
smh iont understand it but fuck it more hoes for me 128527128514 .
texas terrorists reportedly caught at border feds clam up .
justezzzee that nigga aint no fucking champ he a straight up bitch who not bout shit bitch made .
8220highclasscapri whatevaittakes no bitch hurry up so hungry i cant .
sassy girls rule mkr .
go fish bitch .
im not sexist but this is nothing but truth women females .
lupefiasco shut the fuck up you cry baby all you do is bitch and whine about life shits retarded .
seeing another baseball team just makes me wanna book my yankees trip right now .
my baby guinea pig is so cute adorable .
since you hoes wanna be childish 128514128514128514 .
nah bitch apples apples bitch nawl cuz oranges oranges oranges bitch you dumb as fuck .
lmfao you knew you was stop hating hoe .
if u get mad or in ur feelings bout vs yanks tweets then twitter aint for u i be rolling at this shit .
plus sheryl crow .
lmfaoooo yooo i lost my elevator pass 128557128557 now i cant even share it bitch wants me to go get another one tho she knows me .
the last time your pussy was salmon pink was .
my broke ass meal i had some egg noodles but we aint have no no pepper nothing i put on them bitches .
theyre afraid of being a bitch in person .
some girls be using halloween as an excuse to act like hoes and get away with it smh .
aw are your jimmies .
as nature dogs dont eat each other as much as birds do not everything is as it seems in human terms .
trix2343 zitlalyl vicmanzan0 hes a beaner not a nigga .
bitches saying ray rice got what he deserved but just a month ago wanted this man free 128056974965039 .
i wont do nothin with the bitch she cant even get me hard .
see he already know he a faggot lmao .
i understand why everyone loves pussy .
cant trust these hoes and when i say hoes i mean dudes to .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx anal blonde tranny ass fucked .
ever look at a bitch tweet and was like bitch stfu 128514128514 .
killquana hun wrong social site for a good morning post and something extra .
freebsdgirl i disagree .
and a hoe gon be a hoe regardless .
dont make me pull out the hoe .
i mean why would gamergate care about a video where people read the abusive tweets theyve received what does this have to do with ethics .
police officer just told me you are not an asshole all is fair in love and puppies .
taxstone a womans revenge to a man is being a hoe .
chiefkeef bitch ass took flight frm .
stupid bitch 128545 .
if you cant turn instagram into some real life shit trash .
someone sent pizza to the wrong address again baph is so incredibly freebsd is supportive as usual .
funnyorfact real friends dont get offended when you call them bitch hoe or slut they smile and call you something more offensive .
daniel theres no cow and hoe in jackson this city living lol .
oh shit 128557128128 dallas trash8221 your is trash .
skinny young nigga n im finer than my bitch .
annie and lloyd wonder why no one is up who the eff eats meatballs for breakfast mkr .
kiefferjason sorry dont know what to tell you but to get your pussy ass off my twitter .
i hate when bitches try to talk shit with chipped nails .
extra yellow .
cant stand a bitch that always feels the need to be doing somethin sit your ass at home and be bored you aint gotta be a hoe all the time .
rock76 like who let em bring da heat in dis bitch bro .
82201017sqquad in the mall with yo bitch and yo money im getting me somethin .
ricky is such a bitch when it comes to .
watch we salute the vets jihadi bitch slaying fired at taliban cockroaches during firefight .
if u dont buy the box of colored goldfish you r a racist tbh .
chilblane im just fast .
draft drinking game chug a beer everytime you see a black woman crying .
cuhcuhcuh bitches name they make up off of instagram filters cuh this bitch was lookin like rise the other day .
told da nicca str8 up to his face he got goin on i want he felt some type of way bout it .
patricechienne rolls of some sort with coffee mkr .
love one of you bucket headed hoes .
and thus our warm fuzzy holiday lesson never take those you love for for they can be gone in a flash .
whats wrong w this marie bitch .
a bitch got 8 amp im trinna change 2 128514128557 .
showmeatittie up hoes down if ya bitch can8217t swim then tha hoe gone drown .
maybe if kat and andre spent as much time focusing on cooking rather than strategy theyd actually do well mkr .
honestyhour no bitch better try to fuck with my girl cause i will go off .
wrong girls are for guys that want hot sex that looks good fat bitch knows that .
hows this bitch wearing high right now .
so if are not the worst theyre safe mkr .
mental in dallas texas should i go find this hoe .
i could blank all you sons of bitches out goofy .
moneydriven lol such a nig .
what do you think of the two teams facing sudden death on monday mkr .
seriously someone get these girls english lessons they have no idea what theyre saying mkr .
bitches think theyre slick but no matter how hard they try and hide it we can still tell if theyre hoes or not .
ceeross shoulda told her yeah if i can take you home for pussy lol .
here this nigga go damn dark skinned hoes be havin all that ass but be lookin like .
yep them bitches are dumb but dumb lol .
derekgatewood its not ghetto you fool .
you say you gotta new bitch .
jihadi killed in nj w at least 2 of ring 10 yrs ago http8230 .
if you attractive will believe you have the niggasbitches regardless of if you really do or do not .
robinashe switchmanzzz victorymonk b3bilco justlaurenb lbigmann thegags29 no idea just shes a conservative whose was .
ampowerblog so a man who is a pussy and a coward you and easily took what was yours you are clearly much less than a man then .
finally bros making superhero a woman person of color and actor who as queer httptco8230 .
seemed to be having an experience by special up and at .
xdsmooth i bet i fuck yo bitch tho .
i like my bitches simple laid back your mental .
swear these hoes aint got nothing on me .
im going to punch a bitch if my cleats dont come .
thats my bitch man i swear .
hey pussy you still there .
what kind of shit must you write honestly no knowledge no sense of humor no .
shout out to you ungrateful inconsiderate bitches im taking this shot for you yea you .
if this was high school er body catch as hoe lmao .
follow me bitch lol u too good to follow back ha ha .
idc i eat the pussy 128513 .
ooo logan pulling bitches .
pretty sure white men make more than everyone else and have lowest unemployment so 200 yr action program is still working .
my nigguh wtf .
senorsteez these hoes aint loyal mane they .
i love when celeb nudes leak and all the girls with trash bodies try and critique them .
you gotta be a new breed of retarded if you do that .
crack that whip cracker .
even nature looks awesome when colored in .
i hate when boys deny that they have bitches smh .
okay so maybe not every in is evil but i would 80 of the people ive have been trash another 10 barely human .
1 hour 21 minutes .
this could be my last take my time cause ima go out the same way i came by the pussy with nothin on my mind .
residinero bitch crib while she cooks me eggs .
bucket trash all you bitches is my sons 128520 .
for a everybody 128514128514128514128514 block bitches too .
i just fucked an albino it was weird because it was like a white body impersonating a black voice like iggy azalea .
whenever you need your hoe protected on social media or anywhere in the world please contact and hell fight for that hoe .
yo daddy is a bitch you jus a son of that .
celine ate all the ice cream little kid mkr .
edouglas528 sorry bout your yanks like in the .
i bet he rey go crazy ona bitch jack .
iowahawkblog if you call a player a pussy when hes by and a low class when he trash talks you might be a f8230 .
oh my god .
to the retards usa at the dallas game kansas is in the usa .
if the bitch dont like it she cant be my bitch .
a fuck aint shit to these new age hoes .
slagkick hes pretty chill super sick though multiple which is why hes always stoned .
took uber to amp from club last weekend 12 total cheaper than the 20 parking had 8 extra to throw at the hoes .
these hoes want love so bad .
i wanna eat the fuck u talking bout then bitch .
tyg235 italianmontana have fun losing tonight bitch .
my job gives me a constant stream of .
oreo nhl if u zoom in you can see his hairy nipples .
youll never catch me in public with a chick that got an iphone im only seen in public with classy bitches .
dont call me a nigguh unless u call me my nigguh .
kazatta he jus need to go to brazil get himself a bad brazilian bitch and jus relax .
lol i be eatin da shit outta sum pussy ill never be a serial pussy eater tho .
nah youre a nigger .
me and da gonna do a of da jeffersons only dis time he gonna be weezy and we married op trannies .
me 2nite bitches .
you fear me because you dont know what i am i look like a woman i sound like a man and your reason tells yo .
jillwetzler and then when you for more diversity you fight people who say things like youre the hiring .
taught ma lil niggah how to treat a girl .
sometimes i wake up on the the floor outside near a trash can on your mom in hollywood somewhere in a ally somewhere .
or jim crow laws laws anti womans laws amazing how everyone doesnt want to bring that up .
i back in time to and up on my enemy i slit the throat and by vomited into my hand .
1 really kat and luck girls mkr .
u said me hoe 128514128514128514 so i did .
so i seen this sweater its i wanna get it i gotta get it it say my boyfriend is my bitch with some puppies 128514128514128514 .
better bitch .
i want my ears to look like this i just want this bitches earrings lol 128513 .
im not sexist but happy days gtgt loves .
8220if your act like your those ages not like your 20 its not that moment when i thought this tweet was abo8230 .
sir5000 stormsonsaturn oh dear .
mykitchenrules what is the difference between hot cakes and pancakes mkr .
this does create a slippery slope tho players gonna have to watch they mouth too no for ignorance anymore .
now the bitch tryin to do too gurl sit cho ass down .
the hell out of birds they no longer attack you at long range lower damage don8217t follow you forever .
milk marie dont approve to you ugly hoes .
all i wanna do is go workout then come back home and lay in jerk off kill two birds with one stone .
aint doin nothing but making these hoes look better .
chuck e cheese isnt the same as when i was a kid chuck a skinny bitch amp they took away the ball pit man wtf .
in anglosaxon 7 november is considered the first day of winter day http8230 .
nl queen and reminded i still dont get why is so that people think shes queer .
finicalgal and white lights in his mkr .
i like chilling with your bitch and i like fucking her .
defiantly going to see that new planet of the apes tonight .
niggas need to learn to ride for there homies not for the crew hoes smfh .
are they on something seriously they must be mkr .
foodbibie oreo ice cream cake .
mikediggem when i see a girl wit her nigga i be like bitch bet i can snatch from you but i aint even gone do it .
ash and camilla are favourites of whom exactly mkr .
first day of spring break ate half a pan of brownies amp watched 6 episodes of and rec with amp .
wen u look trash n u .
its so weird outside its like yellow .
when i be that pussy i be calling you my bitch .
taxis dont really know most of those people are dumb .
dear shut the fuck up you crazy bitch .
huntermoore they would make a great baby bird pic bruh .
stop crying you pussy .
call me sexist a misogynist this will never go down well with me your thoughts .
so the book doesnt exist thats a pretty weak .
mkr time have a feeling that the remote may go through the tv over the next hour with these two .
fuel .
michhelleashley who is this we i dont love hoes .
wait i didnt realize i was pointing out the sexism of dwight .
fuck a opp thot well shoot a bitch .
these bitches act local n think global .
slaunchaman interesting tho that it still found most of them .
hate when hoes caption shit who is she lol shit is hella cheesy .
the nicer you are the easier youre hurt so just be a bitch .
caitbit wonderwoman suit by blackmilk .
lanebelgarde gillisseth yeah right queer the only piece of ass youve ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet .
i dont mind gay people but the hey look at me ima faggot kinda gays annoy me bruh just play wit ya booty in peace ion care .
my bitch say im in the dog house fuck you mean .
where the bitches at 1280648221 yeah where they at 1280648221 i dont know they probably at that party 128553 .
steveworks4you friggin red state pussy republican the parent .
i aint trying to fuck bitch i just want wings .
imyungjay yo mama was confused when she had lol these hoes aint got no manners .
i am laughing my ass off at your the original tweet said women shouldnt be allowed to drive for .
wise up pussies real like rand cruz lee etc actually exist fight or go home teaparty .
fuck her right in the pussy i wish this dude was my .
boy a bitch still aint got the proper amount of sleep 1285141285579995128553 .
limbclock if you only want 3 people to use it .
almost half of north american bird species threatened by climate change climate .
i turned on the bet awards for 10 seconds and got to witness random bitches getting drunk and dancing to .
gillisseth went to both because of your bitch ass 128530 .
tmclaughbos and this is why i hate that bot because its a that doesnt have ebooks in its name .
my iphone has 2 million times the of the apollo 11 computer they went to the moon i throw bird .
who said you was mad bitch 128530 come visit me .
some of you bitches are .
hoes dont care how fat they are they all still wear yoga pants and belly shirts .
yeah they do yankees six complete here at the stadium yankees lead the red sox 31 .
cant treat these hoes like ladies man .
kats absolutely delusional if she thinks it was strategic scoring that put them on the bottom of the mkr .
rip 128128 to the dying for attention .
we delivering bitch .
because theyre all fucking two years old acting like i wont mind being bitch i will you .
kat and andre are such assholes gohome mkr .
why deconstruct everything how about learning to cook simple good food first and then stick with that mkr .
you losing and thats what u trying to do stupid yardie .
these bitches aint real 128514 .
kat and andre you fucking arseholes a fucking one thats it im done you are simply evil and not worthy of this show mkr .
shoot that nigga amp his shorty bitch .
i think ill have salad bar for lunch today gotta make up for the birthday brownies somehow .
you dont suck sheri and emilie mkr .
how you look like big bad mama but make fun of a pretty bitch wow where they do that at .
rusty hoe to bumpin 2 me .
emma and jane are actually awkward as heck just be fucking normal human beings im feeling embarrassment for you mkr .
side niggas get pussy and main niggas get arguments .
lilbthebasedgod im a dirty ass nigga with a clean dick fucked a bitch in her ass then she sucked my dick omg lil b we arent ready .
8220viridoesitt i already know you trash if being tatted is on the list of things you want in a top .
tharealist sum hoes be smoking to look cute bitch u better inhale that shit wasting weed .
hungry as nips .
precisely brandnewandrew soon as yall break up is when she starts doing the shit she swore shed never like being a hoe .
150 christians by jihadi muslims while they slept including his wife amp kids .
tarah van threw a bunch of women under the bus so she could get support for her women in tech book .
this movie is actually good cuz its so retarded .
youve been a good as friend to me glad i got your honkie ass lets fuck shit up this year .
im done with bitter bitches its a wrap for that if you a angry bird theres a app for that .
when you make a joke and someone you hate laughs and youre thinking no bitch you arent allowed to laugh .
never eating at ever again ive seen the old man add at least times i just cant mkr burrito .
disgusting mom just bought me a pet nigger 128525 .
how you fucc for cash but u not a hoe and how im going to respect u if your broke .
kudabrazyy who the old bitch8221 hoe .
map of ancient rome which took him almost 20 years after ancient sites amp http .
myersnfl me .
since niggaz is throwing subs on this but that same nigga lame nigga bitches was getting fucked by .
lol some of these are supposedly women jealousy isnt a good look for them .
aw gtgt .
i wonder how many yankee fans are hurt that derek jeter is out until after the all star break lmao 128514 .
kincade00 lmaooooo we cant wash that baby ass honda you got cause that hoe dont cost more than .
dump the guy bring back manu mkr .
dont be a little bitch or ill do this to you .
money weed n bitches hanging wit shit it wasnt my .
pass them sticks bitch .
i really hate a fat bitch cause im love smoking hella when im feeling lonely try 128557128557 .
8220shanea1 a bitch couldnt pay me to get dem pregnant again fam ion see how niccas out here poppin kids out .
hoes really be having built up towards you for no reason like whats your problem bitch fill me in cuz im .
ol dirty foot ass bitches this was too funny to me .
avi lil nigger .
baddest blind bitch .
you only give half a fuck about labor when its a derail bye .
a dyke who wears strap cant brag to me that she beats the pussy better than me because her dildo cant cum and make her stop .
gm is currently but not all of our cars are death notalleverything .
wow this looks perfect .
republicans arent the only racist in america we have racist democrats too but dont play the token negro card .
kids dont put up with your mother calling you a thot she mad because hoe wasnt a cool thing to be called back in her day .
push them through come on mkr .
not feeling so great so havent been on twitter much lately will catch up later lt3 .
you tell me .
the entitlement is so juicy and how could they pick a woman when i am a man and so clearly available .
everybody loves pot brownies but i bring crystal meth cupcakes to a party suddenly im the .
mkr host colin fassnidge in his element at tasteofsydney .
lil spook and yung lean and all night .
msmarrie im so tipsy i just tried to relate hoes to sauce and make it relevant lol .
i love fat bitches thats my fucking problem .
you can buy milk w guys how y8217all bitches gon breast feed wit nipple rings .
svenstweet d meeting niet bij ik mn id .
when hollywood took his shirt off and started screaming in the dark hah like a horror movie with the nips .
god bless the dumb niggas who trust these hoes .
how you unblock bitches on here .
pretty pull up in this bitch like .
that bitch got followers but drive a honda 128563 .
thats not sass on a plate it still starts with s though amp i find things like that in my yard mkr .
someone feels a no isnt a valid that will be emotional .
ollielobb how come when a peasant a hunk of manure at a king its nothing like a king a hunk of manure on a peasant .
this episode is so much fun kat 3 mkr .
since i know youre wondering no cracker barrel is not a place to buy full of crackers .
when you leave your car windows down and it rains in your car and looks like hurricane katrina ran through that bitch .
yall defense too trash for that 128514128514128514 .
which twitter bitch isnt selling .
throw me a blunt bitch .
i was pretty proud of that .
fabbymichelle brianlovesass alright ill meet you there 128076 and im not a fag in fact brian dont give her shit .
only bitches talk shit .
need a way to switch sets of tabs have a bunch of tabs open for a wow im writing that creates for garrison .
0xabad1dea these are museum pieces if you can find ones its rare l fits up to like a size 22 .
still .
do yall remember when twitter took away verified check after chris brown broke up with her lmao stupid bitch .
is it just us or is imacelebrityau turning into mkr meets survivor .
he probably is .
titan21mtzzz you is a hoe .
wanna be michael sam bitch so bad .
macmiller lucky as bitch ft juicy j .
cause youre a damn border bunny you forget already .
is that ya bitch .
camilla is back show us ya mkr .
far right hero and took to twitter on thanksgiving to mock martin a murdered .
all i want is bitches big bitches8221 .
shanley literally after months of attacks there has not been one single criticism or response of my actual work so you know .
she gonna pop that pussy for a real niggaa .
not again mkr .
i wish a bitch would .
i was lit den a bitch last night .
i swear ta god nigga all deses hoes want is a .
justinbieber i was 200 bitch .
teen gets all her holes and even fists her .
thats dessert its one mkr .
shriekapotomos anyone that is getting harassed is welcome to come to me for help its all anonymous .
you trash tho basketball court now .
zzachbarness whiteboicoleman had to help my move bitch .
leelucas alright nah bitch you want play on twitter .
goldnsilvercoin this guys company had best year teabaggers are scum .
i need a girl from jamaica i cant fuck with these basic black bitches .
gingerdemoness den you enjoy da nite wit a colored man we do it again in 2 weeks lets me no if i needs ta bring da .
trentmkays drurbanski .
oh shit im sure now that they know how turned off you are they will immediately stop entitlement .
disneyland or a library wtf mkr .
i swear a nicca sleep but im up tired as fuk .
rapperssaid when kanye said i dont need your pussy bitch im on my own dick .
i aint afraid to cut a bitch or open a or somethin .
jihadis specifically asking for international schools in saudi to be targeted .
you got niggas and i got bitches but i want you pnd .
huntermoore this cunt is still talking holy fuck can you just get breast cancer already .
ive had shots go off where yellow smoke .
infiniteclock most abuse comes from gamergate accounts that are days old .
graphic gt 150 christians by jihadi muslims while they slept including his wife amp kids httptco8230 .
this bitch so ratchet .
ladies lmaooo if your pussy better than your .
nip slip .
mykitchenrules this is it who is going home tonight mkr all of them so boring .
shut up faggot .
nigger lol thts offensive lol and my xmas was had a couple of drinks so i was fine ninja xmas lol .
my score on flappy bird is higher than the score right now .
shaofhappiness omg i need some plz .
where would me life be without god and id probably be living in a trash can .
mkr disneyland really .
japanese mature cat with spots has her old pussy split wide and filled with .
bigboybeezy kanye gt tupac are you serious yep bitch keep it moving .
hah suck shit kat amp andre mkr .
dylanw fwiw wasnt meant as a dig i didnt know this until a few months ago when it was pointed out to me .
why everybody talking about rihanna nudes like she super cold naked just cuz she famous huh that hoe built like a bubble gum .
ladies please start being grown women all these bad bitches gotta grow up .
pwafork the mkr producers wont be so happy about this bit of pete evans .
128557128557128557128557128557128557128557 nope thts not it says here peachdulce im not a hoe im a people person .
pouyalilpou put your tits away you arnt u like 7 isnt it past you bed time fuck off bitch .
your that its not cool when men do it either is a false equivalence those statements have weights .
i was down for a minute them bitches left a nigga them hoes forgot about me like they neva met a nigga .
i just want a girl thatll be a hoe for me thats all .
jefdabest im on my yu shit using linkedin at work b8221 lmfaoo bagging them hoes lol .
i think hes retarded or somethin .
kat and andre are wrong should not be so they get to wrong .
as a girlfriend you gotta accept the fact hoes gone be all up in his face but as a boyfriend he better let them hoes know wassup .
this bitch has his nose pierced 128514128514128514128514128514128514128514128514 .
nayadrikj omfg i am in wait for meeeee .
some are and some are pink some are blue and some are just yellow .
charlie is an ol hatin fool scandal .
lol then they have one more flavor i think its yellow idk but yea there bomb .
men joke about rape its just a joke women have no sense of humor women joke about sex women are too not funny .
shout out to the bitches thinking their boyfriend is loyal because every time you check their phone it says 0 inbox .
hey mykitchenrules heres an idea why not make a rule that the lowest couple score is not included for final score to be .
hyperion5182 politibunny theblockbot shes not on the and i dont run blockbot blocking manually for now .
bitch 128534 .
tylerwilde im just saying its not like you were up against a spider or something bet coulda done it .
tim got cut from every team he was on in the nfl and he already got more hoes than me in smh 128514128514128514128514 .
cant call white trash women white trash like this during htgawm .
128514128514128514128514 these folks so bad im just here to talk trash .
gender boys are bad girls are horrible .
probably not going to be working on that for another few weeks time to switch to running a nonprofit set of tabs .
now im going to have to make a lemon tart next weekend mkr .
knock knock whos there george george who george zimmerman oh george zimmerman welcome to cell block c bitch .
todays socks so perfect .
bad bitch selling molly i might take one .
rob and dave better win this bacon mkr .
you wanna find hoes on here just follow the chicks who reply with heart eyes under sex gifs .
feeling a whole lot of gozleme pain for sherri amp em mkr .
nobody wit me im on all alone shit so dont think im actin funny when im in my zone bitch .
countdown to more companies following suit after seeing the way that was handled .
cannot wait for kat and andre to crash and burn in the challenges mkr .
i dnt let nobody borrow my i let my girlfriend got my sweats lol how u know she runnin otha hoes cant get a sock from me .
i hat that i paint my beard shit just eat some pussy and grow you one dawg quit tryin to it .
pepperredbone yankees mets i miss nyc nashville needs a pro al team the closest is or thats pretty bad the south is nl .
you did not come out with the sass lets just make that clear mkr .
while i can appreciate lawandordersvu this episode just kicked off a new wave of harassment from gamergate time to ride it out .
reathie scared thenna bitch .
this old bitch with floppy tits riding on the elevator with me is so bad .
i need because men carry heavy things that i cannot like shopping boxes and a huge sense of .
ive just realised that annie reminds me of one of the in mkr .
showmeatittie this bitch on maury a thug .
nowplaying great white once bitten twice shy on 1069thearrow httptcor5wuxa9jb6 .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx amateur boy fucking bitch .
the same guy who thinks he can slang around bitch without it being offensive apparently .
g27status them stop being a bitch and do it .
ask the governor how we are supposed to pay for this typical teabagger mentality government is evil until we need them lol morningjoe .
it is a really bad thing that now i know blackmilk fit well and are super really really bad .
yalls are all little punk ass bitches doe .
your just building the pussy up lmao .
i fought 2 little bitch ass 6 yr olds over a month ago for those .
so about this flappy bird game then .
kicking bitches out the house like .
i think so .
girlziplocked ameliagreenhall i have been raging at him for uh 5 months i think ever since women .
awill2reckless lmao omm you see the bitch tryna act like she aint feel it ahaha .
i cant even find the words to describe how much i value the work of all the people ive met during this time how much i love all of them .
tongue inside her pussy or dont bother eating her .
mkr karma kat and andre .
you a hoe if u eat candy corn .
mwlauthor bsdcan has lots of great this year is were more than ever .
there is a dude here wearing a baby strapped to his chest and his beard is so long it appears the baby is marge and i am dying .
lmaoooooooo dumped the shyt outta me fuck wrong with her im perfect like angel pussy .
idntwearcondoms i dont do nothin for no bitch that she wouldnt do for me .
wendydavistexas gregabbotttx a judge that was by obama who here doesnt see the agenda fucking crooked bitch .
i dont make music for niggas that dont get bitches .
know the bitch before you call yourself lovin it niggas prolly been fuckin it .
sweet just found that box of twinkies i bought last year for i bet its at least by now such a buy .
wtf am i watching i hat watching these ugly ass ghetto hoes put there family name to shame .
httptcobpu86qzyft 8211 skinned nubile fingers her .
yankees didnt want russell martin so he signed with the pirates 2 years ago pirates have made .
im tired of bitches saying i look mean 128530 nigga you big af wear tight shirts and everybody .
does drasko really think they cooked half birds and he wants to be a chef mkr .
i think you fuckin wit the wrong niggah .
dril ah i can smell it its just about ready opens the up and out a burnt up cracker my perfect boys .
the boy who shot albino deer .
girl like 19 pics of mine on instagram this morning while i was working when i saw that i thought this bitch need a life .
you ex bitches need to realize .
never seen yo bitch but i bet i could fuck her on the first day .
my apologies my main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple .
i swear that hoe b trying it .
get this bitch out of my house .
no but i do have to mute it when the 90 of tv aimed at straight white males my highly ears .
adamschein great job by the yankees giving brian a new contract the haters are just wrong cc .
but that bitch could care less about benghazi victims .
brownbagpantry if that were the case twitter would probably have about 3 of the current userbase .
im in love with mary jane and dont love these hoes .
nashville atlanta pacdagoat houston has so many trash drivers .
if you still put your pride in front of your feelings then yes bitch your still childish .
this pic is trash is dry af .
welp imma hoe again gladvillian she a hoe if she likes chocolate .
theyre at the on across from palm beach nsw mkr .
i live for brownies .
bitches cant cook but know how to suck dick so to the ones that can do both .
bro dont argue with these rejected ass disney models bitches better go play in some .
scrolling through my tl ol sick ass bitch .
juicygenie only bad bitches in r u amp .
why do bitches put fuck a bio in they bio technically u still wrote a bio .
digging a hole is very its out thats a bitch .
quit it with that you got hoes shit you aint got a got damn witcha ugly ass .
real talk i really aint fully trusted a bitch since instagram and twitter became popular .
rockin rollin to the bitch a fashion killa she be busy poppin .
i feel like this hoe owe me something .
dfkinlopes employees always rolling their eyes when you pay with like bitch you broke af too fuck you giving me .
i just caught this fat bitch slippin taking a selfie .
freebsdgirl standard for is to paint victims as of bullying to authority .
this is no excuse to call me bitch you got caught stop .
versharky fuck no id be gettin swole in there like everyday nigger .
brag bout your hoes you prolly get 0 to no pussy .
happy birthday to my main bitch my ride or die my love you so much rosestokoe .
nothing will stop a hoe from going to the club .
just like stfu bitch .
cheeseplus no pretty graphs easily generated out of redis tho id have to learn r or .
wtf imma do about my legs charlie murphy .
sounded like a bitch but whatever .
hoes not women like to be the center of attention .
white privilege and misogyny cutting through the time for more wine fuckthanksgiving .
and since im my bitch just flew from japan .
could you just play 2 minutes of the charlie brown wah wah wah adult sound effect instead .
quote of last night telling me to find her a curved stick and shell make a to shoot a bird down .
j4cob its on my list havent had time yet .
work is such a bitch right now .
mom why cant u just accept me for the bad bitch i am .
is that with the dessert mkr .
coleycee lol bitch u it have a glass of water bitch u a lil thirsty for the puss thang .
gtgt homecoming in 2 days ltlt u didnt even have a date bitch i just went and say in the corner .
cleveland illinois atlanta washington dc grow the fuck up amp change the .
these hoes aint loyal i would know cause im a hoe but my fans damn sure real .
money over the best pussy .
sadsuspenders im a shark but youre super cute too .
drasko they didnt cook half a bird you idiot mkr .
yankees getting the field ready for todays game .
in my go at walmart selling cupcakes go ahead admit faggot this shit is than butt rape .
or get in lol yankees tigers mlb .
stay beautiful you bitch .
what the shit .
sometimes even i gotta tell these hoes to grow up smh .
i into the lingerie out of spite how dare she throw it in the trash before i get to look at it .
wet pussy is the best pussy .
8220uceina hazel e looks like a bird her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit8221 thats why berg wont ever make her dat bit8230 .
with me bitch .
i ran out of things to put on his head sorry .
real few things worse than forcing a conversation with a dumb bitch .
if they cooked like they would in africa then they wouldve been in mkr ill miss them .
9 of 15 titles mil in revenue its great being in a redneck conference and not in ohio .
excuse me heres your nose i found it in my business hoe .
kat amp andre you only got through tonight because of your scoring why smile means u cant cook u have to cheat sad m .
bad sportsmanship by kat un australian mkr .
ion even ask lightskin bitches for nudes nomo fuck yall 128529 .
shaofhappiness i am so jelly gtgt .
mkr whos the dude wearing a hat to the table grandma would give him a good hit for being so rude .
saying who cares comes from a privileged position may you never experience what a queer person goes through and may 8230 .
your new bitch my old hoe .
bitch .
there are such more important things like things that affect me a white male .
a boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together a guy should never have these hoes laughing at his 8230 .
whiteboicoleman stepping away from the twitter beef im going to bed cause i gotta be up at 5 gotta go be a redneck asshole at my .
128514128514 bitches get stuff done .
1life0continues part of the reason im not actively using it that much is because the weights of each factor are still being decided .
dude your fucking gay you made a twitter just to mock me fucking lowlife .
biggest booth i ever seen lastnight bitch had a leopard print on look like an over weight leopard .
in this world we dont spank the monkey the monkey us .
how you just gon start some mess and try to break up that man home for 20 racks ill kill that hoe for breezy fam .
needing bail money say thats wat she gone do talk a whole alotta shit but swear that bitch gone come through .
charlie crist says has been great ccot tcot teaparty pjnet jjauthor htt8230 .
just got into with some in rallys parking lot bitch through the parking lot and almost hit my niece .
so secure in his faith in patriarchy that he banned me from retweeting his asinine reply .
someone at the building next door is me by having a grill going at i think id cut a bitch for a .
how on earth can you f up couscous the first time you cant beat the of double mkr killerblondes .
so many people this is going to go on forever isnt it mkr .
how bitch how how is this ok .
what a dumb bitch .
i miss you bitch .
im sure you were this outraged about the candidate spiderman etc .
what i hate about edm is the people who bitch about the line up stfu .
bitch so they cant hold a real nigga down fa long bruh ask mama to pay this ticket fa me .
try me bitch boy .
curvables this bitch arguing with my dad .
one more bg before bed selfie warlords .
cant handle kat amp andre on mkr all talk i think ill just follow along on social media until they crash and burn like all crack .
oooo almost forgot need to to cfp for .
i guess i just come off as a bitch to people 128529 .
in other news your bitch cook for me .
the shit you hear about me might be true or it might be faker than the bitch who told it to ya .
desserts looking delicious ladies mkr .
lilduval people need to mind they business bitch this the internet stop posting shit then .
kfromtheg mexican bitches shaped like silly .
oh yeah i didnt hear about that .
that bitch got 5 million boyfriends .
women only play game like kim k game amp anger bird they dont play real games like male power fantasy 2 or .
bucks says a cunt thinks i say totes on the reg and bc i said cheerleader .
my boy is obviously gonna be slaying all the pussy tonight dressed as a ninja turtle .
stanford vivek wadhwa offers a fresh perspective on diversity in the next stanfordmed lecture .
oh my phone is some trash but you knew that .
but then who is going to host the baddest bitch competition .
clicquotsuave nigg complaining about a and bitches half naked .
im not the type of guy to bitch about how hot it is but its about to be 11 and im still .
8220tamm voiceofdstreetz cuz you a hoe lol8221 cuz you went on your lil rant on me man .
bitch look like she gon blow away fr .
im reading about it now .
mykitchenrules where is the location of tonights mkr .
killallsimps bitches see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together and caption it goals bitch all they doing is .
mykitchenrules am i the only one out there hoping these two fail hard p mkr .
so yeah tronkitty is the fucking best and i would really hate living if i didnt know her my bad bitch .
if you open a cold beer and it becomes warm before you finish it youre a bitch .
met a bad bitch from chicago my hat wasnt yo .
snipeyhead gt .
before the with my single bitches 128527 .
i am exhausted puppy is not over it has just begun .
flappy birds extreme now you can play two birds at once hardcore easier with two people lol f8230 .
fieldsdevante whiteangelss84 now lets get onto you you dingy ugly lookin bitch i will not waist my time .
thanks charlie charlie4927 revkahjc stacydmomof5 pattism74 cantucimblonde kacado .
these hoes are plot twist .
like bitch that aint even attractive smh .
mook gon 30 but this battle is bad .
wtf 3 days amp 3 nights if i go another day all i know is im going ape shit .
nigga paybacks a bitch and bitch you been livin in with me .
your the one keeping me up faggot .
i cant believe people are still surprised that annie and lloyd cant cook mkr .
what is that monkey doing to those poor bottles .
jhamby this guy is comedy gold freebsdgirl and popehat is encouraging him wtf smh .
bitches 27 minutes before i caught a .
rand paul mocks with pics with failed httpt8230 .
why give a bitch ya heart when she rather have a purse .
bey lost her ring at the met jay found it amp instead of just giving it back he gave it to her as a mock http8230 .
theses niggas hoes and these bitches greedy .
what in the fuck is a promo model anyway mkr .
just got a new fish its albino and i named him bahaha .
i hate this shit like why yall bitches think thats cute clothing violation .
either way both schools are trash 128521 .
wow really digging deep there ask yourself why always not sexist but i prefer to read books by men .
yeah shes a real pom .
left my last bitch along aint no need for stressing 128564 .
what mad cunt created that dude needs a high 5 .
i actually think the instant restaurants are the best part of the series mkr .
praise lord for this season of beanies that is upon us .
8220beautifulkeezy you ignoring me bitch but you better text me back cause im serious u .
dick making bitches tap out since 1999 .
kat and andre are behaving in such a spiteful vindictive manner who do they think they are mkr contestants .
is irrelevant you grew up in a sexist society you are not to its .
id rather have a flat bitch then a bitch who .
still confused why king ordered two tranny hookers to the party last night .
a homeless dog living in a trash pile gets rescued and then does something amazing please share via youtube .
ion eat cat what you gay for then .
there you go acting like a hoe 128530 .
ashleylynch joinoapi theres very little in that i am free to discuss at this point but i can give some .
mi was just on his bed and just busted into his room and was like you gettin a song bitch .
whos baby is dat whos da man dat did dat 2 u gators bitches best be using jimmys .
do i have time for these hoes no no no no no no no no no 8230 .
i know some ratchet bitches and they rep the north side .
my dads friend was telling my dad and i about how he got some good pussy last night and how she was a good lay it was a real .
8220100d 90 of niggas goofy and act like bitches8221 you aint lyin .
bitch how .
flappy bird is taking over my life i can hear the bird every time something goes wrong .
i love a bad bitch with a attitude idk why but a cutie thats a savage is sexy as fuck .
thats crap lynn and tony should have stayed mkr .
come home from work to twinkies and a bottle of wine .
u got my bitch to antonio .
if you suppose to be a man don8217t be a bitch .
im not much of a texted get off my hoe .
have a feeling the girls will stay just mkr .
so i already dont fuck with dude but i be nice and im him but this bitch crossed a of motherfucking all .
thirsty basic ass bitch .
just because some a at you you think youre some king .
amp mcdonalds yall bitches needa start delivering .
im trying to take the word bitch outta my vocabulary hardest shit ever .
9733 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope top rated spa 97337186220221 24 .
girlthatsvonte no it ainn bitch .
its summer bitches .
theyre not playing charlie soft dont run up the score mentality theyre playing this guy .
a nigga will say the worst about a bitch and shell still feel as long as he would fuck her .
i need pajama pants that dont look like pajama pants going out to lunch in super bros pants haters gonna hate .
sschinke tehmaxh it sets a bad .
we need to talk about this being official sjw uniform .
if my man aint me this pussy definitely is gonna end up in another nigga mouth you 8230 .
lmao i look like some 80s retard today .
all them model hoes follow a then hit the imma only follow 25 people wave .
hooray mkr just got exciting again lol .
buddy drug the whole train lmao good extra ass hoes8221 hate them ny too .
slbgngeddie whitethunduh bitch spoil me .
he prolly gone laugh n say this bitch crazy 128514128514 .
dont be a pussy just talk to her more and be more of a friend so it doesnt seem as hard .
maxwelltolvo yeah this probably isnt a good public conversation to have i just stay away from her .
yankees and we all fell asleep frizzle18 .
collegefession shut up bitch everyones perfect the way they are .
glad i could help and im so sorry that youre going through that .
fight me bitch .
a bitch cant resist a with a fresh cut shit i can hardly resist myself when j get one 128514 .
kiefferjason pussy nigga its the same term .
obeyjrock this is a true ride or die bitch 128175 .
word up doe gm shik702 good a bitches .
i havent had cable at my crib in a year i dont give a damn bout a tv show like hoes n hip hop .
hey you acting like a on twitter we think youre fucking weird you prude bitch .
the easiest way to have sex with a chick is to smell good make her laugh take her to get food and then fuck her right in the pussy .
ayy might as well get fat hoes dont even like abs nomo they like .
then qampa for both of us keynote speakers got to show harassment happening live both of us talked about diff of harassment .
spanish class the rest of this week fuck dat bitch .
dont get yo bitch ass killed in new atlanta baby .
im start askin dese hoe niggas if they got sand in they pussy .
bitch im vic .
even shorter charlie sheen your move .
money can get you good weed but not always the best of pussy sorry my friend guess .
you know how in superhero stories the best insult for dumb can come up with is .
so i just basically started mkr why are they serving chicken livers vomit .
yup just got it .
shaved pussy ho gets serious anal .
men are oppressive toxic beings fact women are awful drivers notsexist fact .
imthirst a faggot im glad your chipped him .
yes yes yes thats all you gone hear never met a hoe yet that a tell me no .
hey why dont u get involved in black on black cause hate whitey b honest now mikebrown .
no really really cant win this competition mkr .
i hate when i see a thick bitch on instagram then she show up looking like a teddy graham .
i listen to based god one time now im based no bitch stfu your like 13 stay outa the based game .
that looks horrible mkr .
im trying to pass my nigguh .
pretty adjective 1 attractive in a way without being truly pretty little girl with an grin um no mkr .
whos out mkr .
jihadi propaganda had countries publish pics of their 2 anger from itself amp .
well i for damn sure aint putting on no pussy ass romo jersey .
ortizjaylene im a tall big booty bitch wtf lol .
u of a hoes w the hangin out .
popehat i can never tell anymore .
hits blunt this hoe thought she was so .
thatsabinegirl melectable and then she kept sending all these weird threats my way like witch of the west style .
hey blizzard folks im obviously not looking to be but ill be dropping by your party tonight see you there .
yay i like when jacob has colored .
thejadednyer nope btw yous a hoe lol .
can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah .
jennahnorberg ehh it was tough but yeah lol jk of course niglet .
dont try nd play me ill hoe u harder 128514128076 .
lol so retarded .
girlziplocked onthemedia tldr freebsdgirl ameliagreenhall i hope the whole episode is explaining how wadhwa used his male .
look at what you just said lls new era girl bye kill bitches w ampamp cousin .
oh my god i can not handle one more ep of kat and andre they are cooking my nut big time mkr .
rickyngan yall hoes aint slick .
drive by france president fails to understand that hes jihadis by the internet fail .
so my light was off amp door was closed mom walks in turn lights on tells me to take trash out in the morning then walked out light on .
thank you mint happy birthday too hoe .
you go back and forth with a girl youre a bitch you let her disrespect youre a bitch lol .
thereal2raw he actually good lol dont hoe him but i mean thats some road to glory shit to northern illinois amp .
woohdakidd74 8220shanea1 im steady bout these suppose to be street niccas gettin n dey ass smh gay sad 8230 .
im sick of bitches bitching about other bitches 128530 .
the trash wheel has a twitter and eyes .
yankees congratulations ichiro that base hit in the 8th is hit no in his mlb career .
perezhilton girls dont even dj is possibly the most asinine thing ive read today and im on twitter .
you niggas that would rather your girl wear jeans and js instead of a tight dress and heels are faggots .
i feel like if i were on mkr and had the first two id just serve jello shots for dessert .
8220iank12 me you dont even lift pussy .
i lost it you think youre too good for me you paper bitch and i fell on the bed and i fell off the bed and i slept on the floor .
coil780 freebsdgirl which is what gg doesnt get either not even about them its about harassment they jst insist its not .
early morning dawn bird kansas city .
gold ass bitch lol .
top tip of the day if you want to be at an elbow gig dont wear a yellow jacket .
someone freshman year biology .
these hoes is crazy .
bitch get off twitter and text me back i love u .
don07052 had da bitches rockin in da club wit my boy connor .
can we bomb the out of my timeline .
lol i make hoes madd nofakingg .
theres a woman who comes by on the weekends and screams and all our hispanic employees go running for the back door .
arnajane they say sass one more time ill throw the remote through the tv mkr .
its pretty hard to take seriously as a judge when you know about his paleo nonsense he hates real food mkr .
kat and andre must be pretty fucking shit cooks if you need to vote a team 1 mkr2015 mkr .
shainarakia only great thing these bitches can offer 128514128514128514 .
sbsylvester kiefferjason nigga stfu u not funny we all laughing at yo retarded ass just stfu .
fight that shit say youre on free lunch and they must have the game fucked up cause youre colored like the rest of them .
neva been a bitch nigga you dont want them problems bro .
girlziplocked jason you have no idea what crazy internet mob looks like until youve seen what femfreq freebsdgirl and .
people gotta bitch about something .
dfkinlopes lmfaooo this bitch tongue longer than some niggas dicks .
omg do you even plate mkr .
drop dead gorgeous a bitch aint dying for a nigga .
i head a bitch in the club lmao she tried to play it off bitch i know your head hurts .
flexing sitting pretty makes bitches mad much .
i cannot express how better the book is to this trash .
make sure her titties out bouta take a pic of her laying on me like the side bitches do .
you took our land so you could make each other retarded in diapers our redskins nfl jokes .
looks like cracker von is at it again .
rob ditch your hat mkr .
amp fuck your bitch .
water whippin bitch that bobby .
oh kat amp andr when will you learn that you shouldnt go off and acting smug like you do biggest idiots this year mkr .
phoenixdk yeah i need to start looking at finding a oh wait i cant drop that news yet p .
dear inconsiderate ghetto fuck on the train across from me ya know your phone has options other than speaker phone right .
oomf so fuckin fine tho 128553 dam her dont be no bitch .
charliejarls i make about the same as minimum wage .
having one is stressful having a lot of bitches seem stressful .
heissarcastic facebook needs these 3 buttons dislike who cares are you retarded .
star trek was one of the only tv shows i could watch when i was a kid .
when he hears blue haired bitch gamergate and freebsdgirl oh dear .
this is art nobody takin his bitch .
garbage rappers cant learn its like teaching advanced algebra to a retard .
an end to the of women and faggots whose only aim is to and split our .
on the most in the wh amp harry is his bitch .
seriously if youre living at someones place for free the least you could do is help keep it clean ratchet lazy hoe .
i dont own any onslaught on vinyl i may have to get one now their new is available in army green coloured vinyl .
random hoe so i .
shoot out wit yo niccas you da type to throw da pistol 128588 .
edgarguillenjr joclark6 daltonryann blakeanderson21 justinmiculka01 you a bitch .
i love amazon basics for accessories but why does the power brick for this usb have to be so big .
showmeatittie lmao bruh blazethegreat let me find a shooting star so i could wish a bitch would .
katandandre are just evil mkr .
kat and andre do not deserve to be in the competition dogs mkr .
pull up on a nicca bored .
pm is u use any of the words i use ex were dating .
making homemade pickles and working on a funny tweet about pussy i am going to make a great old lady .
silvermillsy manamifox femfreq born a didnt turn blonde until i was 10 .
ishmallymal no song ive heard was good is what i mean by hes trash .
im the gym looking at bitches booty creeping 999665039 .
man is a bitch .
waiting for brownies i want brownies someone hooks it up .
are these hoes o1228812288122881228812288o1228812288122881228812288 o1228812288122881228812288o12288122881228812288 12290122881228812288 .
gone bust it open for a real nicca .
yungmigo shanea1 can you imagine tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm and still comin up .
yankees over yankees win yanks beat the white sox in 10 innings 43 .
its a quote from a glee commercial .
my pussy is totes when she jumps on my bed with stuck to cat is fucking annoying when she does it .
turns out his called him a pussy he a week and a day you can call me anything just dont touch but i am not 25 anymore .
all talk bye bitch .
every girl got a wcw and fake gay til its time to eat sum pussy but im not me 128523 lol .
i had a until we made the announcement then all the feels in the past few days have me wanting to cry all the time good tears .
jimnorton the only thing more irritating than donald sterling being a cunt is adam silver continually apologizing for him .
des popcorn hoes be in da way all the time mannn .
icbcworld214 that hoe out now .
kiefferjason u want me to panda express so someone can break up the like fuck stick to plan and go to plano get that bitch out your blood .
we gonna get turnt for mkr rest easy gone but never forgotten .
tells me to watch my fingers every time i shut the car door even if im driving and shes the one shutting the door .
yourself around me kiss the bruises on your your taste the raw wild ho8230 .
up on my old hoes .
you can buy my fucking life and youve never even broken a sweat stop crying bitch .
dc is terrible marvel forever .
ive read many of them but it doesnt make it easier for me .
are coles marketing paleo sugar yet mkr .
mmmm mkr getting v boring lisamromano garydlum switching to simpsons double ep on 11 now mmmm .
whoever called it the lowest common and not stupid pussy number was probably more mature than me and .
its kind of funny when people tell me they havent seen me in years and where have i been like at home bitch .
i thought youd get the hint that we know youre a fake cunt and delete your fake account .
capt list of what she is ever mkr .
i see your and i raise you a .
rugbysocklad fit lads nice gear these scally lads n trainers would get it .
niggas stay with over some hoe shit .
another home visits round im literally fucking done mkr .
wow such banana so much yellow .
yeah when you see him son of a bitch me money tell him i been looking for him .
my taste in music goes from love song to pop that pussy bitch in like 5 seconds .
they get attitudes like bitches too i think some of yall niggas need a bra and panties .
the returns mkr .
girlthatsvonte yall bitches wit no edges be doing the most talking .
bitch .
bigshaadswerver yu take this money we gon throw a party on that pussy .
kentucky fried to da white folk no colored menu .
al now niggas cant hit u bitches line and ask what u doin nomo .
i really love it when a celebrity tweets or messages me makes my day got a shoutout from helena from last years mkr on insta today .
bros before hos and there i was with my bros without any hos .
yet you wont tag anthonycumia what a what a loser .
wadhwa i cant believe my page is under attack again dont they have policies against all this .
officials jihadi cockroaches now booking tickets on cruise to syria .
you know thats an interesting idea maybe i should get some promoted tweets for ggautoblocker .
peter pan that ho never land that ho .
i realized its the one on links too so you killed two birds with one stone unless youre getting the wind fish too .
heydenbunsyolo jordan536633 birdlovin yea native and black proud then a bitch .
what makes you lose your temper 8212 dumb ass bitches who talk shit but wont walk a mil in you own shoes .
bitch you aint getting none tho 128514 i like big butts so i can grab .
drake needs to make up his mind be a rapper or a bitch haha .
cannot wait for colins opinion of this dessert fourinhand mykitchenrules mkr promogirls .
kat and andre are such assholes omg mkr .
tbt i tried on outfit for the freshman cover at that shoot high as fuck off weed .
damn bitches on a niggas mind haha .
hate when he fights being a big pussy all the time .
cant have a bitch with no future or goals i love kids but if youre not a parent first i cant deal with you .
chase really got hoes in every state its crazy his name the truth .
niggah follow me back 128529 .
mkr look at kat and andre theyre hoping that dessert is a boil .
i appreciate all of the emails regarding the domain info but rest this was .
theironsheik my tbt i learn the english from that big bird but i break his fucking neck .
my aunt said im handsome fuck you hoes .
craziestsex she killed that bitch .
fucking lol crime against cooking mkr mkr2015 .
got another niggas bitch in my bed right now .
people who are never happy and 100 of the time .
saw three grown men on a amp that bitch was barely moving lmao what the hell .
not sure about a stream but ill have at the very least a vine of zoe making the announcement and ill be .
i can be very dont be a cunt .
she was the principle for a ghetto elementary school i doubt it but fingers .
also just because you suck dick doesnt mean you have to act like a faggot .
my tweets trash8221 .
omfg on the local news they are now arguing about thedress .
ya bitch basic if she trippin off your social networks profiles .
gag stopwadhwa2015 .
awwww lt3 .
gotta bad red bone that look something like .
niggas talk more than bitches these days .
of to present the first yellow jersey .
this is just ridiculous mkr another 7 ffs .
cousins looking for bitches i hope theonlyreed the fuck is this .
lmao twitter little bitch ass site i need to start using this hoe more .
cry bitch .
follow a nicca on ig imyungjay .
mykitchenrules kat is a bully she should be she cant a mkr .
i dont kick it with fuck nights and bitches .
some hoe she aint .
niggas cheat on the most loyal most beautiful women with fucking trash .
down yes bitch .
an ugly bitch whos loud af .
yaaas bitch u so hot bitch yaaas whereyohussleat .
curvables teachers always homework like we dont have no life bitch i gotta go home and tweet .
look at you lying ass bitches couldnt finish school stripping on ya mind ass bitches .
da coloreds and da white folk gets along we all be da same da colored men gots da dicks .
thequinnspiracy i am so fucking excited are you excited .
its unattractive when girls act ghetto .
real tears 128514128514 128557128557128557128557 theonlyreed both these outfits trash but the dyke outfit got me http8230 .
o just so awesome of mkr to play it .
whered you get the beauty tough guy eating pussy .
nooooo i missed the critique on the entree missed main now were onto dessert mkr .
this tall goofy bitch just walked in the club sit your britney lookin ass down .
this art shit lives forever bitch keep the change .
not a cloud in sight too pretty to ho to work .
horse bitch .
nohoesnextdoor mimi so proud to be a hoe .
anybody want to take me to pollo .
for defeating to take out worlds trash h8230 .
nyc media last week lol look at the peckerwoods freaking media now bring out your dead .
chlldhoodruiner bitch ass nigga square up 128514128514 .
didnt know had bitches .
when you aint had pussy in a hot minute .
this nigga 80sbaby4life gotta weird gay shoe im sick of yall letting this island nigger slide .
random thought if a bird crossing the path of a try were by ball causing it to off course or miss .
hating on me then bitch whats good .
could you please from being a dumb bitch .
last time i wore the shirt im wearing today i fought a bitch on no ratchet bs but she the fuck outta this shirt .
but bitches be mad than a mf when they dont know what im doing amp how i getting it 128175 .
nowplaying ian hunter once bitten twice shy on 1069thearrow httptcor5wuxa9jb6 .
fuck it hoes will be hoes .
thequinnspiracy hey can you poke the organizer i was thinking about streaming this maybe twitch .
1st game of fall finna kill some hoes .
nicki mad as fuck tho however credit due to cassidy for the response he didnt diss nicki but killed you lookin ass bitches .
naw im just playin i only fucked with bad bitches .
gentlermouse we can talk about computers later if it will make you feel better .
like so fine she can have all my hoes imma make my husband by her a .
when you listening to a bitch complaining about a nigga that ain8217t even hers .
beanies cumming real soon .
souljaboy kmichelle beef bitch ur pussy smell like beef .
thing that made me feel old today tori amos is 50 .
beanies for life .
yo bitch givin me head while i watch good burger .
ol heads always think a young nicca gon wit they .
congrats to kim k this a great day for hoes .
white people always gave yellow ass teeth .
whats wrong mommy limit your xbox time again .
oh dear god this room mkr .
the of the problem can discourage people from trying to fight it often this leads to thinking what can i do im just one person .
mkr lmao i think they will be with this one .
michellewestt birds of a feather .
sick of bitches bitching about other bitches .
i aint finna sleep bitch its 8 oclock when you finish meet me at the top .
dead af stupid bitches still talking shit 128514 .
i like it when you call me i like when bad bitches honey on my body its not even the 90s .
i really cant stand while people slander shit 90 trash .
sheswantsthed if you take your girl back after she cheats on you youre a little bitch .
i really hope the bottom two are kat amp andre and annie amp lloyd mkr .
oh you mean like competitive lipstick application shopping the world series of batting .
talkin bout the next bitch but you aint bout shit .
its pretty sad how committed sexists are to their own denial .
happy birthday fag boy .
niggas is pure if you got a problem with ya mans address that shit discuss it amp squash it only bitches hold .
the new nature area indian former zoo is expected to attract a of birds http8230 .
for the first time in my months of monitoring this a man all the in targeted gamergate harassment congrats .
them aint the bitches im talkin bout aint no jungle fever over there lol .
quote this with a funny caption niggas gotta hit their side bitch with this in th8230 .
ironic sexism is still sexism it negative by repeating them just one more time for the popular .
kat and andre staying is possibly the worst thing to happen on the show ever mkr .
i hate you hoes yall got so much courage 128553128514 .
im on my way love a sexy scally fucker .
somewhere between i need therapy and bitch im fine .
maycie32 whitecholo23 np big nig nig .
when that message say delivered but you see him posting sc with all his .
you got all the bitches though .
sniff up scally lad fuck yeah .
a nigga could tell you he aint fucking with her but really do be thats why you gotta ask most of the time a bitch wont lie about that .
keitholbermann you mean like the yankees did this year when they a farewell tour over a playoff run .
the only info ive got is the kotaku article i just rted .
preparing to be called a nigger all night i mean play cod all night .
im going to the movies this weekend by myself no bffl no bitch no nigga just me solo .
and stop covering yo goddamn face like the kkk yo yung silly ass co signing for pussy .
told my bitch i dont wanna eat im money hungry .
jergucci my luck the bitch gonna drug me an i wont even kno what happened lmao .
if a cute bitch fucks with a lame nigga she automatically becomes 10 times less attractive in my eyes .
friendlyassh0le bitches with no tits or ass dont even get a hug from me youre one of the boys now you get a .
got a lil bitch from the .
ooh girl cute face but yellow lol .
obama is a bitch his speech was pure politics for mid terms only way we destroy isis is with troops on the ground .
got life flight to and they are saving him dont mess with the birds respect .
if twitter safety wants more details they should ask for it in the interface when i file the report not 30 seconds later in an email .
fuck that new bitch that you think you found .
no i just making a general statement ive never called u a bitch .
ill be a yankee fan forever .
if yall bitches ever arguing like this at a party and dont do nothing yall getting hit with a bottle fr .
thenudesgod when my girl dont text me back i just tweet i dont text other bitches bc i dont want her texting other niggas when i d8230 .
why give a bitch an inch when she rather have 9 128520 .
ozlito dis bitch wanna smoke all our weed .
jesus that looks ugly .
we were making those brownies at 4 am tired as a bitch under the circumstances theyre pretty good .
sschinke tsundererager programs whatever its not clearly written .
glad i aint got no bird legs 128514 .
lol fuck these lil bitches aint shit to peep 128526 wassup w you tho .
kiefferjason sbsylvester bitch what where yall be at come to town east mall u and your bitch fuck boys .
and thats not youre .
you have the upside down in the ice cream machine mkr .
ho no without ur vote we lost the election is taking as pm today .
my momma told me to tell you to mind yoooo damn motha fuckin business you 22 not knowin what it is bitch .
lsu got a lot of thirsty nasty hoes football team stay running thru yall meal ticket wanting hoes lol .
why dont you text your own mom dumb bitch .
i see ya big boi in the oreo vs .
come on qld mkr2015 mkr .
oreos and milk .
im use to these hoes dont play .
when you deep in the pussy 128514 .
but when its the same other states france england they dont get to bitch when its their .
did everyone elses parents use to refer to the power puff girls as powder puff girls or were mine just retarded .
did he say the cuts or cunts .
which is fine i guess but she went out of her way to talk to wadhwa interesting no .
listen to the latest episode its all explained .
im more excited about boosie getting out than valentines get vday pussy allstar pussy and .
if i were to die and be as an animal id be a monkey .
money aint a thang bitch thats a lie it only controls every bitch thats alive .
my boy said this last night ill be in the gym bc i refuse to be sloppy like these bad built bitches lol .
meanwhile back in the english boyz tent mkr .
mrjsmart24 twitter was when niggas used to go in on trending its just tweets and hoes screaming they want .
bitch im is not bout to get no damn flu care if it is free .
not what i said i want a dj to mix the track regardless for their own use the video gon be dumb retarded with the reg .
average is basic and basic is trash 128514128514 .
another round of instant it mkr .
purpose of this group is to share the types of abuse seen talk about how to deal with it and diff policy that are needed .
nah gurl this pussy private 128581 .
young girls on of political in favor paki gangs .
she sent me one back but i aint even read it cause pussys only pussy and i get it when i need it .
what time start thursday so i ca smile for the ugly hoes .
im sorry i use to be on that shit but im not worried about the next bitch .
mkr night all enjoy .
behavior tells them for me .
pointed freebsd devs at this thread their response now discussing if they have hipster beards used as an example .
shock horror mkr .
creepgawddess uhh bitch dont tell him bless you when he he got all the he need with me .
i just watched lawandordersvu it was corny early in the ep but then jesus .
crystal in a bitch face was larry funniest moment in my book sue me for having a sense of humor .
one more from yankees wouldnt be letting sit in minor because theyre all about w8230 .
you little stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin with you .
jurijuri freebsdgirl its like total recall but with only two breasts maybe .
i need i heard were trying to write a book called to mock a .
sfthewolf a bit of both perhaps def yes on the cover maybe on the content .
round 3 on you hoes .
for lots of great check out memories and more with yankee rose today from 100 pm to 400 pm eastern httpt8230 .
2nite pure passion doors open 10 but we watching the game in that bitch .
chicken spaghetti trash .
great lead battle and then ricky hits for a yellow oh boy nascar .
man im tryin to take my to charlie sheen levels today and im going to do just that .
roguest4r freebsdgirl ethelmonster dont feed the trolls rogue enough time to will be had when they rage  .
i only wear weave because i like it a bitch got hair .
its nikkis hot pot but she has katie make the sausages mkr .
i wouldnt bring my girl around nobody but leo he the only niggah i know that wouldnt mess with any of the .
thought it was odd that stopwadhwa2015 an event then i read the guys tweets .
krysemlyn it was lovely meeting you too .
dm me your number hoe .
lenletaylor by all means lets fight racism by advocating violence against women you know you can criticize without right .
128525 now this hoe bad .
b0ssladyre go to sleep bitch .
yall lonely ass bitches sure do give out a lot of relationship advice .
pete and manu like it stfu kat you are gross mkr mykitchenrules .
bitch lol .
is the bitch in the new hot .
woof woof hot scally lad .
bitch dont talk at me like that bro .
and im steady tellin dis bitch gtfo my face .
1stblocjeremiah 1st block bitch wassup .
i read a black man tweet hot sauce is trash amp watermelon is overrated i cant deal .
onebrightlight they made mistakes in the past i hope theyve learned but the way they treated the gg situation has been .
ppl talk bad about the but as a kid growing up a nigga had .
truth4ever87 smcadman itsmenanice yeah not good to go assuming all abuse happens around gg thats just not the case .
youre such a bitch .
look at this bitch feet how is she high fashion cuh .
hbcufessions i guess my trash because none of them got posted famu .
i hate when girls say im single but my heart is taken bitch that nigga dont love you move on .
i hate people who waste their time player names as some ridic standard for cancer still .
macktology101 every girl goes thru her hoe phase her freshman year in college .
i bitch can tell that im addicted to pussy she lookin pass it .
love you more than those bitches before say youll remember baby say youll remember i will love you until the end of time .
spacekatgal what did they do .
i wish annie would stand up and punch kat in the face mkr .
i have to pretend like im a cold hearted bitch and cut you off in an instant without a second thought when actually i8230 .
these outside challenges tend to separate the genuine competition from the rest of the teams mkr .
piss off kat mkr .
swiftonsecurity this is how you get a follow .
should be going to free birds anyways .
if that is your daughter in your profile photo i absolutely pity her .
better text a bitch lol .
okay mykitchenrules you have played with us enough now get rid of all the useless fucks amp get a real cooking comp .
it was the address to her job so the jokes on you bitch ha .
you wanna know some crazy shit without the sunshine you could find a shady bitch .
you see her nudes she must have beat her own pussy up salute .
mkr view here .
when youre stupid you dont know it life is so easy have you ever seen a depressed retard i envy that .
dont love these hoes dont lean on bitches .
is a pussy .
when her pussy doesnt taste like pineapples .
fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass 128514128514 cause she nasty .
ideas about an issue to your ho more for libra .
lol whatever were fags .
hank cheated with a tranny and just got a shoutout .
charlie crist hated and for shaking the presidents hand what a country what a .
n dat bitch sound like a man if dats ya grandma fucc yu too .
niggas fight in the nba and theyre called ghetto amp dont know how to act but theres a in nascar and nobody sa8230 .
if your wardrobe consist of mostly leggings yous a hoe8221 guilty .
cream potatoes deer steak and pinto beans and cornbread n bread pudding .
theres nothing sassy about a hot pot mkr .
i think all dem hoes on lahhh regular .
you say your pimp says out .
if you says barackobama looks monkey who belongs in an african zoo rofl .
youre not fucking relevant you get followers from follow trains and then unfollow people because youre a faggot .
bitch shut up and hand me some of those flowers you selling the light is about to change .
shades of eric past gold yankees oakland .
thequinnspiracy who knows who cares just more bullshit they are passing around i dont pay their claims any attention .
my dad is such a bitch .
for about the last hour of getting my stomach tattooed i felt like i was going to puke god pussy .
i aint never had a prob with no other bitch over a nigga if thts yo nigga cool im older enough too go find me another 128527 .
we dont love these hoes ilovebamf 128076 .
buckm00se all i remember was the fat bitch stealing the kfc bucket amp ass .
at some point in the future we will be allowing to contribute .
jihadi john via mailonline .
calm down my boobs amp ill it your dick off amp it to your forehead since you wanna be a8230 .
so i guess its really happened the mkr competition is running for .
a bird just flew into my hotel room id rather get by 10 for 2 days straight than experience that .
how would i look if i had feathers instead of would i be able to eat from a bird feeder without getting judging .
get no pussy hes jus being a fag .
high then a hoe with bitch ass benny .
im gonna be jacking off to these bitches all day today .
fine ill settle for an oreo .
faggot time he the block for 3 hours .
fuck bitches get money .
miilkkk bitches came over yeah we threw a party .
sydneyeditor1 lynn i would have scored them a 2 mkr .
this bitch just blew my high 128564 and i was high off all of these drugs .
a nicca got some crazy head last night .
stop being so polite what the fuck is that shit youre serving us mkr .
pic so confusing looks like a dyke but has a hoe .
foreign chick no lie man that bitch beautiful .
nikki does not look happy with the groups score mkr .
fuck you we have yall faggots next 80sbaby4life .
some douche cubs redneck cubs fan out asking if bites no you bloody hes like the8230 .
coles coles mkr .
so am i the only cracker up playing his guitar thank you on this saturday night .
i was smoking a blunt outside and these nasty country bitches jumped into the lake naked 128514128514128514 that lake is nasty as fuck 128567 .
are you in london this evening well member tony moor will be outside train station from 8230 .
1017sqquad man i just went from 0 100 real quick i aint no hoe the fuck niggas thought this was 128530 .
mkr photo of .
u know u watch too much gay porn when u refer to boy butts as man ass or boy pussy bc me in my head 247 .
rule number one never a bitch from da ova side .
resisting the urge to smack a bitch .
i feel like a bitch that just got her a day before her wedding .
i hope kat and andre are eliminated next mkr ill make it happen .
why would i pay sex when i can pussy that makes no at all .
downloaded flappy bird 5 minutes ago its already deleted .
take him back .
so i figure out why ive been a bitch lately .
for the insecure girl ya name i wont mention on instagram straight bitch you nipple slip away from stripping .
haha not you just getting shit from everyone else when my second favorite team is the .
ill slap a hoe .
mkr i wonder when these chicks will get their adult teeth .
but yall make the mutual decision to have sex on the first date but shes trash what kind of math .
two hoes yall know what we are 128514128514 .
so if a girl gets drunk and does some hoe rape now .
bitches ah have a baby amp be like dont claim my child bitch you good amp goddamn well aint nobody claiming your .
lmao shorty twitter name is pussy 2 im dead .
maple bacon way to ride the american food trend mkr .
vs in san fran or eli vs redskins in dc .
haha im shocked got more yellow cards this time .
thanks to you now people are attacking me on twitter uh well actually we hated what you were doing before npr this episode .
sheswantsthed lmao how niggas be with the side hoe .
naw bryan said it was trash hotel so were staying somewhere else .
dont care got my everywhere im a bitch im a champ im totally full of8230 .
run it up first these hoes come .
if a photographer doesnt have a back story on how he started he did it for pussy .
why bitches gotta be bitches .
id kill a bitch to be able to cuddle right now ugh sucker for the stupid shit i swear .
someone bitch slap me into the lake if you see me on fb tomorrow i suspect my hard core gop friends will be all over this .
this bitch at the gas station offered me head for 20 .
yung nation riot still bump that hoe .
i basically live inside the .
i actually get on with and think shes really nice bit youre so two faced and bitch about her all the time nasty .
this guy wears the yellow rick james on his face .
fuck her right in the pussy .
we all know a faggot named luke .
do you think for each of these cook they get help from anyone with their choice of dish they will cook mykitchenrules mkr2015 mkr .
we hope those are worth the wait girls mkr hungrycampers .
yesyouresexist btw i couldnt track the source of this but the original said ive made a robot that screams and it .
when you have everything they want amp youre doing everything they cant bitches are going to talk shit dont let them stop your shine .
why is baltimore so damn ghetto 128514 .
i let all of em peachpapayya if u got two hoes u need to let one go .
pow how u like me now shouts out 2 my bro dre hogg style ent fool 4 dis 1 .
how about i just fuck you right in the pussy .
i agree with you sherri and emilie not serving anything yet oh dear lord i dont need this stress in my life mkr .
i know another chick i will never shoot again this one under heartless cunt .
deathofrats01 looking at your .
peerworker freebsdgirl the threats are either serious or they arent i guess you dont view gamergate as emotional terrorism .
u niggas dnt like me i bet i can fck yo bitch tho .
i feel utterly retarded thanks big .
bitch act like she never seen a face mask .
allieemorse but i have only watched morning news twice the past week so who knows what i could have missed .
you8217re a little bitch .
lol when bitches tryna chill with me like do u kno who i am im the mother dory hoe i touched the butt .
these niggas be actin like bitches .
i expect to see this on an episode of a reality cooking show soon mkr .
not sure but never fear mykitchenrules still has teams left and another instant restaurant round to come mkr .
tv seven 1 mkr celebrity the block .
water police to tent 5 mkr .
i cant stand this dumb fucking bitch .
yankees that game winning hit in thursday a great career the guy is a 1st ballot or else .
i think if biggie saw today he would change his mind about not one of those ugly as bitches .
i like bitches that like bitches .
kiss imik this bitch just added another 50 seconds to her story i think its a new record .
ready to bounce out dis bitch .
femshaveballz the in ferguson are so retarded that they risk arrest to get free food when already pays for their food lo8230 .
peteevans chicken bones instead of breast milk how much damage will this idiot be allowed to do to the mkr brand .
the base and would mean it would hurt like a bitch to have one broken off .
free lee bitch .
sexualtruth jesus turns water into wine instagram turns busted bitches into .
thequinnspiracy gonna be making a big announcement at the panel i am on about online harassment today d .
whoever made these brownies and cookies belongs in heaven .
have you ever had a period no then shut the fuck up .
bitch you old ass ass bitch looking like a ass toe ass vagina face .
midnightsnacka bitch when r u going to get ur round i just fucking said this just proving my point .
indeed although the police were fairly nice .
then he just got too basic amp the hoes loved it from then on he made them his audience .
next to be eliminated needs to be kat amp andre for sure mkr .
i call this the sugar or a heart attack its a twinkie amp a .
made it out of the mountains alive .
nowthatsfresh lmao you gotta chill flyoutchase you bitches still fat .
i feel like pancakes now and it mkr .
you poor soul vicd713ent cuz fat bitches the only thing that i like .
oscar went yardie in his 2nd career mlb at bat what a stud .
katie and nikki mkr .
when you accidentally say about a week ago bitch u just wanted to show ya ass smh .
probably cleaner than most of these twitter hoes but .
do girls wear still cuz i have really cute fuzzy 60 from victorias secret is that even ok to wear 128589 .
a 1 are you fuckin serious fair suck of the kat amp andre mkr .
dont k me you bitch .
they say our state bird is literally see one at least once a day .
i was disgusted betrayed hurt amp my pussy drier than a niggas skin in the winter time .
u may think im a bitch but as soon as you get to know me u realize that first are right and i am a bitch .
it looks like there are quite a few asian campers there someone should have made mkr .
ltltlt 128557 get this bitch out my dm .
im so mad cause hoes think its funny .
none of it is private info ive even about this but you cant read i guess lt3 .
thats what happened go get me a beer bitch8221 .
taking pics im the school bathroom is fucking stupid retards .
bitches be mad they mane nigga gettin snatched up by all these whore yah pussy wack ctfu .
im a lil nigga wait till you see nigga you aint ready im from chicago boy i aint no pussy from the burbs just wait .
son why is our mail lady so ghetto 128529 .
ibanexx i just dont wanna get looked at funny when i say nigger in public .
madcapocelot i think ameliagreenhall did that in her first blog post about him doing it is really hard .
hes a better trainer really acts like a bitch sometimes .
oops i didnt mean to tweet this yes i did random is a bitch .
ajswagggg fucking faggots they thirsty for eachother they probably fuck behind redemption .
you cant home kat and andre cheating humans mkr .
think windturbines are bad for birds compare via via 8230 .
bbluedreamm hunglikerobby dont be a bitch then .
when your main bitch friends see you at a party .
it stink in this bitch it must be them pussy ass niggas talkin shit .
i dont know a bitch in the world that claim they too busy for a nigga they really fuck with .
politics isnt twitter coon lol .
ok mkr enough instant restaurants already .
hoes in the house amp they all fckn watch dog ass ball again ion see a cause they broke as hell 2 places ain goin broke or jail .
whats good then bitch ass nigga catch your phase .
triple6em96 i call all women bitches get over it .
look at this bitch walking too close to my future husband .
stephenatwar it is charging okay .
joe young gone shoot that bitch .
an ad for mkr contestants was just on tv boyfriend immediately the online application .
to deconstruct going to deconstruct do you think they are going to do strap it to a and fly it mkr .
i dont light skin bitches will have 30 texts amp still tweet nobody to talk to you bitches is outta control .
confused are using the hashtag to mock the bridge situation as or seriously the t8230 .
if you want it come and buy it aint no mufuckin fronting nowadays niccas playing games about a few hunned fenkellpayroll loud .
you be a mad a niggah 104120410412041041204 sayin ma name i mustve got you niggah .
they will make it because they add drama to the show mkr .
thats yo bitch she my bitch too .
mrjsmart24 man i would be happy as a fat bitch in chipotle if atlanta get its gone cost to go get him and ill be happy w8230 .
trash black people only play rampb amp hip hop at their some and coons need to .
these girls going to school with all kind og colored weaves in their going on .
chris brown get bitches bruh lmao .
oreo .
de tail satan soul made with the 3 happy .
sir5000 i cant receive tweets in game only send p .
when bitches be tryna wash their shit on the low lol funny af .
looked like you but at the same time looked like some bitch or punk rock bitch from a 90s movie .
but you love me you dont wanna be with nobody else blah blah bullshit fa the birds .
kennywright kushboy420 yopapichulo you cant call someone a fag if youre up with guys .
oh great another fucking instant .
pistolpete96 zp3 hoes .
im a funky ass honkey s shout out to macklemore tonight before 128514 .
twitter has a bird as its logo that8217s why when you join you8217re an egg and your home button is a birdhouse why am i .
i dont love you hoes .
halloween candy corn bird .
im really not a complete bitch just socially handicapped .
ate the really fast or is pass coverage trash .
ugh i need to get married again or something so i dont lose health insurance in a month thats an awkward pickup line to use .
or she just cant afford winter clothes summer hoe winter .
bleacherreport video lb trash talks an during a interview httptco8230 .
photoshop putting my head on fags is not proof .
128527 dumb bitch .
peerworker evvykube when youre an asshole in someones mentions and they react its not bullying .
thequinnspiracy at least amazon had the to rape about real people christ .
spacekatgal yes and if you can and request others targeted do the same that would be rad hoping for 10 .
i hope kat and andres kitchen burns down unaustralian their tactics they cant be happy with that flogs mkr .
popehat the text shown in the image was not that dude is dead serious and not a scientist .
my chick badder than your basic bitches .
when some bitch flirts with bae .
im such a bitch to you why do you stick around .
i got the streets in a head lock i got yo bitch in a leg lock .
yellow jackets at gas station trash cans are the worst .
they have to that division is trash nomeekjustmilz saints gon win the nfc .
hell yeah ameliagreenhall awesome post on wadhwa stopwadhwa2015 .
just seen the baddest bitch in city my heart just got warm 128514128514128514 .
birds of a feather flock hoes friends with hoes bitter women be with other bitter ones haters be with .
itsfoodporn oreo cheesecake bites .
why dont you just give them a 0 and shut the fuck up mkr .
see yall on monday night mkr .
mkr thats you give a 1 if they serve vegemite toast .
like a bitch wit no ass u aint shit .
stevstiffler choke on a cactus bitch .
sigje is there a cfp ive done some neat stuff with statsdgraphite and abuse .
moment of truth these hoes the truth .
hownowgobbycow kaitlynburnell really though show me someone that plays a string and im a happy woman if you know what i mean .
i love bad bitches thats my fucking problem .
everything look better with a bitch next to it .
as much as i was looking forward to the girls getting their i absolutely hate kat amp andre bloody ridiculous scoring mkr .
its brandon motherfucking hes a bitch nigga .
mom dont call a girl a bitch thats somebodys and somebodys bitch .
i need a heated bra because my nips hurt so bad .
by whom per the government the study is good and factual pay your bills teabaggers and republicans .
can you cunts go 20 seconds without talking about weed .
dudes kill me with that i wouldnt mess with khloe kardashian if she aint have money ive seen the hoes yall be hitting get real .
dont feel bad about that unless youve got armor like woah it is soul sucking .
blue cheese crackers and me at the same time .
fuck this bitch idc .
beardyblue oh i think i remember yeah i will this on to our oapi ticketing system so we can start to respond .
im not a bitch like vikyfdez15 128129 lol8221 sorry not sorry tried to give him a hint that i didnt want to speak to him so idc 128524 .
this bitch gonna steal a police uniform and think she has some authority i say we pop the trunk on her bitch ass thewalkingdead .
austin is so cute like look at him all excited because he got oreos .
20tolife bitch nigga lol .
im soooo over having a bitch it aint even funny lbs .
wojtata poor 5sos has annoying ass cunts as fans they dont care about you at all you know .
8220idoclyfe worst movie you can think fan that fucking trash netflix be posting shit that looks like a porno .
im really sorry do you have a suggestion for a thelmasleaze alert .
tweets which saw the most rts tend to be abusive and almost always aimed at spacekatgal thequinnspiracy femfreq and me .
punk bitch walking tall like you got something to prove .
im not sure ive never been down the track of art so i dont have much to say about that .
we might have more cant really be sure but some weird little bird said that might be a possibility stay tuned maybe .
loves how day timers always come with coloured and distance it makes me feel far more important then i actually am .
why are pussy so embarrassing .
fucktyler lmao bitch is dumb slap her up .
tell that hating ass niggah to shut the fuck up .
charlie sheen is a fucking boss .
ive told those bitches at the about my for the past fuckin year and now they wanna me about it .
coons these hoes love putting spaghetti and salad on the same fucking .
bullets stick to a nigguh damn liver .
today is the day .
will you sell that pussy for me .
thecoreyholcomb every man cant have a bad bitch but in this country if you got 100 cash amp r willing to go where poverty you 8230 .
jawshoeeahhh fabianmleal suck a dick hoe .
youre all pussies only men throw in their assholes .
too busy playing video games to deal with it blocked a bunch ill handle it later lt3 .
made some of helenaandvikki marinated feta takingyouhome mkr feta .
i hope kat and andre see themselves on tv and are utterly ashamed of themselves mkr .
mykitchenrules mkr .
one of our tools in stopping violence against women is public shame of the and public support of the victim .
louiev its to the point that i dont enjoy watching harden anymore he constantly does that and it pisses me off stop being a bitch8230 .
ijosborne haha ive got three not sure if the 6 arm version is as good ive only the single arms .
new york bitches be like 128514 https8230 .
ya dude get the pussies drunk .
cuz skinny niggah but my dick long .
if ya girl the pussy before going out with her girls wrong .
im too pretty for this yall lil bitches can have the petty shit .
chances make champions nicca aint nothing stopping you .
things i hate that require a restart and then trigger the restart when i hit finish no i do not want to restart right now .
i just bought a and a bitch came wit it .
thompsonera fr mane on some 100 shit cuff her if she made you that happy in one night cause these hoes for everybody fr .
samzbikowski chug .
with the bitches amp .
i swear these bitches think their still in highschool .
im thinking he has low level of some sort that or hes just goin full retard pretty sure full retard .
i am sorry journalists but this is kind of a place for me to just gtgt i like you i really do but not for this lt3 .
im that bitch going hard .
that crow has socks .
pete doesnt like kat and andres dish hopefully that means theyre on sudden death mkr .
nochillpaz the only girls that care about being a guys wcw are hoes .
word to my bird .
radroopa i agree with your points i was thinking of the ny but .
milfgaardian pravana are my favorite line for blues easily pastels line is gorgeous but fades so quick days to weeks .
grizzboadams wyattnuckels fuck you bruh you didnt show up fucking pussy .
tiffnasty yes love to make em to my voice bitches love southern accents .
finger my throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur face .
my tweet wasnt really about you but if the shoe fits then lace that bitch up and wear it .
i love to eat pussy love .
i literally just told to his face how trash he is at the shop in hooping .
lmaooo that do too much from behind a phone .
katie and nikki shouldve called their restaurant conceited not sassy mkr .
this women at my eye appointment bitch .
yeah how is a game where a woman fights by becoming naked sexist outrage .
the only time i screamed was when tyrese that hoe ass bitch thewalkingdead .
wallah ill drop kick this bitch .
blame it on the yellow chucks lmfao .
bet you wont em doe hoes gon be hoes shut up you a .
with granny damn that bitch a thats a big .
rahleefranklin dont cheat if she a down bitch .
bruh lmaoo 8220nobeeetch them hoes was nasty but i kept eating them what the fuck happened to these .
this dumb bitch no matter what a man says the only way hell truly respect you is if u hold out sex .
bitch its resting on my titties and if u was paying attention youd have seen when i said i rolled into it .
dress shirt jeans backwards yankee hat now thats lifting swag .
how bitch .
prayingforhead hide ur bitches or else .
i cant with this disrespect ass bitches .
that annoying moment when you have to keep your headphones because someone keeps talking to you like move bitch .
lmao bitch know we stand there everyday .
damn so many fake niggas amp bitches8221 .
chaldeancutie vivalaquintaa its a bunch of penis on my timeline literally u want me 2 dm u my pussy lol .
fat hoes always wanna beef with somebody yall dont need to be around no type of beef .
please shut up hoe im honestly a nice .
hell now theyll know ive been your sockpuppet all along thequinnspiracy .
they rude i wish you bitches would stop calling while im trying to get dicked down by your nigga 128530 .
nah but i was worth that character bitch .
that evil son of a bitch deserves everything thats coming to him .
how many of u hoes bad ass little kids dont their medication and cut up in school every week .
worms that bitch is a beast .
ill start at the butt and work my way to the pussy .
itsfoodporn cookies n cream oreo fudge ice cream .
see my nig today somebody who understands the music like me .
my thought of the day no for muzzie pigs ever .
1 for male rap artist if you not talking about money bitches and drugs niggas dont wanna hear your shit .
softestmuffin tee13 torahblaze in other words you are to niggers so almighty one can be next to u but yo nigger .
its not true see last 2 tweets .
these women aint shit but hoes w tricks you different 1008465039 .
shy singer surprises and heart this was so damn beautiful i almost cried .
why do people bring their children to the salon this mexican bitch needs her animals on a leash for real .
causewereguys kissing a girl you you actually really like feels better than fucking a sloppy hoe .
asians have short beds my feet are hanging off the of the bed 1285148221 cuddle me bitch im right you .
i named my dick the truth cuz bitches cant handle it lmao .
kiefferjason bitch whos playing am not worried about you or your little faget ass friends at vines i know niggas at vines to so wtf u say .
oh my gosh this is awesome .
one good girl is worth a thousand .
get no pussy u a .
brosconfessions charlie sheen is a legend .
nfc south is trash juice .
ian watch maury in so long maury wear jeans on the show now i guess he like fk i need to dress up for these ghetto ass ppl anymore .
milfgaardian its new most have switched to using it here instead of .
smh what a hoe you just couldnt wait .
simplysoulful because i thought jay z would hit her8221 yeah he is known for a bitch or 2 .
gave a homeless guy a couple bucks today and didnt even say thank you just walked away ha okay son of a bitch .
i dont like bat man though i fucked his bitch twice .
this bitch is so .
there is nothing about that restaurant mkr .
mizzcreme her being albino isnt the problem its that gut that hair and that fish net she decided to wear sooo many things wrong w8230 .
flappy bird is gonna be the death of me .
you are a bitch .
lebron is a bitch .
f u tumblr bc my blog is black amp white but theres so many great colored things i could fml .
you know idgaf about a womans lingerie matching when i love hairy pussy so much 1285148221 128567 .
capotoheaven niggas will cheat and not even know that bitch name that shit aint cheating .
friendly advice to reporters in dont your location jihadis are tracking u amp consider u a target isis .
i see u jigga hillary .
half these females with these twitter names like eat my pussy aint even about that life bro .
bitch y u aint come to school .
harleyschuder bitch where you going .
im with that kid mkr .
baaaabyshaaaay what plans text me niggah .
this brownies bro .
where this bitch up .
im pretty sure ive never sat in the friend zone waiting for pussy you gotta put your dick on the table and see what happens .
if its 64 dont eem try me 8220leanandcuisine nigga that talk the most trash in smash bros be the these are .
idntwearcondoms if u lost all your bitches .
buckm00se would this faggot survive in .
like what u bitches dmx .
these hoes really would sit in your face and act like they puttin the world in the relationship been fuckin off the whole 8230 .
cheeseplus obfuscurity i dont wanna devops this i just want it to work so i can do other things i need a devops .
guycodes one loyal girlfriend is worth more than a hundred hoes .
the is back mkr .
amp thots are wearing uggs negros are pulling out their timbs .
some of yall just popular cuz of yall name these bitches be ugly .
the didnt release ray rice when they saw this video they released ray rice when you saw this video remember that  .
niggas living like hoes dats why dey dying bout nothing .
dory my anaconda dont want none unless you defeat the son .
is bitch and likes women .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx beach caught a girl rubbing her pussy in nude beach .
a nicca is hungry as hell .
jfc kat do you have no morals mkr2015 mkr .
i think youve made it clear that these hoes aint loyal .
i just saw a bad bitch on here from mf and feel in love .
got your hoe on the scroll .
i blame the other teams for this mkr .
bitch i got some dat hang in la .
i hate bitches thirsty ass bitches .
1 eat the pussy 2 beat the pussy up 3 apologize to the pussy by eating it again because its so good .
i havent slapped a bitch in two weeks .
despite the zebra red rocket special portland beats those jersey .
8220davethebrave1 i like how virgiliolla thinks im talking to nah lol8221 my bad i forgot you aint got hoes like do .
since you gave me the pussy that ass getting fatter .
bigsean suck my dick bitch bigsean not only are you terrible you are why hip hop is dead .
how many does my fist need i dont understand .
she8217s the key to world peace repmycityx hippo is such a pussy .
there are some annoying idiots in this competition mkr .
sometimes you gotta settle for an average lookin bitch wit a good personality just to prevent yourself from gettin cheated on .
boobs boobs boobs boobs lotta i make the baddest bitches send me nudes .
spoiled fucking bitches who get whatever they want need to step off and reevaluate their lives .
gentlermouse nytimes curious as to if the ap style guide has anything about that .
if you aint a gator youre gator bait 128076 .
i hate a stuck up bitch stfu you aint shit special .
ga charlie charlie4927 .
of rain soft cool wild carry music of cease to .
so this dumb bitch had an opinion bout wtf i post on my instagram the time it took to write a .
blessjesus amos 33 can two walk together except they be agreed .
kingtunchi lol got these hoes in they feelings .
trash talked by many hated by some guess how many fucks i give its less than one .
oolon you know this is like the only time a dudes code was ever to a chick ever p .
i love how everybody bitches about heat fans when we win but if they lose all the haters are more .
ugh kat and andre mkr .
heard i fuck with them bitches now you mad tripping .
thats wrong they dont deserve to be eliminated they did a lot better than kat and andre its disgusting mkr .
shoulda put retard on .
drake 3 stacks kendrick name a rapper that alot of people you think is .
i just cant imagine myself being albino haha .
cthagod you know my motto it aint tricking if shes worth it but fuck first trick later depending on the of the pussy .
people with trash cars love to drive fast and reckless .
20tolife once fag you got pressed to the ground hang up your cleats n never put them back on or think about it .
my face when pete said katandandre cant mkr .
gotta question the nicca standing next to you cut em off .
so i see no ones participating in the twitter purge pussies .
two blonde dykes wanna kiss all night i just pray to god that this shit go right .
stop being a pussy son and shove that needle into your own heart .
sizzurp bootyacid ilikecats74 yopapichulo i bet you are faggot .
some of you cunts owe me money .
guess rubes doesnt want to go on a date with me 128532 .
holy fuck frozen pussy you are crazy .
fuk you u stupid twat fuk and wipe that cum off ur lip .
im a fan of i could never do it charlie looks good with them though .
ion kno wat kinda spring clothes imma get my yung nicca dis year we aint doin da polo dis year gotta em wit sumthin else .
i hate you dumb bitches that swear that to be happy you need to be a in a relationship yall honestly need to life .
who da fuck is yo idk nigguh .
8220highclasscapri whatevaittakes lmao definitely not i was bout to say dont front bitch that shit a freeway .
if ya chick always getting into it wit other bitches u gotta tell her that shit ain8217t fly and it8217s .
jimnorton there is a gift shop at the 911 museum and they charge its a mass grave you fucking cunts what a disgrace .
got a couple bitches saying they know me but let the money talk for me and im like .
colored contacts .
cant believe i actually killed a smh you a bitch that was probably ma nigga .
nah go talk to ur bitch since she yo crush n shit .
blackmilk food that isnt at least i dont have to put that many towards this .
my goal for soccer this year is to get a yellow card every game .
this bitch compared dicks to get like dont as you a pencil it becomes more useful .
gtfoh u bitch ass ref .
mkr if the contestants opened a restaurant .
i would def call dwight a robbing faggot if i were kobe .
balls bitch .
ummm channel7 isnt revenge after mkr not htgawm which i thought was on im confused by that ugh .
kiefferjason keep talking im going to make when u cant talk u going to be talking like a retard .
bitch again .
you pussy whipped for only following kimkardashian tho kanyewest .
im hands on when its time ta murk a bitch .
if you tell a dyke she looks just like a nigga is that a compliment ive always that .
rikkilovee gabrielaangela4 stephyrae7 theonemissluu im coming bitches .
mattykem i got tits as big as a hoe so it evens out .
like seriously until thomas what obama did wasnt even technically possible so lets not get our in a bunch .
she say that she was married well so is me she say her pussy hairy i wanna see .
all detroit niggas do is listen to and fuck other niggas bitches while trying to hold on to their own with no money an8230 .
how you gonna use my name while you talmbout pussy tastes lol .
were butchers but cant tell red is not cooked mkr .
i have small pussy size .
isnt ebola a type of soup naw nigga its a country my bitch is from there she .
127942 every bitch n my passenger seat i dun fucked at least one time .
i went to jail for a flock amp came home wit a strike you went to jail as a bitch came home as a dike yg .
this bitch lmao steve be goin on mfs 128553128514 .
famous women be the biggest hoes .
n then the hoe sooooo ugly like bitch you ugly dog like dumb stupid ass ugly like .
i wish i never met that bitch bro on god .
i hate when those little white kids try and act black like bitch you are white .
when did it become cool to ne stupid this teabagger debate is slim on facts at best .
right the same bitches saying positive are the same bitches making fun of someones weight .
this bitch slow playin like the fuckkk .
these hoes aint yours .
thats one really big patch .
going out with bad keep yo girlfriends inside and im not just saying it ask my nigs i mean it .
tv wrestling must lie be a coward be a bully when they can gain unfair bitch amp moan amp .
dignifiedpurity you could have helped mellie you head ho you arent quiet when youre balls deep 8230 .
bullshit mkr bullshit mkr .
happy day big booty bitches .
ima make you a sick song my nig .
we live ina generation where we praise these hoes .
oh sweetie i dont do passive aggressive im aggressive aggressive .
the streets a dirty hoe try to wife it though .
you aint my main bitch so why the fucc do you care .
you can ask if i fucked a bitch but cant ask how my fathers day was these hoes be outta line .
you should try is the best not gonna even joke about that .
ill never think a bitch is all mine .
mostly joan lyrics .
if u aint fucking u aint sucking wat u doin hoe .
no idea whats going on note to self dont start watching a show through mkr .
ran a good game with my royal niggah .
oooh sudden death will be no surprise mkr .
damn is trash man .
shes a dumb bitch shouldve just said no extra shit unnecessary lol relationship goals .
nowhere yet have to secure funding before hiring .
dude why do i have to be such a bitch like im confused .
instead of calling each other hoes girls should be supporting each other idk thats just me though .
chug pee .
i love ashran .
amydentata guys are so trained to see women as quiet that when we engage with substance its seen as sudden .
icbcworld214 bitch bought her son some talking bout i had to get em before they sold out .
i sure am hungry for some scrambled eggs .
hair pulling during sex is just a way of letting her know that her pussy is good .
mkr for 200 people becoming sick from the eggs bad and stupid .
blakkhoodie562 yeah that niggah played good lowkey i wanted brazil to win .
my bf loves crows thought he might enjoy the last tweet .
shaved pussy fingered and fucked before her tight little of an ass .
guy tweets i wanna eat some replies facts girl tweets i wanna suck some replies fair .
mkr maybe you girls should go back to cutting up and pigs dont quit your day job mykitchenrules .
jet a bitch .
djzeeti niggas tweet about wanting a good girl while giving hoes attention all day .
discordianslip nah they would probably call you out for being the obsessed faggot you are also nice try though .
wanted to eat her pussy from the back but shes .
my dad is a hoe fuck him 127797 .
coleycee bitch dat was a low blow .
female ig models in person be so trash 128546 .
justinmiculka01 oh what hoe is she trippin bout then .
falling in love is easy its falling out of love thats a bitch .
bad monkey .
kiefferjason nathanndevlin zachsmith98 no am just letting you whats going to happen am not like u pussy ass niggas from plano .
god teeth gold bitches cocaine .
yesyouresexist if you only your disbelief for the benefit of a story as long as it doesnt threaten the status quo .
fix the fucking you retarded piece of shit fucking as fuck they aim down faster then .
yeah you bitch 128514128514128514 .
i hope colin doesnt like it mkr .
ion pay for pussy because her pussy priceless i go in it and i aint a .
dmv nigguh dress funny as hell .
up in that hoe 128514128514128514128514 .
nobody on planet earth more protective than bull dykes .
this nothing to do with my shoes you ignorant twat .
im so high high high that a bitch cant blow my high .
ivansplash if a guy flirts with ya girl thats just niggas being niggas if she flirts back she a hoe .
where is d hoes 128514 .
lol petty ass breadtruckkbri drake a hoe 128514128514128514 .
i love these stupid holiday commercials you thought you were going to get a car nope bitch you got an ugly ass sweater .
thats not ya bitch if she dont love giving you head .
eat shit kat and andre mkr .
my worse bitch looks better than your main bitch now thats bad right there lol .
now call down your dark and your cold and be damned charlie brown .
olevertybstard yankee is fucking awesome ya bastard .
the family of ron needs to sue for that trash song they released in his name .
andreaaolvera smd bitch .
couldnt feel more different about the 2 wa teams proud as punch of eva amp debra just want to punch kat amp andre pair of fucktards mkr .
triggercheck the guy who paid .
and someone from my class is literally sitting across from me on the bus so i cant even call dad and bitch .
you are absolute scum .
do you have a nickname what is it 8212 whitey whitey jr taylor whitey pants agent ti .
i know these hoes aint right .
coleycee bitch kill yo self .
ay yall heard that rich gang tape thou that bitch on .
jaredchase everything right now im mostly in love my but disc for .
if there was a god she would have fallen off mkr .
he no doubt it from someone else alert the mock is back .
fabianmleal bitch lol .
vivaalakatyy brotherbill7 good bitch choke .
lol youve tweeted bitch an excessive amount for you today you ok .
cheuya which speaks to how far they are from having the insight into the state of being marginalized amp its impact down to  .
chocolate pussy 4 favorite candy .
fuck no that bitch dont even suck dick 128514128514128514 the kermit videos bout to fuck ig up .
want a cracker .
saw and github hi i know you .
dawg ass hoes .
of course bitch i kinda wanna attempt to play madden tho .
no youre a nigger go pick my cotton .
youve been doing too much math homework hoe 128514128514 .
hay pussy cat .
soo when we hanging out and makin brownies .
stephyrae7 fag .
a nicca aint perfect but my heart is pure .
dont try and pull that fake friend shit on me bitch .
this bitch needs to be ray .
you lil stupid ass bitch i aint fucking with you .
trey songz can sing but cant actually right a good song trey songz is only relevant because of thirsty black bitches .
perhaps next season all scores get revealed at the end of each ppl like kat amp andre cant strategically score disgusting mkr .
i dont respect nun about a bitch cause idgaf bout des hoes .
right now 5 charlie baker will be by a razor thin wcvb .
gucci feel like jeezy pussy outchea you tried to kill me and wasnt successful nigga lucky gucci aint tried to down him .
jwyoder more so because theyve known me for such a long time talking about personal experiences is easier with strangers .
here yall hoes go dicc shit .
gidgitvonlarue mkr you eat lamb meatballs for breakfast i thought you two ate fairy dust cupcakes with rainbow unicorn .
i got bitches tho thats all i got .
literally in the middle of the ghetto and these people look scary .
nothing good on tv and the yankees are eating their balls 3 innings in great .
as a woman you shouldnt complain about cleaning up your house amp as a man you should always take the trash out .
iirc tweetbot is a paid app im not necessarily thinking client .
never keep in your life if bitches take more than they give its time to cut them off .
you think she classy niggah but she really ratchet .
these bitches sad you dont like me why cause my friend dont 128514128514 thats basically how girls work .
vomit stopwadhwa2015 .
tired of little bitches messing with your get your own gangster .
you know what all you are doing is being a to me a fuckin and i hate bitches like you .
waka tammy just got her ass beat ctfu how niggas be they dont ever have they bitch back 128514128514 .
fuck ur me see wat ur current bitch look like .
whatever happens i wont let racism become a big trend again i refuse over my fuckin dead body bitches im mixed i cant be racist .
its winter up this bitch .
coffee pulling down follower list running analytics against each of them to create a troll score .
good job tonight you need to eat some crackers stop throwing up .
basicmountain its one of my favorite things .
i thought garbage men were supposed to bring trash to the dump but they wouldnt take me ha ha ha self .
u wanna piss a hoe off when u in the club amp she in front u tryna dance for u do what im doing right now tweet .
unoriginaljohn queerdalek it ends after a day at the most but will be stopping soon since im shutting them down for .
mkr at least the blondes always scored fairly they deserved to stay tonight to keep it a fair competition hope katampandre played unfair .
i cant express how much i hate sam he is by far hands down no questions asked my least favorite character so bitch made .
cant tell me shit cuz ion care bitch .
stoner tell yo bitch to bite da boner .
oh she is vianawf i respect that because bitches can be spiteful when it come to children .
yaboylilb and if you aint a hoe get up out my traphouseeee .
i can hear the birds .
lol im just a walking trash can .
dont forget we gotta take out trash and need lube .
iced it hoe .
lmao lowkey peyton manning trash .
edgarguillenjr joclark6 blakeanderson21 your a bitch if you hit a girl .
he trash in concert anyways dude yall fraud as hell if yall go to jcole concert and you dont fw his music .
it is not a block bot it is a tool to share block lists this particular one being generated via the api and ffs alexlifschitz .
how many bitches have actually gone to the club in a mini skirt amp js on .
derek jeter clap clap yankees .
am i the only person that feels disrespected by the bird poop suddenly dropping on your front .
these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk bout it .
wbeezy a bitch yo 128514128514 .
lingo so a1 niccas be tryn talk like me .
turn the entire fuck up hoes .
hell ive missed you guys mkr mkr2015 .
swiftonsecurity http going over wifi has ended relationships ah the early those were the days .
these bitches niggas who got life sentences in jail stupid .
these bitch niggas couldnt live my cold .
yankees getting killed .
be a pussy .
i suspect she doesnt know about either but its the site shes posting to lol .
these hoe aint loyal a nigga who cheated on his girl 7 times and just broke up with him .
thatsabinegirl lt3 i cant imagine how hard it is let me know if theres anything you want me to promote any help that i can give .
id be happy with a perfect bacon and egg roll mkr .
jwyoder perl requires little logic p .
you know how these hoes be .
freebsdgirl if there is a culture war to be fought it should over whether or not harassment is acceptable not when i .
jillwetzler i  u .
these guys were incredible on stage today amazing food mkr .
go talk to all your other hoes8221 .
yo bitch look like a .
like out of no where youve become an inconsiderate bitch and im beyond done with your shitty attitude backup .
try visiting at night for a real spook .
1bcarter or hes eating it cuz hes with a women who just cant cook u gotta get rid of that hoe .
does anyone here have extended family that doesnt and them i envy you .
but not disaster pussy that thing is a wreck .
kim k lil sisters some hoes .
l1ldebbie so its rude to talk about fat bitches but its cool to talk about skinny bitches cus i know alot of thick hoes on the .
when you realize you got no hoes .
i write bots to block it p .
practically anything that8217s colored red often contain red from the female or .
millions of niggas can rap can any of yall make music like a quality song not just you bars shit you can play wit the bitches .
as long as you gon feed me pussy when i get the munchies 128586 .
stopwadhwa2015 because he is ties to gamergate on their support talks to .
fuck class gon be a bitch tomorrow .
i just cracked my motherfuckin phone god damn i feel like punching a bitch in the motherfuckin throat .
so basically i a lot on how for now i make fire my bitch day to day .
i dont care if its a saying calling someone a bitch is still calling someone a name .
attitude be for no reason bitch mad at breakfast 128514128514 .
is early lol mkr .
aint that a bitch .
chase money 128176 not 128581 hoes 128111 .
why .
these bitches is actors out here .
black twitter needs to get off paul george dick about him a stripper wiz did tyga did kanye turned a hoe into a housewife .
if a bitch say im ugly she a jealous .
i rap that and her part of problem 247 cause im a bad bitch .
thats still my pussy .
stevstiffler wtf is did you laugh yourself to sleep bitch .
wow and there are white people and there are crackers guess which one u are .
happy birthday anastaciacole i love you faggot .
you here good songs on the radio but it aint about its bout hoe problems killing andor moving weight .
we just chasing os round here we aint chasing hoes round here 128581 .
no send the fucking challenge quit being a pussy .
when you die on flappy bird 128514 .
yo can you guys stop being little bitches just know everything happens for a reason of your meant to be you will be 128079 .
desertfox899 i used to live here you nerd .
yeah you bad but hoe so what .
i need a new bitch .
bitterchick dare be only one bag dat folks be suckin on what i comes to yo all da ofay be wantin to ride in my .
kingl nigga fuck you u a bitch ass nigga dat aint sneak u bitch made shit starter kingl a sneak .
gtta fly bitch and she stand out .
i recall you telling one of the apollo teachers you her baby came out retarded and it did lol 128514 .
you are so fake amp im going to put you on blast bitch .
i can tell when certain and specific people are posting on a page by the consistent retarded hashtags .
the birds out tonight .
oh i probably should have warned about that sorry gtgt im to such things .
kat on mkr says what every one else is thinking .
tylar bet hoe .
i did not link it ill .
bruh really rocking a on his face lmaoooo he prolly got 0 bitches too man .
whenever i came to school fresh i took hella bathroom breaks just so the hoes could check me out 128514 .
guys who tweet shit to get a bunch of favorites are on the same level as hoes .
you need to at least not be a bitch to date me .
degenerateartist knows bo fan slang ho ting lick drum swing flick alarm but you cant hear fire can you .
yesyouresexist i love girls what u on about .
mkr kat amp andre sucked in .
she my lowkey bitch the one i ride lowkey with .
thaumatropia it was out today p i went to the dog park for an hour .
killerblondes mkr mkr2015 .
joe is looking hopeful mkr .
this is 50 shades of bullshit wadhwa said that women that disagreed with him were just looking for attention these were his words .
krysemlyn from wa yeah you can easily do it in 2 days id recommend taking a break just after hitting the ca border .
got 99 cookies because a bitch ate one .
whereyohussleat ion like him he annoying 128514 i thincc he knows i dont nigga a fag on dave .
rishaawilliams 128514128514 ghetto ass name .
dumb bitch award goes too thats all you uncle sam .
just found out has an australian president hoosiers are my team hoosierstate indiana iu iubb big10 tonight .
kiefferjason am done are acting like a little bitch my 5 year old nephew then your scary ass sunset is not a time u dumb fuck .
how do i even have an ear i am not 4 .
kat is a fucking cunt mkr .
i may be a bitch but least i keep it real .
the of my bounce as i said we know these bitches cuz we be traveling .
pussy pussy pussy .
yo band made band look like trash .
saw this little freshman ho with what looked like spiked dog stupidest shit ever so everytime i saw her i said so sexy lmao .
thats for these hoes .
this being sick is for the birds .
jacksparenohoe lets hang out nigger .
im gonna miss that bitch of a bus you wont dont lie .
when i make the paper ball into the trash can .
theironsheik alex rodriguez you lucky only the ryan hit you i going to get my camel to break your neck you son of a bitch .
squishilicious deconstructed lemon tart basically a pile of crap on a plate mkr .
tonycranshaw22 that bitch bouta be .
thank you colin and pete karma and andre hungrycampers mkr .
i need a bad bitch thats gon treat me good .
ready to make today my bitch .
first asked about the photo of mike brown such innocence .
when people refer to their girlfriend as their bitch 128528 8221 i know how it sounds but its how we mean it lol .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh damn that hoe just came out but look at how many hoes said his shit jamming on my shit .
the fact that the creator of yesallwomen had to shut down her account bc of should shut contrary men up but it doesnt .
glennf spacekatgal it is rather funny how all of us are so completely different yet each others skill sets so well .
id rather be your .
iammrechols herself in the hoe section .
the hoes yall chase want me 128175 .
pallehoffstein ashleylynch cranboonitz glad that your job is safe .
aye can i borrow 50 dollars it aint like yu aint got two jobs well can i borrow some pussy i aint like yu gone give up no head .
the same people that be calling people hoes be the main ones sucking dick for a worry bout you .
im a different the pussy good im not tryna fuck for no stopping backing out it anything i ca think of to last longer .
killer line josh smith dropped a killer trash talk line on .
dirkalisic dude quit being a bitch you ran downstairs me not to tell anyone .
my bitch got the dope in her panties you to dramatic .
97339733973397339733 grand opening 97339733973397339733 top class 9733 oriental massage 9733 perfect 9733 .
karlie acting like she not a hoe she been wit 3 of the niggas on just this show plus two guest .
wayneljr the nipples determine whether the titties are trash or not .
idk i gotta think about it cause them bitches small as shit .
mala how about this my next week is still empty but will fill up quick im guessing email me a time ill come visit .
oh colin mkr .
yep which is than their retarded new .
kirindave wow pvp makes me happy i play and im pretty good at it you are basically a door to door right now .
niggas passing up good girls for hoes .
how could you do this to bitch .
i wouldnt fuk a lot of u bitches realtalk .
print this on a shirt one day as a font of all the smug twitter profile pictures im not sexist but females cant drive .
one youre annoying two you a damn hoe three you aint about to do a thing must we go on .
shut your bitch ass up you got something to say about me mention me eyed bit8230 .
bitch ill fuck you up .
got to hold a take selfies with saw a bunch of bad ass birds of prey and pet a fucking today wtf 8230 .
kanye new video so bitch made mane bruh how you gone throw shots a den come up wit dat shit .
alright time for me to get off the internet and hide for a bit until i manage sleep ill be getting into gdc late tomorrow .
i wish young thug made past me the and kept garbage ass tyga out that bitch .
srhbutts leo sleeps in my bed in the winter hes the little .
what charming lads i cant imagine why women wouldnt want to impress you .
yes because the difference is the of minorities .
rayiopez make me ur many girls do u talk i ur side about me so i know its real .
dad called me a border hopper .
told that hoe to suck it up she got lips like rubber ducks .
so many bitches you gon need to change ya name from to bitches .
whattheflocka morbidmermaid my shes a nigger but i love her .
every day i thank my nigga jesus for hot wings and my ability to tend to these bitches .
oh bitch i just saw your instagram post and i screamed .
thinks about every war in history no men never call me sexist or whatever but women argue and disagree with each other a lot .
lmaoooo girls dont let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst you are a pink starburst .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx lesbian lesbian girl eating pussy .
ilovebamf tbt with these bitches glad i met these fucks savage530 .
i dont know why i go on that pancake face bitchs twitter she gets me tight every time .
if you have chemistry the only other thing you need is but a bitch .
freddiegibbs its cold as pussy .
claim whatever part of her u please fuck her to bliss or her sweet pussy with a till she to be your filthy 8230 .
wyattnuckels yeah nigga i get bitches and fucking gay as shit .
i lemon and make it regularly and i as i watched mkr .
dylanw last i checked baldwin was verified .
clowney is a bitch nigga get his ass off my team .
8220satisfiedx got some ugly hoes yeah and them g students aint making no better 999 of em .
what a 128075 slap a hoe .
this bitch is tryna start shit at asking us if we took a picture of them lmfao bitch .
all 3 haha because im and your bitch .
grow up bitch .
i dont even need a picture of that bitch is beat in every .
randiebooks silvermillsy so harsh .
keep dem poo hoes off ya tl b .
life is a bitch but i appreciate her mayne .
she really looks like the kat that the mkr .
haha ive that little bitch around all night starting to feel a bit sorry for him seriously .
hmm every bitch i fucked wit is a hoe never met a real female in my life .
lildurk i hate wen hoes lie and say i fucked em signedtothestreets2 .
people time hop to be reminded they were faggots a year ago too .
you know i stay on fuck a bitch shit but with a street nigga thats what you gonna get .
and honestly im a social hoe ill talk to any and everybody nowhere in there did i said fuck suck and trap .
bitch hmu say she need sex right now bitch nigga hmu saying he upset right now .
elchavaloko staycoolwheels yea but was frustrated n didnt wanna go like a bitch he left the ring as .
if u know this bitch u know ur mexican .
is it a crime if a nigga just wanna eat pussy .
cause of the of pussy you get right .
andreaaolvera bitch .
home of that one hoe katrina .
but pussy is the root of all drama an attribute put up in they head by they mama .
mkr how intense was tonights ep .
good shes a ghetto thug so just arrested for being in the street .
4 maybe 5 weeks down and there is still teams left mkr .
cant tell if mexico has been or if brazil has just been trash today .
as though being fat is in any way worse than being a misogynist stop being a horrible person .
i hate a extra ass bitch or an extra ass nigga youre doing too much just stop its unnecessary .
sorry i dont converse with people that talk to me while hate groups kindly go fuck yourself .
soulja boy trash now but im not gonna act like i never that superman .
i knew a bitch in college who sold the pussy for 23 .
oh god please dont please just stop mkr .
desertfox899 wadhwa is an of abusive neo ex weev stopwadhwa2015 .
my manager new brand order now w red amp cherry white beanies .
get this monkey off my back .
that1guyjeff that just happened to be the year we lost a one game playoff to them bitches from the bitch ass twin bitches lucky for you .
alainvde oh weird im surprised it didnt offer twitter .
its hard being around people who arent actively trying to fight their own oppressive find your people to keep you calm .
made larry bird do a lmaooo .
hoes gon be hoes so so i couldnt blame tammy .
8220highclasscapri whatevaittakes ohhhhh yes bitch ready .
mt jjauthor us ghettosdriven by liberal ideology .
an vs katandre elimination cook off would let this happen mkr .
mkr to stop this strategic voting perhaps announce all the scoring for each group of instant restaurants when they .
menoindirect whole hoe outchea .
what happen to them ent bitches they got ran and threw to the side like a bitch .
damn i wanted to buy that bitch that shit was tough .
them women at the bar are there for your pleasure them old hoes be pure savages 128514128514128514 .
what the hell were you thinking with your name .
happy birthday to the faggot ever 128129 .
slay me lolz jk bitch ill cut you emabiggestfans1d .
holy shit .
with past years mkr will be going off air for a week over easter .
whiteangelss84 fieldsdevante mmm where the fuck is that at honkey u need to wake up and realize its 2013 and get off of the skin .
theres no way i can watch yet another round of instant restaurants switching off mkr .
i think the clips and thunder wouldve gave the heat a good as east is just trash .
wow good on you ash and camila i feel like these guys are good humans who just take the mic now and then mkr .
i got a uncle through marriage dude got hips like big momma i swear all the lil kids mock his walk and he dont even know it .
its not like i was typing .
yfly23 wow i can put slit trophies against u in those .
rhythmixx why you gotta hoe me like that .
the bitch that took my phone .
me too d dick and pussy is too precious to give up and be ruined by some bullshit that was done to me .
cant stand a sob ass bitch .
fuck that cock sucker hulk put him in camel clutch fuck his ass make him humble bitch .
milfgaardian i tend to document my hair color for later gtgt that pic is a few years old .
pennythegoat the is getting fucked right in the pussy .
nah nicca you got gas spacejamteeg vonshayeb 128514128514128514 blowing gas 128548 .
lmao slow new day for fans huh with siri haha that sounds retarded so she may not use a sound sample .
dblockdeuce215 my face when bitches expect me to care .
popehat satoshiksutra darktechmonitor you have to follow some pretty people to get on ggautoblocker that list isnt public .
this faggot in a truck was me so i hit my breaks he cut me off i switched he cuts me off again to be a little then .
if i dont a big booty hoe today im going be outraged .
im also looking to hire full time bitches .
my tail just said he dropped 20k to pay off the last of his student and clams he is broke nigga u just dropped 20k like its nothing .
im 99 slay bitch im wearin armor cause im so rich i got my and my whip .
i will have to switch off if kat and andre make it through mkr i wont be able to handle the of .
1 time for the lonely hoes watching scandal re runs .
who are all these people ive forgotten mkr .
beardyblue it takes a pretty specific personality type to be able to take this shit on .
you ugly ass big bird looking bitch shut the fuck up8221 pretty much in your .
dont touch my fucking food feminist .
moldybars congrats on finding that bug im sure gamergate is totes going to care .
i love black shoes cause i can match them with anything but i also need some colored shoes .
lmaoooooo eat that goal faggot gezus .
fewjr 1markusa she curved regular niggas daily especially us austin niggas damn yellow ppl .
his do not until playoffs but luckily this means that any future kid will definitely root for the yanks priorities .
why do dudes have to play the youre not serious just wanting to fight card when women call them out on solutions with ill consequences .
in this bitch .
lifeofbrandon bitch i called yu back .
if i see another bitch with a bag ima that bitch .
walk up to your house knock on the door and blow your ass off drop it off drop it off bitch i got a off .
nickfalkner i have eaten army food from that looked better than that and less like a dick mkr .
that awkward moment when a hoe says shes not a hoe .
if it didnt work you guys would probably be crying about it stealing your freeze peaches a whole lot less .
yall hoes and yall plastic ass bodies smh .
causewereguys list of bitches who want my dick .
thirsty fo da bitches my pants n shit shit i paid this much for the belt i betta crack a bitch .
as long as she shes not gonna look as pretty as she usually works this character is kind of a mess .
gabby is such a hoe .
paid dis much for da belt i betta crack a bitch .
8220keanabermudez guys are hoes these days lmao dont fucking indirect me cause i can put you on whos .
wccorosen sick of all the trash talk and cocky attitudes have to take control when needed .
this hoe in here pregnant man take yo ass home .
has a progressive attitude about mental illness for .
hate when bitches get boyfriends then forget all about you like you wasnt there before they got together .
haha yes niggah but yesterday night idk man it hit me at night like around 2 in the morning didnt go to sleep till like 4 .
if youre not watching vs women i dont know what youre doing with your life the last one was the best yet .
lrt did not appear to be oo pretty sure dude was serious .
nowthatsfresh first celebrity to be spotted in public with a durag and a white bitch h8230 .
just read this instagram profile luv my by birth bitches by choice youre cool loser .
xor xor id appreciate some feedback on why this joke wasnt as funny as i thought it was .
with the power to earn less than a man for doing the same job and no control over her .
popcorn and candy for dinner i always knew charlie brown was my spirit animal .
mwlauthor the bsdcan committee is discussing papers fast amp im guessing well be late so much good stuff this year .
mmmotorsports yesyouresexist no you tweet me when you get behind the wheel of a race car or dirt .
fuck are you talkin about iggyazalea its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no8230 .
made one of my all time favorites look like a bitch on the stage of em all .
mkr youd think in her annie would have paid a visit and not to use the same coloured as your hair .
instant potatoes are trash 128686 .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx latina latina mature big pussy .
ew wtf lmfaooooo chickencoleman bitches goin gay for this .
you unfollowed me first bitch .
if you like .
i just wish some females would look in the mirror b4 they hop on social networks amp talk down on hoes .
retweeting ah bitch tweet is flirting nowadays .
i have that bitch lmao .
wadhwa sarahjeong this issue isnt about me any more it is about ethics in journalism how a public radio station and .
victoriafinae he plays for the yankees right .
tonyjrodriguez friendly reminder that you shouldnt try to have sex with birds .
we all know a bitch named .
i really just wanna brake your fucking head in but ill look like a bitch if hit you .
the hoes be rated e .
california has gangs because california is trash .
if you hate people so much then go into a since you want to be a little whiny bitch so badly .
cuauhtli02 saucygyro he called the a pussy or something .
1stblocjeremiah good pussy change ya life 128514128557 .
martin is a straight up pussy .
oh my god oh my god im going to a bitch mob party today oh my god .
freeze bitch im gonna steal your heart .
am ghetto .
based on my starbucks drink choices i admit that i am in fact a basic bitch .
heard you gotta new bitch see ya up thinkin that its making me sick .
a lot of women in tech have had to commit themselves so utterly to their work in order to be taken seriously hes their .
superspacedad ggautoblocker .
i dont want yo bitch she gotta be foreign 128564 .
paperchaysin how you fucc for cash but u not a hoe and how im going to respect u if your broke .
bitches will fuck a nigga with money knowing he aint buying her shit but wont fuck a broke nigga that would give her .
when you drop all your hoes for your girl and she say she dont want a relationship .
nah these hoes dms broke tho .
if i change the tilt of my 27 asus all that much i have to tighten the of the arm but its easy to get to my 24 isnt as heavy .
will never be bitch they dont let people control or change them .
if bitches wanna nigga get off the couch and go fine .
ha he aint welcome in washington state or nashville is straight trash .
seansteiger31 i dont gang bang ho i jus gang bang these hoes 128299 .
justcurrieon aint nobody asked yo faggot ass for a comment i know you peeped already you gay thats what u do for a living .
betodavidthomas jessecanon lmfaooo oh well fuck that bitch .
damnitcorn chunky girl man for nasty sex in my head i was like this bitch may have well emailed me directly for this s8230 .
hurt hoes be like .
you gotta be a really weak bitch to let somebodys tweets offend you especially if you never met the person .
andreafaulds ggautoblocker its true theres a risk but the same risk is involved in just following the twitter account .
birthday weekend starts shut yo hoe ass up .
lets get a group together amp do something negro im home .
deconstructed is a for of mess on a plate mkr .
fewjr we block us then and see what happens you think we on ya high yellow ass now just watch .
8220100046729 this bitch huh lol .
bitch what .
oh good lord .
fat that niggah 128076 .
ashleylynch mentions of timoflegend the hashtag that of history congrats tim .
mizzcreme what that pussy do tho .
how do people even get crushes on me im like a total bitch8221 128129 .
aint shit without my scale bitch i live that bag life .
100d smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music i bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit 128530 real shit .
its gonna bring it down though unless its turning into a already like a bubble wit pussy gotta pop it an itll be gone .
u stupid fuk head bitch .
watch social media with all that hate in their blood try and wish bad on he back bitch stop hating stronger .
if you find a good place lemme know .
kiefferjason bitch that says traffic stop bitch stop making excuses .
aint worth it your pussy like soap .
vampirrrra thats right niggah .
yea you dont live down here i guess we still got that arent fixed from charlie and .
gotta remind myself to put da phone down sometimes cuz i get when i see all these bad bitches n den get mad cuz i cant meet em .
you have no sense of humor so back off their a lil bitch and im 10 .
show me your pussy .
you want me on the couch playing video games where you can see me or out with my friends with other pussy in reach bae .
can you imagine tryn yo hardest to stop a bitch frm and still comin up .
jose of a former gay teabagger .
louievree this bitch feet been through 20 years of slavery .
i tell a bitch i dont love shit fuck somethin .
you bloody arseholes kat and andre to score that low is absolutely bs mkr .
high thenna bitch thats y im tweeting .
umightnotgetin 128514128514128514 fucc nicca beerandtacos wethelastonesleft .
im a proud wacko bird how bout you .
for example i cant even say whats cooler than bein cool ice cold without somebody it to a a no bitch t8230 .
and im retarded too i keep answering the house phone when i know it aint for me l .
he said he got you in pussy .
just posted a photo yankee stadium .
yall hoes would never get under my skin .
i almost was nice once then i realized people need to toughen up and stop being such emotional bitches .
wanna make a boss happy talk nasty 128540 .
mkr the audience goes the producers clap their hands with glee .
randiebooks desertfox899 what .
thats not ghetto thats sweet and a movie quote try again .
eat a dick bitch .
girlziplocked doubleunionsf the is finding time to find those allies while figuring out what to do with the ones ive got .
amazon has decent prices overall good customer experience but their user interface has been a hot mess for forever .
i hope you dont get mad ladies i only call you bitches bitches bc i dont know your names williams .
life aint nothin but bitches and money .
all these ratchet hoes be on tha same stuff .
theres a cookbook for children thats you meant paleo thats worse mkr .
red neck ice bucket challenge 128514 he must be from the sip redneck .
dont worry bout me i got it all bitch mind your business stay in your lane .
viribracefacee my niggah my niggah lol 128074 .
bitch i be smokin gas i could start a ferrari .
uceina this bitch lmao .
hillbilly bone .
would you rather drink pee or johnny wig in charlie and the chocolate .
i remember the tech band called us planet of the apes i was ready to flip .
the black girl is lighter than every other bitch on here yall needa stop playin fuckin up darkskin girls body image .
the dean a hoe how she fucked home and his bro .
im finally finished work im going to have to chug this bottle of wine to catch up to you guys challenge accepted .
a must watch and share .
before covering up irs creepy little leprechaun john cooked the books for amp mac httptc8230 .
its just me or do you not want nobody else yo girl or niggah .
plot twist these hoes are loyal .
lovemycoffeetoo hiddenhorcrux there were 4 top teams 1 from round amp didnt top their round amp are also safe mkr .
verification yes this is me .
school sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it .
12 was like blocked bitch 8220nobeeetch dont start they are blocking us in ferguson .
bad bitches only .
every chick say that she a bad bitch .
kobe bryant is such a bitch grow up pussy .
fuckin ignorant ass niggas dont dm me a video of you counting money n say why u so stuck up .
glinner ashleylynch superspacedad what i took out of this is that i am sockpuppet correct me if i am wrong .
seeing so many basic bitches rn .
ill see you guys later i gotta go bake my blood crackers .
hoe fax type yo bitch number in google to see if it pops up on back 128514128557128514128557 .
i cant fuck with hoe niggas i cant trust these hoes .
life to short to be salty get u some pussy be happy .
coleycee lmaooo just him add this to it bitch .
latest mock draft has 3 9 young 14 37 twins amp johnson a8230 .
shervyn have weird restrictions im still learning the i just assume everything is going to be difficult .
this seasons mkr is going to finish in at this stage .
srhbutts so uh the creator of one of the gamergate is arguing that we should make rape legal .
stephyrae7 will never happen faggot got on it today at golf by gabrielaangela4 several times .
false are fun .
shanselman will be there just late as usual .
i watched my followers drop like when they started seeing shit that made them upset lol take salt bitch .
happy birthday bitch whitecholo23 .
junk on the plate and in trunk mkr .
give us our credit bitch we went out there amp took that w took tha8230 .
colonelkickhead maybe there will be yet another secret round where colin cooks off against pete amp manu amp the winner is declared the .
mkr that pork looks good .
shut your mouth you little fuckin bitch .
kim k a hoe because she fucked 4 dudes we see on tv some of you hoes have fucked 40 dudes that dont even got a tv .
oh oh kat and bam manu mkr .
a lot of indie game devs remind me a lot of foss devs its all about that passion im drawn to passion kind of in love with all of them .
until next time rednecks 128521 ill see you again rednecks with paychecks .
log off nigger relationshipgoals .
8220treslyon 8220erikaj00 i saw a girl scratch her private today what that mean8221 dont fuck her right in the pussy8221 lmaoooo .
royals let they wished they hadnt cause they about the guy win or lose yankees fire .
stephyrae7 pussies wanna use royal for their use my homemade cream cheese frosting .
i really hate like shes money and its not even hers like bitch wtf .
thats where birds came from .
made it to the world series ned out here fucking everybody bitch on the low .
either bitches fake gay or fake happy .
bad bitch with me trying to blow me like a .
all trash now thats a lot of stolen .
day 2 of simpsons marathon 8212 dog gets an to exit to be the best 24 ho8230 .
noworriezzzz two hoes arguing bout who fucking who for x amount of money lol what .
proseish i know you are a pussy ass coward that is weaker and smaller like .
i dont talk to niccas i talk to god we can relate .
go you got bitches disrespectful players and a bunch of spoiled at your school so im cheering for you not .
for the night need a break ill be back tomorrow .
b that girls werent supposed to do it i would have been on that shit .
im not mad at you i just needed the dm noises to stop .
yall pussy ass niqqa need to make some moves ampamp get up there .
i swear these hoes aint got nothing on you .
woohdakidd74 8220shanea1 i did use to buy 2 n wear both dem bitches at the same ass lol .
and you know best about the bird moves .
aint nobody u fuckin peckerwoods i despise of a no good white ungrateful honkey .
all bitches all day all the time .
idk why niggah give a female head then throw a on lmaooo niggah you already ate the whole std 10412041041204 .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx hairy hairy pussy .
that nigga trash lmao dolphins trash .
an ohio up what return means for cleveland .
bunch of insecure bitches out here .
i pull hoes tx .
respect the birds peace in pieces .
kat and andre are making me mad wanna kick them in the face every waking minute andre is a name kat you are a mole mkr .
tommy keeps the yellow andy does the break of the tour and is broken incredible day for .
ohmyloz if the surprise announcement is another group of contestants im done mkr .
im officially that nasty shade of red that looks good on no one that you usually see in the ghetto hood red .
where is everybody getting this fuck her right in the pussy sayin from .
the birds singing brings thoughts of hot flesh on this spring morning hot sexual desire fills my head let me taste you amp feel you .
thats your bitch why she acting like she need a man .
peerworker deramazinglarry quinnaemoon feministing youre really fond of lying about everything i said they arent isis .
teeth are quite wbdyllon .
im just a sarcastic lil bitch who loves to sleep and .
creeping death still stuck in my head bitch .
oh its coon bike week in charlotte ok makes sense now .
kinghov1313 boi stop aint no hoes in the have been either thats why nobody knew where our hood no hoes .
in the past 30 minutes i have seen the grand total of three cars .
themayormatt the early man gets the clam .
yall sleep on shy glizzy 128564 young .
just play 8 hours of promo mkr .
jason doesnt have a lot of experience on twitter it seems or a very healthy world view .
what pissed me off is as males we judge females pussy how you gone judge your own get mad and deny its loose because you have a gap .
newideamagazine no that kid is just a mkr .
lmao i dont like em chunky .
mkr they arent going home just because of amp kat .
hoes tweets be like put that dick in my throat i wont choke then when you ask them about it they say its a song hoe .
nikowavy why aint no single fathers getting wished a happy mothers day like yall do these bitches on fathers day .
im happy for the holes and negativity desperate guys spew on here good example of what not to be and what i .
ashleylynch thats awesome yeah im not really bothering to read ggs response although people send me .
blacknerdjade ok sis shed rather be a broke bitch shrugs shell have to tell me how it works for her .
you nigga eating these hoes pussy but they aint worth it .
wcw all the bad bitches .
niggaz buying buying dont start this hoe shit .
the girls should realise its what you print on the plate and not the food that sells mkr .
mwlauthor why cant i dm you .
and ive asked them to stay but attacking my work with them youre bringing it on yourself .
dont bitch about my attitude because youre the reason i have one .
i figured i was just shocked out hoe old that tweet was lol .
dat shit a shirt inspired by emoji tattoo now .
hey teabagger said he got 98 of what he wanted in you sound like a moron when everyone knows you are lying .
i fuck bad bitches to why you niggas balls blue like an avatar .
achussle real all jokes aside the hoes i know some of the coolest women ive ever met .
kiefferjason nigga i was there at i went to go get my homeboy and i texted u at naw u a bitch .
your pussy so bomb i call it .
day sleeping baby hot coffee and last nights mkr  hoping hubby finishes work early too .
98 of women were sluts freshman year of let these hoes be great .
na hit the slide at the end of that bitch 128514 .
any more birds in school .
we all know dumb bitches like this .
brilliant job by to it back to the without causing a yellow wish he didnt need to though .
i just accidentally ate a pot brownie i guess there goes my pledge of being drug free for life lolz 8221 lmao college .
shjade triggercheck .
this bitch said which one are you lmaooo i hate her .
the ending was retarded .
athenahollow jwyoder chriswarcraft i dont like dampd i cant literally set things on fire and cause .
the fritters look good only one problem every one elses meals look like a train wreck in paradise to me mkr .
young thug aint earn his strips yet lol just a few bangers wiz can do dat cuz he not a lil nigguh of the rap game lol .
thelittlefella so to therealemandm for his shitty fuzzy hat made sure he wasnt getting laid lmfao .
thats that never call a bitch again shit .
just dude hoe ass lol .
16stanleys hahah that niggah got hella checked do your thang .
ok im out i cant sit through another round with the worst of the worst mkr .
murder her repmycityx when u fuck with crazy bitches shit like this happens feel bad for ol boy .
all i kno is make them hoes cone joints .
tiny out here looking like an albino red nose from a dope boys trap house .
he doesnt like you ya stupid bitch he likes ur idiot haha .
all i wanna do is get money and fuck model bitches russell .
can we make a thing .
that bitch gonna get a rug burn .
yah she was a hoe .
dont no nigga want a broke bitch .
my sexy french scally i love him sexy scally woof woof .
sent ideas in to they only seem to wanna hold in nice weather we need to run mock incidents in bad weather night .
all these so called real niggas and they hoes aint nuttin but some uncle amp aunt da .
i ordered 8 chocolate chip cookies amp this bitch gave me fries smh i couldnt even take the shit back because i was gon be late for work .
bare ass me again i cunt hear you .
lmao these niggas act like lil bitches .
nitin that is good to know generally just a bad word to use against women in general given the current politics .
why bitches act like i cant read or like words dont have a meaning .
jaredchase but lfr is .
bad bitch contest you in first place 128175 .
funnyjulius please win it all this year yankees .
one of my least favorite things is sending an abuse into the of a ticketing system and waiting for a human we can do better .
wish i had more milk for oreos lol .
mrmooncricket fuckthemallcops jimtalbot1963 theharris338 nigga i seen yo ass at da welfare center punk bitch aint worth my time .
saintneko i love rock band p .
these bitches aint playin a jealous woman does better research than the fbi .
im just on this hoe to laugh .
yay a new reason for people to hate me shove off .
bitch nicca talmbout a mf yall aint da lakers .
katandandre do you understand the meaning of karma mkr .
why did you give birth to me you bitch .
jawshoeeahhh that dont mean youre not balling lol shut up hoe lol .
this being too sick to function is for the birds i was starting to feel slightly better i feel like death again .
im gonna be ghetto and color over the stain with a ctfu .
i just be fucking these bitches these niggas be cuffin these hoes .
anansi234 nah a really bad data scientist with the worst ever .
xdsmooth im not goin oml im finna drop this bitch .
i kinda miss i use to be threw dat bitch lol never in class lmao .
bitches be 17 in the 9th grade talking about where my bae at no bitch where ya credits at .
niggas is hoes 2 .
sorryimalex bc taylorcaniff is trash why would he lie about that i told you hes real .
thebloodshow i hate typing something so detailed amp somebody respond with huh bitch im finna type the same thing twice dumb bitch .
bros before hoes except chicks with no clothes everywhere .
so tired of yall hoes giving a shout out to yall moma talking bout she aint raise no hoe .
can someone treat me to some im broke bitch over here .
feminism should be what rosie is doing just blows my mind feminism against woc holy crap .
yo fuck for that commercial givin bitches ideas to run over guys video games id cut a bitch over that .
seriously two couples who could actually cook are gone while two others clearly should not even be on the show in mkr .
they should free all da real niccas n give the da time .
im not but breaking bad gtgt better call .
fuck ms patrick that bitch cant teach for shit .
i dont understand why a simple technical definition is giving them so much of a problem they seem to think excessive .
said moms 21 and over get free ball caps on mothers day basically all you young hoes with kids dont get one lol .
men have the entire world to their every whim yet still think theyre .
can really hold phone convos in my house with this trash ass service .
128514rt when yall hoes going to learn how to 128588128588 .
like 4 are magical on a every and of .
just get rid of the two big mkr .
im just matching wit my fam bitch .
my tweets aint shit but you bitches aint either 128514 .
you tha hoe .
open mouf kissing my nig love him some kissing smh .
bonnoxxx 128514 nah bitch u addicted to fasho fuc molly tht shit 1 time and lean so stfu hoe ass go on sum thot .
you a fucking wigger so stfu .
who is good at what do they need to be safe mkr .
divamonroe2uhoe somebody find this bitch amp fuck her she aint had no good dick fucking with this fat nigga http8230 .
let the jig .
let niggas hate bitches loving it .
now now jimmy want to talk trash wouldve shouldve couldve now chris stop talking and spitting .
black bitches think its ok to clap they hands when they getting into an argument bitch stfu before i steal yo .
tonyjrodriguez not a fob fan nor in the know but fuck you is a poor argument for anything after .
lil bitch follow me .
i always dat i has mo while followers den colored .
you u done made a funny nigga come i got trannies come at .
that awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it like bitch you better back the fuck up .
bitch im on bitch im on my thug .
awwwww alex smith broke his pussy .
good lord bianca is so done with this fool drasko mkr .
jihadis turn washington national into for friday prayers lnyhbt ccot teaparty gop tgdn .
strubbestition its really fucking destroying my brain trying to come up with a human that is not at its base an opinion deep .
kirtaner digiranger1994 im not down with tactics like that especially since im a ks later .
get here mt sierra virginiacity offers a fun break from the slopes sweet deal .
is my .
cause im as free as a bird now and this bird you can not change 127926 .
hit me with plans nigs .
iammatticus several p .
dance monkey dance .
lol i followed the bitch just so i can unfollow her cause she talkin shit shit away with her two .
yankees beautiful derek jeter cage in park .
bitch you .
bryneaux i hate cats .
cactus is a yellow lab chow mix too was everybodys active buddy cactus is one special shes an angel .
meatballs arent even a breakfast meal worst decision ever mkr hungrycampers .
the xbox one would be so much cooler if they put a bird on it .
is a little bitch cause he never dm me .
yall black ass hoes aint east african .
punk ass bitch .
time bitch .
is the of rape culture avoid alex women .
free my brother and bitches .
those kisses on the mirror look like cats mkr .
yo bitch she jet .
lilbthebasedgod ultimate bitch mixtape is done words from lil b lil b .
lohanthony id never send my kids to private school because then they would never experience ghetto public school fights .
cheeky lol i want those all black and yellow again ughh i those .
reasons to be a mermaid no periods no pants perfect hair u get to lure men into their free .
i hate bitches in general but my people really get on my fucking nerve sometimes .
yall bitches want a good dude but cant be real at all then want to blame them for their reaction to your bullshit grow the fuck up .
so yall niggas really love these hoes with nigga qualities roll the blunt better than you and she wifey now8230 .
hey bitches ill be in tonight so dial the digits 128527 .
all yall bitches corny lol .
slbgngeddie 8220whitethunduh on boys im a retard all the time .
mo is so cant say it enough fam 128530 .
prediction obama will leave the democratic party in 128563 oh gosh i hope so really is a bitch .
chriswarcraft pixelfish in wod you see and his wife as children come .
leanandcuisine bitch where you see a katy or perry in that pic katy perry is so fit 128525128525 .
ijosborne thats the same one i linked p .
having sex with a guy wont keep him around for you dumb hoes who think that theres plenty pussy just gotta have a guy who wont give in .
thought jane was safe with the score of 92 did they forget or i missed the announcement mkr .
idc about yall bitches yo .
you better watch your hoe she fuckin everybody .
these bitches are taking doe .
gifs via teapot .
i hate wen a bitch fart den be like bitch clearly u did ill let a kno wen im fin to .
team john in this bitch 128588128588 .
make my burger bitch 128514128514 .
im with 3 bitches amp 2 of em mix .
dickc i like you respect .
cheeky thoughts as the crows .
so my mom told me she put my drug in the trash the shitty life of a stoner with a cop mom im pretty upset .
idntwearcondoms yall bitches got to stop pushing away the niggas who really care about yall for these niggas who dont give a fuck .
bardofpeace indeed some people are perhaps a bit more protective in that regards than i would like .
so dont fucking tell me youre not sexist because you were sexist attitudes that someone else has to be funny youre not helping .
im about to get all the pussy .
where da ratchet hoes at .
sorry comic book it was the day after i bought my first issue of that gailsimone left the project .
tpwrules i can prove that my code is in freebsd and there are articles that state that freebsd is running on the ps3 and ps4 .
trevaughnlg yall both up aint tht a bitch huh lol .
i dont trust girls8221 cant trust these hoes .
got kicked out of classes bc i laughed at a guy and called him a pussy for out every time he drank .
im gonna tell my friend not to buy your now dumb chink pussy .
your opinion has been and destroyed im not sexist but football is a man thing .
you little stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin with you .
i put her pussy on the map .
chickencoleman if wasnt trash thats a td .
she a hoe not a housewife 128527 .
it is that our bodies are so in bed with corporate interests and that they think we wont notice .
just because tony romo at the game dont mean he still not a bitch lmao fuk them lol bitch fuck you .
nope its just yellow .
pay back a bitch aint it .
my neck my back lick my pussy and my crack .
except its not the best looking instant restaurant it looks like two 13 year olds put it together mkr .
wordtothewise how many times did you listen to that pussy song today .
no honey you cant win this competition mkr .
giving a ted talk has been one of my goals for forever i just had to find the thing i was passionate about found it .
bitch u kno my game tight .
my walmart count as designer these niggas hoes in designer clothes 128557 .
when jake was mad happy and hugged muscle faced at the end of 1 i was like yeah them bitches bout to win it all .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx blonde tranny whore gets and .
buckm00se i seen what you look like not talk shit you dirt looking bitch .
stupid ltltlt fuck 128530 .
mmmm sure dont seem like it lmfao but yess ill be that bitch now are you done .
yelled out come on bitch at myself by myself lifting weights as guys you always have my back .
this bitches need to get it right your so wid it .
bitch alive .
if you think ive been an bitch lately just be glad ive stayed quiet on 3 of the around .
talkin i took yo bitch and broke her knees .
theres not enough day in the hours to cheat on her if shes sucking your dick right too to look for other mouth and pussy .
kitttyjpg steezeyflow you were the one that jumped in this conversation you smelly ass bitch just fuck off and thats it .
burn forever bitch .
these bitches be judging like they experience life and in the billion dollar club im highly favor amp doing pretty damn well 128129 .
another high point was a hungarian calling me cheat fuck and cheat pussy for doing well .
joebudden nigga can8217t even feel up on a bitch in a pic without the girl u fuckin getting mad smh .
i hate when boys keep chasing a bitch that treat them like they any nigga 128529 .
this good shiner .
them hoes look so clean on foot .
amp you guys thought and shovel girl were crazy she snapped this bitches nose .
he lived long and leonard nimoy reported dead at 83 .
you be smokin my dick bitch .
jasonbentley ill shoot you a dm when ive got a solid .
looking thru my i dont think ive done that since my book got some hoe ass niggas in it i .
like animal crackers are legit the best snack .
smell like stank ass pussy .
femshaveballz what an unfortunate clothing choice hoes with the crooked belly ring the dumb trash perfectly .
school is so pointless im just trying to pass the class and get out this bitch .
westsideflee out here sending hoes clean off 128514128514128514128514 .
my latest re the road to is with white ladies http .
it totally does smells like brownies every day i walk to work .
heilsidious because either way that makes you a bitch .
who told this midget hoe to start stripping .
nah really the man at bg breh nigga got random bitches at the bar coming up to me like i attend the university this is crazy .
free that hoe 1x 128520 .
victorsmith90 dont matter still knock bitches out .
mykitchenrules hot pot come on girls about as technical as a ham and cheese disappointing mkr .
i support ghazi as one of the few safe for many people that are victims of gamergates harassment .
if you have that lil pussy stomach dont wear no tight clothes shit is .
white people need those weapons to defend themselves from the trash your sort on us .
so i basically become a bitch when im mad .
lipethegreat lipethegreat shut up zoe fight me pussy8221 for zoe im good man you are good maam move along now .
bad bitches aint cheap better pass her if u broke .
looks like the yankees will be with boston for the east this year mlb .
lifes a bitch and then ya die thats why we get high .
rip 1041243 i dont know him but i know a darkskin niggah in the hood named getting shot tonight .
i was gone for 2 days dont her bitch ass miss me .
youve got no sole .
alexander .
cant stand when i see a female just get out of relationship amp 2 days later their talking to another guy hoes gonna be hoes smh .
this bitch isnt pretty shes just showing off her body in pictures shes nasty .
then this happened .
if you talk the talk you gotta walk the walk do the girls know the recipe for humble pie mkr .
oh robert hey there mkr .
ya kno nigga got two ieatpie when the lil bitch start tweetin shell see these tweets or someone will snitch .
i swear i needa go on n go back to the old me because bitches think its a game apparently lets be real .
glad none of my followers can say they fucked yall hoes really make this a goal .
god damn birds .
causewereguys marilyn monroe was the biggest hoe of all time bitches worship her like she got a nobel prize and all she did was .
hey if i a spider and monster together and chug it would i definitely be or just maybe asking for a friend .
if i ever a crime you can as being the sole influence .
so trash on the offensive side of the floor dude real life doo doo water .
wit better bars already bitch yall dun all da way up .
you know what im into nigga money amp expensive bitches .
if was a player theyd pump him with and tell him to stop being a pussy .
gaminglennseto leonarddelaney bam .
i am a a hillbilly heart hahahahaha jesus murphy .
katampandre monday people have voted strategically how rude katampandre tonight votes strategically for the third time in  .
your girls pussy smells like sour cream and .
128514128514128514 burnt pussy lips .
strawberry with whipped cream yellow amp sliced picked from the farm w my kids .
if this ugly to you you either a gay nigga or a hating ass bitch .
evanbecker513 whattheflocka omg youre a nigger .
these bitches need to get out of bed and ill make them .
fuck that she better my face you8217re a grown man and think eating pussy is .
kinghov1313 at work imma real uncle .
chickowits i cant really hate the kids i mean they are just young stupid uneducated no life experience who hasnt been there .
i think it was in america too .
looking at the royals and wondering what could have been if we didnt the yankee farm system .
taitaisanchez i hate lifting is a lot more fun and gets your heart rate up if youre doing it right .
kensuttling him as well they like their fried the spear .
1dittlinger jay i think once someone has from and is retarded people shouldnt .
who cooks in a library mkr .
all ive asked is for one thing amp one thing only but i get more then what most bitches could ever have but still .
kat amp andre the most hated mkr team in australia what a revolting couple mkr2015 .
no more speculation no more mock drafts its finally draft day .
riding in that ooo bitch its nasty .
im i wanna be ur friend please shall i .
this bro is just apart a bird about 10 feet from us hawk .
maple bacon yum mkr .
my bitch too .
inthekcmix acted like a bitch when doc left for la 128514128514 .
mkr how do you actually eat that shit .
slut ass queen bee bitch .
a and are not competitive mkr .
128175 loyal pussy .
when youre cooking for the public a safe option is a good option you want more people mkr .
rob and dave better win this bacon mkr .
hard 2 keep the hoes off me .
better play your part bitch dont be a smart bitch cuz i might have a change of heart .
17 as much as i didnt like katie amp nikki in their first episode ive begun to hate kat amp andre so much more over the last week mkr .
first time with 3 lol we hit that hoe .
theres a lane some bitches need to stay in 128526 the left n get right the fuck outta our face .
i laugh oreos and lady gaga on a sunday day .
shitting on these crusty hoes .
blacklivesmatter if youre tired of waking up to news that another black life has been ended at httptco .
i swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me .
you have a tail mkr .
i am one of those people who needs so damn often that im not the ugliest bitch in the world .
punch a bitch on her lip hahaha .
get it now immunity on mkr not having to do the challenge i was wondering where 4 of the teams were .
i wonder if i have my very own spook following me by now .
uh cody called me a punk ass bitch and i said i think you meant to say boss ass bitch but ill let it go ctfu 128514 .
popehat satoshiksutra darktechmonitor i live in san francisco i dont judge .
i got hella hoes .
its really hard to talk about abuse amp leave it with a positive message call to action is important to not discourage women from industry .
de hi mkr .
really aint nuttin to cut that bitch off .
stevestockmantx didnt you the brilliant idea of college students heat you are a dumbass teabaggers .
dylanw but i can tell you that how he responded the language everything was 100 typical of dudes i see being of women .
the empty chair gdc 2015 .
cast .
photo morning bitches .
tomcatstraight hey fag gag on my .
some girls think being a bitch and having an attitude is attractive who tf made you think that .
gotta put it back in rotation vianawf aint heard u lil stupid ass bitch in a minute fam u slackin lol .
ridin round blowin loud fuck hoes by the crowd lil verse on my lil niggas is a str8 hip hop classic .
when bitches in the library start acting up .
never left hip hop fans just turned into hoes literally ratchet broads that pretend to like .
hey nig .
farm remembers .
when bitches get they be like .
oomf pussy probably taste like the patty secret formula .
hoe you are doing good too .
funkyrefresh superspacedad glinner im sorry wat .
i was so happy to hear manu take that dig clearly the message didnt sink in disgraceful katampandre mkr .
child song say my name is the insecure bitches anthem .
this niggah like hangin up on niggahs in mid sentence .
my bitch stfu game strong asf .
the entire history of from my birth to now .
dylanw also from a fellow to another butthurt is generally upon as a .
jillwetzler it that i didnt deserve my job that im just there for show it attacks the person not the problem .
guns are fucking corny put down your assault and up i wanna go hand to hand with all the nra pussy ass spoke .
tony romo in my bitches8221 .
i lt3 nayadrikj because she has randiebooks and lived to tell the tale .
who else is looking forward to kat and andres elimination mkr .
wake up bitches .
sweharris comattwow i blocked him just now he wont get out of my mentions please remove me from this conversation .
this nigga on the train treating his bitch over the phone lmao .
not at my computer will report a bug with search amp blocks later not sure if this is or not but it seems .
no saving hoes .
i know i must make a lot of yall hoes sick amp all i can tell you hoes get used to it bitch8221 .
i woke up in a bed full of bitches that i aint fuckin .
truenovacane ufuckinright hell nahh if a bitch had respect for her own damn body she wouldnt wear that shit in public .
nobeeetch comes home was her pussy whos oh never mind .
had to unfollow that bitch thot bitch got me fired from mustve tweeted .
a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the moviesno u might be stupid if u pay 499 8230 .
kensuttling chase me charlie of his over i your ae .
49ant when you tryna get bitches on linkedin .
light is trash yuck i dont even like beer .
eh take off hoser .
also yesyoureracist .
13 homosexual .
im not going out my way 2 make sure bitches know nothing just pay attention .
i dont want my man lookin yet alone to you hoes im not insecure at all yall hoes cant be trusted .
bitch nigga .
dem niccas run plays too quick .
she wonder why im into her when all these hoes be into me .
lets these hoes be hoes thats all we know .
leave all the bitchin to bitches8221 .
wodaeeex3 dat was befo da fact hoe shut yo ass up 128581 .
shit that says its fatter than my cunt .
the radio is trash .
128514 yea ion do i barely do but i wanted to try something dif i get tired of nigger foods .
discordianslip i hope my fuzzy head doesnt too much .
i highly doubt youre a real woman youre prolly a fat ass man who fuckin cares let me do me ho .
imneverchillin you get drunk with a bitch and u try and grab her ass she get all offended well excuse me bitch i thought u were a hoe .
no no no no i am a sock dont be an i dont need more socks after .
she that yeah only the baddest of bitches 1x .
statement of the day ppl who are even dumber than he is the ole birds of a feather type of deal .
omg stepdad with ms is a sweetheart but i might kill him if he one more time through this living room where im sleeping .
wodaeeex3 bitch i ainn i go str8 to class my teacher lame af .
those spatchcock are still alive mkr .
yep they are just as pretty as that plate all the pieces are there just not put together properly mkr .
normally but nope .
so mad we live in a world where whitey can go to jail for a word other folks wear right on their hats amp if i wore that shirt .
kat and andre fuck up youre both oxygen mkr mykitchenrules .
i hate drinking by myself everyones so fucking boring now fuck you guys ill be fun by myself pussies 999665039 .
surprising how big of a pussy hulk is .
when someone uses my last name to introduce or address me i always feel like im in trouble .
retweet if you see a ratchet hoe on your timeline .
these niggas pillow talkin thats hoe shit .
yea im on my ipad i dont work this friday lets ball this faggot up work 25 .
ily 2 im at work bitch do you even have any battle ready blades .
i wasnt born lastnight i know theses hoes aint right 128080 .
okay you got hoes from left to right 128514128514 do yah thang .
yall know what im thankful for ya bitch lmaoo my sister funny .
fast than a bitch with the look like you out there i wish .
zoe quinn gamergate developer how to protect yourself business .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
danielleisanerd go fuck yourself lt3 .
have 2 team members sticking with this for now thanks everyone .
cant fuck around wit young niggas cause they be acting like hoes .
yeah its really far and its alright if you like living by a whole lot of hicks haha .
pvp time selfie warlords .
also you can only refer to a girl as bitch if she has sucked your d .
damn thats a cold ass honkie .
lol have fun 128516 i havent been to a race since hs charlotte crazy redneck times lol .
brownbagpantry or perhaps twitters userbase and humanity at large everyones a jerk sometimes .
nedgilmore you were the rogue i dont usually when im .
mkr officially lost any respect for collin that i had left .
yall hoes believe anything though .
evanbecker513 just hit it pussy whattheflocka .
i feel sorry for whoever using number to play phone games dumb ass hoes who aint got a life .
bsilverstrim77 dear daily mail you misogynist pile of twats .
birds of a feather you stand with peta i stand with .
what the fuck kind of redneck commercial was that indycar .
1sonofyahweh no wonder you run nose first for yo real nigger amp white devil or any man pointing at another to convince u he is less .
retweet if you see the bird .
pregnant at the same time and bitches think thats cute .
need to get laid 128514128514128514128514 sike im be like .
i wanna eat weed brownies but then i ask my self if i really wanna spend hours watching a on sea .
lol she blocked you little bitches these days 128526 .
seeing these cute women in my tl tweeting about how they are into chicks amp i just want to be the most person ever like hey .
you sneaky son of a bitch you .
dailysexsupply am i really a fag if im liking that video .
this shit trash .
the guy got excited when he saw oreo cookie he thought i was making pie he was bummed when he realized it was cheesecake .
i am not a bitch i am the bitch so that is ms bitch to you .
i just realised my library books are if anyones looking for a bad bitch .
8220funnypicsdepot bitch in the middle look like a daddy long leg 128557 .
id rather have gozleme for breakfast instead of a plate of pancakes mkr .
lmao little does this bitch .
i thought it was beyond retarded not scary at all .
my nickname is grandma gtgt .
youre such a pussy 128514128514 .
the american pancakes look yum so does that maple bacon hungrycampers mkr .
tomcatstraight come over queer .
they took it there bro you know im civil vikkinosecrets wait a minute lol dont get ghetto v .
i been way to consistent on niggas im have to drop some trash to get appreciated .
this mexican bitch almost just hit me with her car and she over the speed bump just so she could do it omfg .
farewellcaptain espn what a way for derek jeter to close his yankee stadium career .
carter needs to shut the fuck up fucking bitch ass always trying to start shit .
c is for is for ur a is for not sure u know this but ur a is for turn around bitch ur a cunt .
oh well you lil stupid ass bitch i dont fuck with is a bitter ass song and only fuck niggas like it .
the key to ending poverty is by giving women and girls real power .
yea bitch 128514 how dat shit feel .
needed .
fuck all you hoes lol .
yo bitch stay lookin like a clown .
it is just short of paying my rent after all fees so i cant complain though its doing better than i thought it would .
stupid and aint got hoes .
well that makes sense .
ghetto bird cant fly away from my hood .
late night studio i got that ya life .
idntwearcondoms women who need to be put in their place are trash you are a human not a pet bitch relax .
the note say stop being a bitch heres some flowers lt3 gets em everytime .
i said it in 2014 too likely 2013 2012 2011 might want to attribute all the years .
so to them side hos that know they the side hos we need more of ya .
you don8217t listen when i talk maybe listen when i that bitch still wont listen .
i feel a lot of ppl trash talking indie for all sounding the same but i think any youre not v into to sound 8230 .
first thing she wit ya next minute she against ya like that hoe from the clippers .
charlie4927 hi charlie have a great day .
shanea1 boy wat in dat bitch eatin lunch err other tellin ya .
jkwest is retarded son .
maybe mkr katie amp nikki should open an icecream store since its only best thing the ppl over the dinner table idk it could work 4 em .
see thats why ya ass never need to go out tryna go ape .
ugh hes mine bitches hes mine amp mine only thats my baby my man just know amp be aware thats me8221 128079128079128079 .
its not even the fact that its 1d cause they always play 1d its because it was ready to run and that isnt even a single d mkr .
i didnt sell for was 80 .
eat the pussy like a real nigga hungry .
coz no one else will mkr .
wtf was drake asking us to pull over so he can get my bitch i8217m fuck you drake .
someone please tell me that kat amp andre get sent home tonight mkr .
in my opinion is a spot on description of how some of atlanta is dumb hoes and niggas ratchet broads and stupid arguments .
i ran out 128553 this hoe just texted me asking to borrow a roll of until tomorrow .
want to touch tha to touch the .
my little lemon tarts mkr .
chlldhoodruiner she paid 5 to hold the monkey and look what he did this monkey real af .
everyone staring at me like whats this bitch doing here .
kevinthegee ok i just wanted to know bitch at if youre not here im out .
laugh again kat mkr .
where some see a gun control or a mental illness tragedy millions of us see the natural extension of an everyday .
jakelewis44 im out this bitch .
a culture where abuse is and targets of abuse are mocked for speaking out against their .
international police operation disrupts shylock banking the .
jawshoeeahhh lol thanks bitch hahah vegas aint ready for us lol .
ltlt closet muzzie .
when bitches say darkskin niggas fuck the best this all i see .
felicity182 a pussy in ur mouth is a really good stress doctors recommend .
huffingtonpost jane rocks a bikini at 62 crazy aunt jane is at it again .
can we stop deconstructing desserts please lets start a campaign lets get some names on a lets start a march mkr .
pallehoffstein cranboonitz freebsd keeps getting emails about me as well yknow the open source os i used to contribute to .
this bitch come up and pull her titty out what do you do the more the .
i hate ghetto bitches with a passion .
for the light pussies .
or continue to be a bitch thats cool too .
nice baby bump bitch .
shoutout to the time when someone ggautoblocker made changes and gamergate thought i did it because they didnt understand github .
now if you like with instead of faggot i might be gay .
reminds me of oreos lmao .
holy shit .
if i fuck a nigga bitch ima just record it an keep fuckin her til she play dumb then ima have to show him .
callmerenee the beat tho im trying bone .
i think youre in a bad mood from munching on hairy pussy .
mkr has now lost credibility .
slide in that hoe dms like .
imma knock the pussy out like fight night .
28 basically you cant be bold and be a hoe at the same time .
im just looking for a bitch that can hold me down .
all these break ups gon be a crazy hoe free agency this summer .
sweet i use an iphone because i am not a peasant .
every zoo is a zoo if youre not a pussy .
nah i aint no hoe niggah no bitch niggah rich niggah with the shits niggah chipped niggah .
lov3tadaisha 128514128514128514128514128514128514 i gotta keep my hoes on private .
the older i get the less i give a fuck 1285149996 beef 128074 bitch please 9995 loosing friends bitch bye drama ill pass .
niggas be pressed for pussy it aint nothing .
how do you have a beautiful female and still find a way to fuck w ratchet hoes i dont get it8221 .
chriswarcraft bey i am so sorry you are still a national treasure .
presented without comment .
blah in all honesty i just need some pussy thats it .
yeah lil nigga i was homecoming king and still been getting bad bitches as u see 999665039 .
my rapper name would be nigger .
yeah you played me yeah you got what you wanted but jokes on you you about to be a daddy bitch .
kensuttling the spear are flooding into park .
me too im finna look for tht know bout a cont .
damn some oreos would be so fucking clutch right now .
dallas hoe why .
i made out with 3 bitches .
ash amp camilla are my favourites and i missed them sorry mkr .
sudden mkr .
i apologize morgan but a bitch was blind for a whole 35 seconds .
did you hear that thats the sound of a bunch of women in tech setting up filters to emails from ninaburleigh to good job .
if the purge come to my city ima be like bitch is active as shit .
lebronvuitton hoes when i feel like it .
coleycee bitch watch tf out u on moose meat now .
when guys throw stupid bitch fits its like grow some balls please i have bigger balls than you .
my views are by my former tax and although i like the idea of flat tax doesnt work well at .
no but he did make a show of trying to answer a question about didnt even know his fellow white dude .
dont got time for bitches to be actin iffy .
i love how sweet girls have sweet pussies .
big bitches be sayin why yo eyes all on my stomach bitch why yo stomach all in my eyes .
statistics dont lie if you like gun control youre a queer guy fd .
my dog has vomited better meals than that mkr .
two over a bitch lol gtfoh .
why do peeps gotta be mad ghetto nowadays smh pull up your pants .
why u being such a little bitch chris you aint six bitch mom .
adam west lmao this is trash b .
youre irrelevant bitch .
blackmanusa well thats some cracker jack secret service work there anyone .
you was so to be a hoe you didnt even read 8220djzeeti twitpic a selfie wearing a http8230 .
im really chill i talk to everyone im far from being a stuck up bitch .
nike beanies .
well have more info out about this soon .
lmaoo pacdagoat tyga wife hoes and teenagers his life sucks .
pinto con carne .
a lot of i fucked up call me back this bitch is tripping lol .
it me when a ugly girl has a bad bitch attitude .
of course the day i nip out with shit hair amp wearing my favourite stolen hoodie is the best time to bump .
it always looks so nice i was gonna buy this yellow one .
im scared of pussy too good lol .
focus is split between the dog and the fact that i really need pants that dont fall down p .
lovemycoffeetoo explained it at the end of last nights show in about 1 minute mkr .
say fuck that niggah he soo weak 1041204 he cant tell that you a freak that you aint lookin for love .
hey u just followed me not long ago gonna nip that in da bud like ur bio tho u know the white devils stole our our .
gamergate is now literally an industry joke badass httptcoumdk2gubtg .
righteouz lmfao i remember all the rednecks in my school with that shit lol .
wondering if there would be value in refusing to answer quotes for press that upon wadhwa stopwadhwa2015 .
the only i still have from them are just the tie dye ones monkey edition black and silver and the ones .
thedouch3 stay safe and remember if u a girl and u on ur period dont go to a party jus stay home u gross as shit .
kanye might be the first nigga to save a this a original tweet .
i really dont be pressed for bitches on social i talk to them yes do i want them .
i dont care about none of these bitches .
your a big to be having in your my lol drop it out .
na nigguh i dont know how you rock .
either yall niggas just hella funny or she just tryna hoe around the block but you know .
can someone please explain to me why are the birds so angry amp destroying pigs homes .
dive in the pussy like .
ok who should stay and who should go mkr .
wait n as in nick or m as in mick 128514128514 .
niggas really be over these hoes ona gram thats the reason they got the big head now .
8220highclasscapri whatevaittakes woke up and bitches was not here wasnt angry wit my hoes128514 .
mansion tonight bitch gtgtgtgt .
someone probably told him 6 god was trash .
i see the same .
chilblane yay i went last year and had to make new friends i hate making new friends i didnt know anyone else going .
i surrounded my bad bitches i cant keep them out my 128514 .
happy teen wolf heres me with getting ready to bitch slap a .
we are passionate about this we have the experience amp are surrounded by a great amp supportive industry thank you for all your support .
meet me later for a reach around charlie crist .
yourdudeferg i wish you wood like a tree in this bitch .
boats n hoes .
someday a gater will have an regarding the definitions for this unbelievable feat will be a sign of the .
you getting new pussy and not sharing .
i really want that pork crackling mkr .
stop looking us and go eat some pussy you fucks .
tornado atleast ill be dying with you guys and this ho8230 .
trying so hard to resist the urge to smack a bitch .
jundishes thank god im just an old redneck bitch from memphis tn and not a troll .
well bitch biology said who said 2 females cant make a baby together thats all me .
a bitch can look like a million dollars wit sum garbage ass pussy .
he got hoes for sell shop with him lmfao .
that shit could break you down if you lose a good girl i guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up .
itsdorry school doesnt even test your it tests ur tests my ability to keep calm and not slap a bitch .
dont be with a bad bitch that just looks good find a good woman that tells you when youre slippin and you to8230 .
like bitch its the struggles to use the stairs let ppl get on 128074 .
82201bookieg hoes always say they a rider bitch stfu and ride this 128557 .
imyungjay grab me some bitches while u up there lmao oh and a belt .
i thought you had some fucked up birth that made your nips heart shaped lmao .
chill im not a coon sick of you fake ass coons lol .
cannot believe they made it through are they just going to give everyone a 1 for the rest of the comp feistyfoodies mkr mykitchenrules .
who needs twinkies when you got .
i planned on getting stuff done today but ended up sleeping the day away fu ovaries .
hoes be bringing they friends around they nigga and they nigga end up fucking with the bitch friend and the bitch dont even kno .
never happen too much republican redneck oil money sad butt true .
missclarolyn bloody colin maybe he should go to mkr .
ill make this simple .
mykitchenrules when manu tries to steal your pork crackling mkr .
all the bitches in are straight .
i really hope these girls do a good desert mkr .
poor annie and lloyd mkr .
hurry up nigga this the last key they dont know where the safe at to get in that bitch you need a glass key .
there seems to be 2 ways to in mkr cook excessively about not getting a fair go and give or u know cook well .
these hoes crazy yo .
lmao im 25 years old im tryna have some fun im a hoe .
my nigga back in the bitch .
haha yuhh that hoe was funny .
friendlyassh0le if i got something to say to you ill you until then dont be concerned about my tweets bitch .
you can mock michelle obamas video but the is now third in line of for president https8230 .
manstagram when i make the paper ball into the trash can .
never change ill never wife ah bitch .
lol ok cunt .
senorsteez i cannot fuck with a broke bitch 128175 .
basedamerican ayo take this pic for me famyou think the bitches gon fuck with this pic .
bitches be set like bitch get your life for u get beat up lmao8221 .
foley linked to british jihadi ring via .
some bitches just have no luck with men lmao maybe youre the problem sweetheart it cant all be our fault lol .
so yanks have signed brian mccann amp has it they still want robinson cano babe ruth miguel .
being coons at tiffanyp0rsche yall are .
be safe kids is another prime night for rapists watch out for each other dont get separated have a plan .
ive had to do it in multiple classes aint really that rare also dont call your teacher a bitch on twitter .
and i cant be known for fucking wit a trash bitch .
mykitchenrules will mkr history be made tonight coming up next .
other then the faggot shit macklemore actually a really good than alot of rappers .
you cant call a bitch a bitch if youre a bitch .
cuz its 187 how im killin these hoes .
that bitch filthy .
shriekapotomos crashoverridenw hi i still saw your tweet one im female obviously two this isnt helping .
1bookieg if he fuck yo bitch u should be happy like damn boosie fucked my bitch lmao .
words were said the gaters free speech alas speech may be free but not of consequences .
i really wish i owned a rocket launcher to use on every retard driving in front of me today .
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots .
hanging out in the dice lounge at if anyone wants to stop by and say hi .
ill find a cute to date next year 1285278221 .
omg cringe at the intro mkr .
suzannecarbone australian womens weekly reports pete evans book over dangerous paleo recipe for babies .
8220funnypicsdepot realist bitch to ever step foot on a soccer field every team has a bitch like this .
gezus maniac3x buckm00se but never to moose lol log off faggot your finished .
ya last nicca couldnt beat it i hit it like a free throw .
ariana is probably the next beyonce bitch if you dont back the fuck up .
funny dev joke my sense of humor is weird .
shutup faggot to thotcho took them a .
if a bitch has to fuss over a niggah thats hugged up ampamp up w the next bitch clearly doesnt bout u .
or else we will lose s of our human rights .
i would try the main course but i would never touch the liver from the entree mkr .
basically im the shit bitch .
spurs its a a .
after a hoe gave you head and say its my turn .
when bitches i work with are on there period .
thot is a childish up and call that bitch a .
why is it always the fat bitches talking shit .
if yo girl cant have you a ol weak bitch ass nigga .
black girls hoes cause they fuck niggas for money revenge and dumb shit like that .
fucking davis eyes bitch .
go yankees .
its your girls friends that you gotta watch out for those the bitches that be tryna encourage her to leave you .
ya need a real nigga shawty so come amp throw that pussy .
said if i cover my face and leave just my eyes ill have tons of bitches .
at this rate the mkr final will be in december mkr .
no im not telling anyone what their score is then itll just turn into a contest for gamergate to try to win .
republicans take massachusetts gov race to charlie .
ltltlt getting his ass amp loving it im done with this gay whiney bitch next .
des hoes wishy washy 128074 .
i have never seen so many ignorant tweets in one place .
thevoiceofmiami a lot of yall hoes pretty until a nigga that avi .
i saw so many basic bitches just picking up my school schedule i kinda wanted to throw up tbh .
wish would stop being lazy and be a little come to bitch tyleryost misses you .
divamonroe2uhoe fuck candy eat pussy 128527 .
idk but i think niggas that like getting head are gay 1285141285141285148221 bitch what .
jillwetzler brentonpoke i fucking love in my ecig .
im a target regardless and my information was already public i have adequate physical security and the local police know who i am .
why yall hoes in such a hurry to be single mothers .
myalynnx3 freeze bitch 128514128514 .
fredosantana300 i fucked yo bitch dont get mad its nothing new i fuck everybodys bitch .
can someone show this tweet 128514128514 bitch blocked me .
aint shit but a spiteful side hoe she aint even fine .
lol you for being a dumb bitch .
i keep looking for amp but theyre safe right mkr .
i lose followers every year 100 bitches unfollowed me because of my hold on were going home rants a hoe is a hoe anthem .
if life hands you a hot potato try throwing it at two birds .
wizkhalifa respect the man with vision and a gang of bitches to follow it .
i could get hurt someone could come after me hell people have shown up at my office before ive been doxxed ive been threatened .
ima call his retarded ass .
distance is a fucking bitch .
katie and nikki smug condescending self and bland there mkr .
8220erikaj00 killin in 6 lies you trash .
the day i have clear skin will be the day im the happiest bitch alive .
peerworker evvykube but youll never have the freedom to wander around being a jerk without .
madcapocelot its beyond what i am of doing .
its the ding is far superior than the twinkie .
its insane they keep bringing people back when will this show end mkr .
i can tell from this tweet that youre a twat .
i used to think that bitch was bad but not no moe .
it .
was that a wedding i saw would you really want kat and andre catering your big day mkr .
2 adult human found in trash .
this knicks game is so retarded right now smh .
so six before passing out on the couch after watching eurotrash into the wee hours got it .
got it thanks hun ima text u .
its a unique challenge to feminist in a heated argument in your second language against three men .
waddup bitch i gotta get tf outta this town tonite .
she was always a pathetic mutt desperately seeking attention amp a purpose no matter what writes that will never change .
these brownies are bomb .
stevestfler white girls if your black boyfriend doesnt call you shawty then bitch you aint that special .
rihanna bitch u lying about account ugly indian .
edgy humor is edgy and .
kaylaalaa ha bitch i .
make me white trash cousin fucker .
eagles fans dont except the fact that been trash this year and that everybody figured out that spread .
kuroishi11 chroma .
shut up bitch nigga .
im scared to lose you cause i know you get bitches .
hes an idiot miserable trash excuse for a man .
twitter let you know who every hoe is in every city and country .
if u cant talk without talking about ur cunt mama im thru talking .
mykitchenrules no its obvious the producers want some action between the women for ratings mkr .
my hick accent comes out when i get around my family .
soo what you putting on those crackers .
believe it or not hoes get boring after awhile .
ew kat and andre are still in the comp mkr .
please stop comcast from with time and protect net neutrality you were a not a .
catching up on last nights mkr and yes kat amp andre are super annoying .
do yourself a favor and read this badass shit .
fuck all that and kisses i fuck all they bitches .
rule 8 do pussy ass shit sometimes like write her love notes write long about how youve never felt this way b8230 .
im tryn tell yall brah i went wit a slut n could not stop da bitch frm dat shit scary .
just learned that there was a japanese political plot to charlie chaplin back .
xpriceless bitch get punched tf out lol .
presented without comment .
pussy .
basedamerican ayo take this pic for me famyou think the bitches gon fuck with this pic .
callneeshcakey 128514 das new bae my bitch bad or naw lmao .
for more egregious cases for harassment we definitely need to be able to respond to those but most isnt this .
can you call someone a racist then call them white bitch in the same sentence without losing credibility .
nah some honkey lookin dude at .
if you pledge to the pussy .
mwlauthor now it worked i tried 3 times .
smh u got ebola now i stick my foot out to feel some and this bitch ass has the nerve to 8230 .
of course killed it me and my sis rocked that bitch hard committee .
can someone deconstruct drasko please perhaps another serve of sausage might gag him mkr .
those nudes were trash .
i wanted to show my mom her ted talk mom saw the search results and started to get what the fuss was about .
these hoes aint loyal .
well catch them hoes later stay on ya grind .
thats fucking low you two are pathetic mkr .
i dont wanna hear name come outta the mouth he couldnt be bothered then keep his pie ho8230 .
athenahollow freebsdgirl .
i would leave my crib and go somewhere but im pretty sure ill die cause if my bitch ass car sliding everywhere .
so you females feel like its ok to dress like a hoe smh i just hope i dont have a daughter please god .
triple6em96 hunglikerobby bbluedreamm i dont look like white trash im not pregnant and 17 gtfo i have hella gas so say something .
its basically what we already do in game p .
i wouldnt for derekisnormal these hoes out of control .
mykitchenrules girls please dont let the leftovers go to waist my dog would really appreciate it mkr .
mediacrooks report what u want but physically is also in case of .
some of yall are trash8221 mine pretty good .
i only fuck with bad bitches im stiff .
ion trust these bitches and ion trust these niggas .
beautiful color combination of pink orange yellow amp white a .
lnsanetweets im such a sarcastic bitch its beautiful .
joclark6 no bro love ya to lets get some an some tech 9 this bitch haha .
hoping annie and lloyd do well mkr .
so ya know thanks for that twitter http .
vex0rian i was there i remember the screams .
leelucas bitch you not coming .
how yall associate or even entertain that bitch ass nigga is beyond my .
your a .
if yo bitch only fucking with you bcuz of your money chances are any nigga with some money can fuck .
mum with me ur being a wee cunt and you cani deal with the fact im right .
pretty mkr .
mkr kat i dont like anything on tonights menu well go back to hungry then or eat the shit u served up the other night .
gay is not going to being away from the fresh meat mkr .
i dont hide bitch im high when im in public .
this world needs a build a bitch .
shouts out to all my goth bitches .
they say i wouldnt make it now them same bitches is calling my .
summerdawn1996 lol you being a cunt .
stunningstina come 2 it dont even matter but you dumb ass hoes gone fuck around your soul taken .
cousin why is there a bird on your its i poke thats facebook .
i dont trust these bitches .
i treat my bitches with respect .
alanau yay thank you sarahjeong i missed you and i worried .
salute a real nicca .
jeremiahfelt twitter email web .
lol bitch .
i will burn the building down .
thegags29 justlaurenb mylostgadget is same small sample survey you already .
veerenjubbal yes im like i have no idea what i am doing most of the time if im an inspiration were all fucked .
no sex bitch i only want the neck bitch .
wrote the absolute worst paper of my life last week and still got a b gotta love taking freshman english retards .
i find it pretty disgusting that you would reply about legs on a fucking tweet about the situation in gaza .
salacioussully tony drinking and saying what i cunt hear you bare ass me again .
you cant owe me shit i dont trust niccas .
if youre into online you should have to wear them around in real life so the rest of us know what a cunt you are .
seen a pic of nigs robbing a store caption on in lol i dont like pigs either but wtf .
they say you going too hard just rest ya eyes amp im just like why bitch i aint never seen ben franklin sleep .
iadorewomen a couple 128107 is a couple 128076 not a couple amp one not a couple amp some not a couple amp plenty 128107 no hoes no 8230 .
that hoe out there fat said it best .
mikediggem 2kkz she threw me that pussy bt i neva caught it gay .
girls cold den a hoe .
i fought a bitch ina minute cant wait .
ca physically from us in a natural disaster ca to separate as a as well .
lmaooooo bitches be like dumb ass nigga .
glad the proper competition is starting and even that colin is back mkr .
nimoy is not trained whelp its going to be a long night .
i once tried to be everything this bitch said she wanted in a man that shit didnt get me anywhere .
tastemylips57 she like imma stop talking to you because you vibing in them to me and come get this pussy in other words .
chickencoleman i need some hoes man real shit .
kingtunchi them same hoes that was fucking my dick turn on me lol tho .
you aint a real nigga without goal a to chase and a yellow bone bitch w some toes to paint .
i know youre going through a lot right now i can help with some of this dm or email randi at .
im guessing a total of for the sassy ones and the south africans will be as they should mkr .
this show will end on but theyll spring another surprise round with the contestants great great great mkr .
mkr sorry vicki and celine but ur baked eggs and tomato dish looks more like an abortion .
jets bills and dolphins all win how does sole possession of last place feel mr .
sees mother jones article feminism needs men laughs tab window .
if the judges didnt give their critique first the other contestants wouldnt know what to say theyre just copying the judges mkr .
lol i already made it im waiting on my brownies to finish 128526 .
these hoes be thirsty for attention .
how the fk are they models mkr .
whattheffacts this some bullshit bitch show lana .
they hating on you because they know you bad must be doing something right if you got these bitches mad .
they say crazy girls got the best .
pop that pussy .
firemunky i said im a vagina but not a fag who hasnt seen that movie .
128514rt i hate when people get on my bad side cause i honestly dont like to act like a bitch .
if im bad built ok yall built like yall got relationships bitch where mine 128533 .
all the hoes know who i rock wit 128175 .
mkr kat and andre must be feeling so fd at this stage it really doesnt matter what they say .
well they butchered that desert mkr .
fuck you and the bitches you talking to .
matt got the shades on tryin to a bitch .
nobody likes a dry sausage mkr .
maniacmind i dont got any beef with you but tell yo boy alex to stop acting like bitch and bring his duck ass up here .
its been a crazy early afternoon with freebsdgirl i her for her courage through all of this girldevweek  .
thank god now the real show can start mkr mkr2015 .
hits bluntbruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes but shes one of my hoes do i keep texting her httpt8230 .
moerasgrizzly ggautoblocker has been by oapi its been in ruby will have a new project out soon .
i still live with hope that one day a hot rich boy will fall in love with me even though im trash .
me pollo so that lol .
karmas a bitch my nigga .
friggin the 2 of u r disgraceful with absolutely no of good sportsmanship or qualities mkr .
the price is wrong bitch .
all i want is cheesy bread and brownies 128523 .
spacekatgal woke up to see pc is steam games in 20 hours this is amazing thank you .
ima pull up eat on that pussy and dip .
thats who dumb bitch .
krislisisms hot trash .
her pussy like me her heart like fuck it .
huffingtonpost looks like any other little porch monkey to me .
thompsonera pretty boy thanks faggot .
fuck a have fun with that when the tranny fails on you after miles .
1inkkofrosess my ears look good hoe in yo background .
drop her off dat bitch a be walking if i wus driving .
worldstarfunny when ling ling talkin shit amp u finally understand her .
unicorncowboy lvl7eevee hisorraya mutha better bring me all the brownies ever .
im actually with my boys right now your ass is with your mom amp dad watching make you his bitch .
love getting nudes from my bitches .
lebron doesnt turn 30 til december he made 5 faster than kobe mike or bird hell be back yal act like hes .
hits bluntbruh if she tells me to go text my other hoes but shes one of my hoes do i keep texting her httptco8230 .
am i the one seeing austin rivers out play theofficialeg10 bitch ass tonite .
all i want is a 100 million dollars and a bad bitch .
yesallwomen because once at a louis show he said how do you make an old woman you take a young woman and just ruin her .
midnightsnacka nick504 u look like that fat kid on charlie the that got stuck it the chocolate tube .
markemer ruby seems like it would have a lot of stuff that you dont have to learn so i can write code in it but far to go .
ripvuhsace math is fucking useless algebra 2 not gon help me pull bitches the fuck .
i wouldnt want my girl showing her to every niggah 1285309995 .
me hoe .
adorable tiny monkey in a sink is the cutest video youll see this weekend http8230 .
come on everyone kat and andre are just pulling in the viewers and we just want them to be around to everyone up mkr .
i only really have the time to respond to media everything that gg writes about me would be too time .
selling ex brownies in front of to pregnant women .
being for past relationships is one of the many bullshit things dudes do to silence women especially women in tech .
lolololol not to be a hoe but that was a one .
de wife in is the second biggest cunt of all time first is still mother in blow .
note about days in a month these hoes selling pussy for 10 a pop lol .
youtube bear vs monkey bike race .
gidgitvonlarue mkr im actually finding myself shutting down every time kat talks .
real nigga speaking paperchaysin you sound like a bitch8221 .
up too early the damn birds are still chirping smh .
colin has the kid gloves on tonight they must be the producers favourites they seem to like the dessert what about the mkr .
small titty bitches pierced nipples look like .
20tolife how could u do this to me bitch .
if i dont get my dick sucked at yo party by a bad bitch im fr gone set it off 128514128514128514128514 by .
hahaha i see you niggah .
my two main wiggas and i .
dirty whore i love you but you a hoe but i love you jesus is watching .
i be in the pussy like .
she said pop can u make it rain i said bitch im a water i bring da flood ill make you drown .
im a ghetto ass nigga you suburban .
more spoilers too bad literally turquoise doesnt quite have the same ring to it .
mkr anyone can cook from a can girls .
hovaa what about yellow spots .
i am hungrier den a bitch .
there is no gender .
marywcvb still waiting for charlie baker to take the stage in swampscott wcvb .
obama a bitch .
yeah i got soul i was brought up by colored women .
the type of bitches that i like think broke is disgusting .
got a bad bitch bitch .
mykitchenrules annie amp looks like a mkr .
so looking forward to seeing your tweets .
blood tomorrow pretty sure that i bleed twitter json metadata at this point .
kat and andre should have been eliminated they suck mkr .
thats the kind of bitch i hate fucking with .
ogbeard nah u just a fag .
bitch get up off me .
i didnt tag you negro lol .
thats what i thought pussy .
shut the fuck up you fucking cunt .
128128 ogbeard omg lil b followed me yassss bitch he follow everybody shut yo ass up .
i was working hard as a bitch today i deserve a reward .
kaitlynburnell i dunno maybe i am bad at everything flirting and dating tho .
i told you to unfollow that bitch but you aint wanna listen barbie .
coleycee didnt i just say i thought u told me to delete them so i deleted them bitch .
fwiw i never quite disagreed completely im pretty good at fence sitting .
i was laughing at a joke about 911 big different bitch .
tryna hate on my whip acting like they got cooler up speakers hell nah bitch boys .
bitch killa gone be in that bitch cdfu .
cthagod all it takes is one bitch ass monkey or human to fuck up every bodies peace and .
man like doing hella things i gotta take my hat off to that nig .
oh my god i love all my bitches love me .
ok so gameloading was awesome and i hope i can buy it on itunes .
jeter almost broke yankee stadium .
kirtaner digiranger1994 until it happened to us not cool .
sassy looks i would not eat there mkr .
the knicks are still trash melo signed for the money he dont even care about being on a good winning team .
bitch .
but if they do im happy to turn my graphs over to twitters abuse department i dont think the people im watching would risk that .
thefixninemsn can we stop deconstructing desserts please lets start a campaign lets get some names on a lets start a m .
is it weird your own nip .
people are forgetting that the logic behind the purge is retarded haha .
lol niggas still be talking about me threw bitches smh .
people getting called all types of bitches over music lol you know how ridiculous that is .
grow a pair pussy .
curly girls is where its at and you bitches need to get with it .
i want a four loco right now so i can chug it and go straight to sleep .
i knows about bitch .
she was ridiculed for years for her people thought would be on personal .
they hardly get when the opportunity of sick itself their giving you some boy are they .
bitch you better not disappoint me and britney and have my new single is coming monday .
slayerific13 daisymcgarr i dont hunt birds unless you count shooting out of season off my power line with a gun .
calling for more sexism against women in a field because they call out sexism in that field is blowing my fucking mind right now .
mkr theres the people who go on reality tv to be someone and then theres the people who hang around set to eat free food and be on tv .
david is bitch made .
seriously though that promoted tweet is the funniest shit ever .
breadtruckkbri voiceofdstreetz these hoes gon come ampamp go i feel it8221 boy lol .
yall so quick to say people worship celebrities bitch i love beyonc233 her talent her legacy and what she stands for 8230 .
gemini gets irritated by jealous bitches .
no juice in curd mkr mykitchenrules .
have her learn the first 30 seconds of flesh and the power it holds death that riff would be cool for a bird to do lol .
bro that hoe live .
kat karma is going to kick you in the arse mkr .
birthday today bitches and i gotta work .
brendacoyt3 tonymartinezz15 rolling deep af i even got bitches running after me .
kimberlyyaye speaking of little bitch you didnt even do all your you little bitch kept talking to everyone else 128530 .
calling these nasty hoes out mrs wells is too .
so was i cunt welcome to twitter .
sell a bitch pussy til its drop wet the vet not the bitch .
brownbagpantry lauriejwillberg please stop encouraging an abuse of the reporting system .
now that person has been doxxed on 8chan and despite this being the person who posted my amp others home address suddenly he sees a problem .
fire bitch .
you bitch hole you never text me back can you guess who this is 8212 haha i never text anyone back my bad .
damiergenesis i live for street glory and i die for ghetto fame respect all fear none my pride is everything .
if i become president everybodys on im gonna run this bitch like a .
thatslutadrian lmao this nigguh .
128077 the skinny bitches in the nickiminaj anaconda .
just robert bc he was the one like no tomorrow bc hes a pussy .
nochillpaz if a bitch talks shit to me im gonna lick my thumb and her eyebrows off .
cactussoup90 working on it .
bitch u tried it u deserved every foul word that came out chris mouth bye .
gmbace if more den 5 niggas can say dey yo bitch u be cuffin her .
today was talk like a day and absolutely nobody knew id been doing a charlie all day .
yall trying to use the lord to sell pussy on this corner i already know .
dont message me your number and tell me to text you im not your bitch lol .
im a crazy bitch fml .
popehat thequinnspiracy it doesnt have to be could sell the tears of angry i use them to leather .
not ya grandma brownies wink wink .
sorry killerblondes but you are a long long way from refined mkr .
thats for the birds .
send me an and ill tweet why your a pussy .
tibaburger straight off the bench ned worldcup2014 .
just tried to climb up a tree after a bird and completely failed oh my god 128514 .
justcurrieon lol aye watch to mouth you like when i mention you faggot .
this is classist as fuck living a life free of harassment shouldnt come at a come on people what is wrong with you .
robsan9993 that bitch was looking for anything to go up her .
whens homecoming slut the .
stfu hoe 128514128514128514 .
fleebiscuit i look in the mirror and see a pussy ass bitch that sits down when he .
and i was like yeah bitch .
i sent that bitch a smiley face bitches love smiley faces .
its so random .
if your trying out for hockey dont call anyone else a pussy .
msoltan18 wbdyllon koredeb9 messi is trash .
choke on bread bitch .
bitch got me acting crazy as hell lately .
dont be mad cause yo bitch choosin and i put her ass in the splash .
bae juss the new side bitch lingo u aint special hoe .
jaredchase truth be told ive only done normal a handful of times all in wod it went ok once i knew the pvp is harder .
abstractlife two trash ass passes you know damn well you saw it too on 2nd and 3rd down before won the game .
here we go again again mkr .
brownbagpantry i get where you are coming from and its annoying to be sure but its not considered harassment under twitters tos .
these hoes like niggas that spend money not talk about it .
xbox live fags .
pussy shit .
mkr how many times does karma have to slap you in the face till you realise you cant cook kat and andre .
when americans claim isis is just a local threat reply you mean just to iraq syria turkey jordan saudi arabia .
at this rate maybe theyll all be rocking up to my house soon expecting a meal surprise round 47 mkr .
thanks the bitch that my tweets on vacation this week .
she give away that pussy like loose change .
nights like this i wish ride low in the chevy hit the switch in the city burning killa with a bitch .
bitches hold they nigga down when he get locked up but if a nigga go to college or the military its a different story 128564 .
since when did give a fuck about science go sell your their wild claims mkr .
if its a kat and annie showdown the sudden death could be literal mkr .
this bitch literally just said normal people shouldnt work out in this gym because so many body workout here .
lmao fucking snake bitches em .
cant stand a i dont know what i want ass nigga 128564 bitch .
you can only call the faggots if youre a .
thats the only thing a nigga ask its some bitches in here tonite .
twitters ui bugs out all the time it wasnt a surprising bug id be willing to bet its not .
this fat bitch is wearing these ugly ass jesus sandals and her big ass feet are the damn things .
grandma is a dink lmao .
thecoreyholcomb when gay girls suck pussy from a bitch who just took a plan b pill the other day that means the munching hoe ate .
i wonder when twerking dies what will all the hoes that became world star famous lives be like .
tryhardsilva hoe .
fellas remember to stock up on and timbs before the dykes buy them all .
joebudden the dating scene so wack out here shit super trash .
people r retarded for thinking you can eat clean food all day and lose weight calories are calories people .
flossweekly just added to the schedule for april 8 randi harper online abuse prevention initiative just httpt .
i wish didnt block me long ago for calling him a pussy so i could call him a pussy again and get blocked a second time .
iglvzx glitchdreams top kek .
quote from my other half about kat you can tell shes a rough pub mole mkr .
bad bitch give me head like .
i look better on your bitch than her outfit on my floor justinmiculka01 .
cant worry about a bitch that aint worried bout me real .
we ways but stayed in touch throughout the years he got swole while i went off and did my thing writing perl trolls .
something is seriously going down see lrt of gg is pushing a weird narrative .
lol shawty at sheets gave me her number haha i throw tht shit in trash outside .
this bitch wearing a tshirt and nike .
i know imma broke ass bitch .
usually i hate the bs software that comes with gaming keyboards but this one has an option to the lighting when monitor turns off .
come on tank break dem hoes backs .
i think im just going to play video games all day its been a super stressful week i need a break .
jasonbentley not me no hat .
no need to be a bitch .
popehat sarahjeong wtf is going on .
now i am seeing among jihadi fans taking credit for an of a in france .
dumb bitches broke my tv went to fucked up with a smart tv lol .
lets not forget kern is the person that said he was fully in antiharassment remember the cape comment i made .
i see the crazy teabaggers have given up on obamacare and have moved on to using .
my bitch sad lookin like a lack of funny .
jayreidofficial my nicca .
kat amp andr your pathetic mkr .
this game on some shit haha playing that hoe high had me and my trippen haha .
roy so trash its unbelievable .
nintendo .
going out for breakfast tomorrow or it would be pancake fest 15 in my kitchen mkr .
oh yea aka mr bitches lmao .
if ice jj fish gets all these looks who really trash me or him .
negros y ahora que no sin .
128064 bitches giving back .
bruh go wash the dishes in the sink then come and eat this pussy .
its been seattle but the gone down .
bitches be quick to say let me pull out my phone 128514128514128514 .
desertfox899 original content vs retweet .
ima knock da pussy out like fight night .
i aint worried about a nigga takin my bitch .
im fine af in that hoe .
pizza and wings bitches .
iont neva chase hoes they move to slow i let em chase me .
the reason high school is so fucking hard is because ned never made a guide for anything past 8th grade you feel me .
lol i dont got nothin against nobody man im just sayin these hoes be .
yungmigo lol da only reason i cant talk bout da present is cuz my nicca hurt n aint played all yr .
ethelmonster sadsuspenders haha how true .
thequinnspiracy cool but make sure youre not doing it on the backs of people who are still hurting amp struggling to .
tastemygayness that moment the pussy too good amp u gotta slow that stroke down .
eddie is a man sorry that he doesnt fit the only narrow gender your brain can process .
ashleylynch joinoapi just the site .
reddaddy17 and dis wus after i offered to help faggot ass nigga get custody of his kids im lowkey heated .
caption nah gonna keep our .
bitches be happy about burger king pollo on lunch break at work but act like dinner with new niggaz gotta be .
chilblane devslashzero is too .
they got david taking out the trash 128514128514128514128514 .
looks as if federal gun laws to be this week lack hope the media and crowd choke on crow .
light skin niccas always wanna try to be ike turner lol vonshayeb only if u can take one .
the meals werent great but they didnt deserve 17 mkr .
or worst depending on how you look at it .
sonia never criticises arvindkejriwal kejriwal who trashes every other leader never criticises sonia touching .
bitch get out cha bitch get out cha bitch get out cha in my feelings wtf .
i was in a kik group once but we called it a party line and old charlie the barber was always hogging the calls .
she seems to be getting the most tweets but femfreq and thequinnspiracy have seen much more ht engagement as well .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx xxx hairy silver amp reagan hairy pussy .
think its cause she saw me doing lmao jk im still a bitch 128077 .
everytime pro teams do gb that get im not im just saying i dont think u should say theyre trash .
that the boys will be around the world for tour and it will end in the as a welcome ho8230 .
let the dem in ho .
did i just start crying bitch 128514128514128514 .
you a bitch tho i know for sure im not youd get your ass beat by any of my bitches thats fact 128514128514 .
ih8tvvitterhoes breezyfrmdablok what do you mean nice try im right nigga you a faggot if you wanna argue bout anything else continue .
yankees victory yankees as in 14 innings the hero and oh yeah first place still in the bronx .
never realize the precious time you bitch niggas is wasting 128070 .
bitches always think somebody want them or they little coochie lol chilling dont exist nomore iont want yall hoes .
its kinda screwed up that they were my guinea pigs but i was only on taste instead i got more interesting results .
bitch be actin like im a celebrity .
can kiss my yes was a bitch just like .
drunk on duck fat and vodka and whatever the fuck these are brentonpoke .
no im not weezy bitch im from that cough .
niggas cant stand me cuz they bitches be feelin a nigga get mad at yo so called girl .
its ok to trash i havent seen any bama fans wishing or injury towards lsu players .
2 or 3 hoes for everything .
come on man oreo needs to chill you know about these good or nah .
basedpaco like a flat tire he need a fix run up on em put the gun up on em ask a pussy nigga whats to ya bitch 8221 .
cant you see these hoes wont change .
i have no hoes 128581 .
facebook post on giving antiharassment talk at girldevweek how can something be both ironic and .
colin scoring for the ratings tonight a 7 for a roasted bird that wasnt stuffed and couscous other teams must feel ripped off mkr .
you just cant give hillbillies an audience theyll it every time .
if love like pom im so duck to have here in hm life .
kelseytheodore2 plz go set yourself on fire egg .
i dont care about bitches hoes be into it with they damn .
momma always told me i was crazy and the hoes say im amazing but i dont listen to a lady .
you can express yourself as an asshole but that doesnt give you freedom to not be called on it .
then yall kanye when he wifed up a hoe lol .
i should start wearing beanies more .
too bad ur a pussy .
damiergenesis pulled up in that you know im bout to make yo girl pussy sore .
evanbecker513 whattheflocka zooyorkinit bitch we could have went to als but noooooooo .
haha was just on my boat bitches that black caddy .
i hate hype ass bitches like its too early for you to be all loud sit tf down somewhere .
shut the fuck up i sent my sister a picture of a mini brownie and she was like is that a like i wish 128514128514128514 .
toddiesoplayer nigga you proud of 80 i was in that bitch the is from me going to get the weed out the car .
now dont you hate them ol lyin ass hoes in ya face wearin her best friends clothes .
8220friendlyassh0le 200 lbs aint thick bitch you a fucking .
definitely read forward read again .
ih8tvvitterhoes breezyfrmdablok tell me how that sounds stupid you were pretending to be a female and talking to a guy you a faggot .
miley cyrus macklemore amp adam all got together n were like lets gets the most retarded fucking hair cuts ever .
bitch yu not safe .
people this picture far and wide if for no other reason than it makes teabaggers with poor spelling really angry .
tayscalf must have run out of brownies .
too many bitches not enough adults .
i be in yo bitch pussy like .
skippy was not served up deconstructed lemon tart in this photo mkr .
magic 8 ball are these hoes loyal .
a gamer and a woman oh .
kingtunchi same bitch that was down with lol theses lil hoes funny .
dont fw sloppy hoes you might catch somethin .
be sure to follow it up with a fabulous bitch face .
thick red bones in style or nah .
lol and your response was bitch do i like pregnant .
hell na hes a honky brah .
mydickiscalled my dick is called cute relationship because its what all bitches really want .
its friday bitches 128556 .
spring break bitches .
thejokerxo porn stars are 100 acceptable bro im was talking about these air mattress .
i couldnt hit a woman with a penis and pussy i dont care how sexy or rich she .
i done dun all kind of shit yall niccas just fills shit .
charlie im an old lady dont ever say ugly things about ur childrens mom i get it jus dont big hug .
atheistraven look as long as he had a frog penis we can agree that it is not an unacceptable change in character .
kencf0618 i can never tell anymore p .
fed ex some real hoe boys .
like nike bitch just do it .
im our here filling these hoes jaw side .
i had a date wit irene nd that bitch stood me up matter of fact she stood da whole city up you fucking cunt irene up ur ass no grease .
bound shoved in a trash bin with two bullets in the back of the head i suspect natural causes said the worlds worst .
we dont love these hoes .
tony parker is making norris cole his bitch with the one on one or just takin him off the an breaking some damn ankles .
yo bitch know wat im talkin bout .
not a big mkr fan but foul play from kat and andre wow thats poor form .
thats dumbass we all just mock him .
i wonder if theres ever a day in my sisters life that shes ever not a complete and bitch or if she saves it special just for me8230 .
yall are so confused these days somebody put that hoe in a dress .
rose and josh are one of my favourite teams on mkr .
so to the fat sack chasing bitch that just yelled at me from her busted ass van window fuck off and get a real job .
your bitch want to fuck the squad 128527128076 .
how can you say you dont want a nigga thats friendly but your pussy is like the friendly ghost .
look bitch go and suck a dick im a real street nicca i aint wit dat sucka shit .
how many niggers are in my store i your stealing 128514128514128514 that vine still be having me weak .
joebudden cuz soon as u start doing the shit w a hoe she8217s your girl8230 really .
hahaha im not sexist but this is funny .
voretaq7 is like anytime ive seen it anywhere i am only concerned about a that is wo insurance .
wishing a of bats on and .
mkr heading into with another instant restaurant round .
now when a bitch try to suck the strap thats when she getting kicked out .
i remember when drunk ass fell asleep while we where all playing smh what a fag .
the birds outside my bedroom window have way too much to talk about for first thing in the morning .
i think the hashtag got some mkr .
yesallwomen wonder what if when men beat and kill women what if my brother what if my father what if my lover .
but saying that he did this is not okay we dont know we will probably never know dont be like them .
the ones we really like we cant if you got the one you really like then you a lucky bitch .
charity p .
if my day doesnt get completely run off the tracks ive got a bunch of writing to do and blog posts to schedule some quick wins .
hey barackobama the jig is up even democrats are through with you dems are .
its so scary hoe does everything i do she acts just like me 128514 .
gnocchi for dinner for dessert my home made dinner is better than that mkr dinner .
deathofrats01 freebsdgirl when i think about all the different things that have happened since last august i think of things like th .
that son of a bitch moment when youre walking around the house with socks on and step on a random wet spot .
new years resolution smoke more weed make more money fuck more bitches .
marie is poor girl aint do anything to ass bird .
i had a bitch that had a bitch had the bitch eating .
im 60 n i hate elissa a fake ass cunt .
dear god us for a moral slope of values is just a pretty word for lets .
you always say we dont love these hoes yet yo girl a hoe .
joe ripping on a nobel prize winner while hes not their what a little bitch morningjoe .
gamerfortruth possibly .
pretty sure that chriswarcraft and i can take credit for comeback .
therealemandm redisraw so is your pussy lmao .
or well something happened a hashtag was started by harassers to support him so thats something i guess .
stevestfler when youre in public with your side hoe .
how will i keep up with them all .
kennywright faggot .
liveanduncut my bitch do all that and still go out .
amydentata im not your manager .
so many hoes it should be an .
why on earth would bubble amp squeak be considered appealing when you eat out its leftovers i can do that myself and im a crap cook mkr .
lmaoooooo dude said bitches from ny fuck to greatest hits 128557128557128557 .
i bet pussy tastes like a fresh caramel apple .
busted my lip playing ball so now i cant enjoy pussy and this delicious mango .
cameronast lanahudsonnn bitch shut the fuck and follow what u say nigga .
like a snake sounded like a like a cross between a and an elephant .
kinghorsedick that hoe .
maddieevaans felicity182 us english its our go learn grammar u dick sucking hoe .
all jokes aside im goin thru it a niggah heart hurt smh .
this bitch in ma bed got double ds that shake ass like when i smack her ass it shake game shake tune .
yup my other dogs name is leo .
lol this gt tvweekmag you walk by putting one foot in front of the other really amazing advice mkr .
happy birthday bitch .
you just did bitch lol .
doin stuff .
i hate my dogs name it sounds so ghetto 128528 .
i hate when bitches been thinking smh .
these hoes soo .
cant just tell me anything bitch im one click away from google at all times .
carriepotter i would be willing to there are some pretty powerful from that or others who .
i also had a dream that i went to the fob show and fob was rude to me and was getting badly hit on by some creep .
mkr omg my dad and i are screaming at the tv .
its monday ten ten ten on yo titties bitch .
how u gone bring ur side bitch to a game where you know ya gf friends at i swear .
you hoes steady coming for me 128514128514128514 .
goatraplines when lil wayne said even deaf bitches say hi to me she tell a blind bitch and she say i gotta see my headphones .
call a negro .
since cats lick themselves all the time they should be great at eattin pussy .
kiefferjason bitch meet up .
gossipcop screw the little porch monkey .
yall hoes still play around with the wrong shit i see smh .
iowahawkblog irs contract with email backup company right after computer crash .
lmfao oh i forgot texting it to u now darealquitam vonshayeb i told u to text me what i need to buy for the salad a bitch hungry .
political ass bitches .
i am so tired barely slept kept waking up to minor rush need to move quickly need to get stuff done but really need a nap .
saw a homeless man sleeping in a box surrounded by bubble wrap must be his new alarm you arent even funny bitch .
yaboyskeete this bitch slow lmaoooooo .
oops sorry for the content warning on that they posted some so their targets wouldnt the urls guess that failed .
its gonna a girls round on mkr this week but idc bcuz its time for revenge amp amp elementary .
kencf0618 awesome d .
im only back cause i dont wanna see the boys lose to trash .
i hate ah dirty house foul living bitches .
blacknerdjade hell wrong with yall pie and sweet potato pie trash .
tryna fuck the next nigga bitch not knowin his bitch is the next nigga bitch .
thanks dumb bitch .
realskipbayless in their mj would have in 1 on 1 just so much mentally trash talk alone would .
if your tweets have never offended anyone then you tweet like a little bitch .
go to sleep faggot .
cuauhtli02 elchavaloko hes a cheating .
i am such a daddys girl its crazy i will drop a bitch in a second over my dad bro .
catching up on mkr did kat really just say them being eliminated wouldnt be fair she clearly doesnt know what that means .
bro my birds stay having sex its on a daily said look ma no hands .
samzbikowski tonyjrodriguez dude i had a video of these birds at my work fuckin .
anyone who claims to be sassy doesnt really understand the concept of being sassy do they mkr .
socass 00sexilexi00 socass new things with who do you love .
got cramps bitches .
chop the top on the thats a horse long as an extension cord bitch i ball like jordan and i play full court .
im also quite curious about this and wondering about the radio silence from .
foxnews and i dont have any confidence in you barack youre the sole reason why this country is in .
hahaha go girl take that kat mkr .
my current favorite line is its at target and great for dry curly andor colored hair .
cperciva i know my heart is breaking not really i do tweet a lot .
karma is a bitch the tables will turn even if the person want it to or not you cant stop it either .
i guess a niggah just believe in ya thats proof for ya can name a lot of things any other man wont do for ya .
this chick looks like she straight up took a colored pencil to her eyebrows .
i hate that black men are athletes or black women are ghetto and to t8230 .
big congrats to all i expect him to be on chat in a few days now get some sleep you will need it .
enjoying my bed just perfect for me my teddy bear and monkey it bed .
what you saying hoe .
always tryna 128530 when is almost all yall think about so 8221 sometimes .
if yoda had a pussy thats what i look like in the morning .
i wish people could just be straight up with me dont be a fake bitch to me because im not a fake bitch to you or anyone actually .
is deconstructed code for dogs breakfast mkr mkr2015 .
yoga has been around for ages and these bitches just now figuring it out .
chlldhoodruiner 1000 rts and hell spark this hoe in here .
talk about pussy power 128530 .
lmaooooooo basedamerican ayo take this pic for me famyou think the bitches gon fuck with this pic .
social network got bitches heads like 128553 .
bitches needa take notes .
ah ashandcamilla are back mkr .
44binko ima act like i hit that hoe then pass it like i was earlier .
bjayblast damn near in love with all them hoes when im with em .
just like a bitch typical shit stepping in place shit wizard of hearts mythical shit watch yourself shit .
haha you were that bitch on our team 128521 .
good bye mkr kat and andre have turned me off this vile show now mkr .
fuck this fat mexican bitch .
early bird gets the worm .
fucking pussy8221 .
all of a sudden craving the hell out of oreo cookies .
bell hooks is bored by nikki minaj amp thinks pussy is old hat im bored by her old hat ass pop critiques .
farbenstau xmjee not sure if it would be a good fit its about harassment creating foss tools and diversity in open source .
causewereguys dumb bitch lol .
just said full of thought we were .
rakwonogod before hoes8221 a bro with no hoes .
you should have to be over 6 foot and lbs to buy a truck we know most of you get em cause youre scrawny country pussies .
kryten2x4b1 if i was i probably would but i dont want to deal with the cost of a hotel and all that .
bitches better watch out because were running the tables tonight .
urkindofbrand if shes always been a dyke shes a virgin no way around that her first time eating box dont take her 8230 .
thequinnspiracy voiceofrae spacekatgal i dont know but i feel like haley would .
you know why we call life a bitch cuz she dont use no lube or nothin when she stick her big ole cock up your ass and fuck you raw .
why you let these hoes tear what we had apart you be beware beware .
yesyouresexist so my belief that all people should be treated equal in all walks of life isnt a valid opinion .
alert it wont be you lloyd mkr .
never trust a bitch that try to be a side bitch .
a hoe ass nigga will never change .
why should there be an age limit on aint their fault if a old is traumatized from an r rates of pussies .
me waiting on you to take me to ny with you to get my nips pierced .
i wouldnt share a wave with those trash cans .
because idk if your still tryna get with her again or not 8212 bitch i might be .
i couldve swore everyday was jus sayin i had all the hoes like 2 days ago no im next i gotta baby on the .
you see me at gdc or the blizzard thing tonight and you ask me if i am wearing a wonderwoman outfit i will not be able to deny it .
u hella gay u never quit subbing fag .
shereeny caulkthewagon instead she got a block because im used to having people shitting all over my mentions and thats a shame .
fucking thirsty bitches .
she feelin a young niggah .
your pussy not mine 128514 do you 128526 .
or get they nails done same hoes brag about niggas they fw got money but cant even get him to fill their tank up .
this is what id make my famous lemon pie mkr no deconstruction needed its awesome as it is .
when it start bitches be like i wana cuddle naw bitch you just wana excuse to suck a dick you and mimi sit tf down in a corner .
lisamromano food handling alone they failed because of those in yuck mkr .
bitch said i lie too much bitch you aint worth telling the truth too .
me me pick me who is a bigger twat james blunt or robin thicke .
you cant take no ones bitch .
molly make bitches crazy .
behind every lame ass nigga is a lame ass bitch that is constantly telling him how real he is .
my boyfriend isnt allowed to give a girl his jacket that hoe knows damn well what channel the weather is on she .
femshaveballz have u spent significant time in any ghetto or the years of terrorism committed by police in the black community .
rappersaid when tyler the creator said rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends i had a threesome .
bitches will tell you its all about the 128129 watching my bitch take 25 selfies just to get that right .
sfthewolf max2000warlord people confuse empathy with being scared and that says more about them than anything .
yall hoes love everyday .
you gotta be a weak bitch to let a couple tweets get you out of character .
i hope theres a lot of at that mkr .
this lil thot bitch really tried to run game on me .
i ate a monkey .
radroopa a mix of recruiting of groups and making it hard to be biased would be the .
the yankees dont need tanaka or or all these big name players believe .
rebelliousmidy ugly bitches definitely me 128534 ewww yuck .
too many bitches on their looks cant bring nothing to the table but 100 likes and an iphone 128514128514 .
bitch you got me i trouble i love you too take your drunk ass to .
why niggas put heart eyes under everybody pictures 128553 then it be them poo la la hoes .
i would eat annie amp lloyds food i eat steak for breakfast mmm mkr mkr2015 .
my favorite dc restaurant is charlie .
cannot believe there is round 4 of instant restaurants mkr .
thoughtsofrandy i almost ran this fine red bitch over damn lol .
justlaurenb thegags29 bowtieguy14 mylostgadget lostsailorny it was ur answer to my also .
update dressed as yellow will face charges for of chinese food leftovers .
these hoes everybody hoes lol go at any bitch bet u get her easy .
vivaalakatyy 128514128514128514128514128514 oh my gosh why are so so la la la la la la la la bitch 128536 .
xdsmooth now shut up hoe .
im i passed on my creative gene to my daughter but she also got the retarded gene too .
hoes gone be hoes .
61 of aid is claimed by white people so yall black slander is trash now .
that isnt me .
fuck the club especially dallas clubs nothing but stank pussy and thirsty niggas .
the is rather mkr .
tiffnasty bitches will great valuable pussy always make you use too many nasty dick niggas out here .
pink albino dolphins are extremely rare but do exist in the wild .
that hoe aint there anymore .
these two are revolting mkr mkr2015 .
if a bitch says she a hoe .
one time in high school this girl told my friend that he needed so he told her she needed weight hahaha bitch .
luckily for my friends im a yellow belt in karate which is unfortunate for the dudes .
information is not allowed in many grant and conference in there is no 100 guarantee of but .
you had to pick the tweet about and not about drinking with star trek p .
hey new followers waving welcome ion be talking bout shyt tho just retarded ass thoughts that pop up in my head .
alcohol is truth so if a girl is a hoe when she drinks shes naturally a hoe anyway .
jlorry96 he also makes claims of racism if someone calls him on repeatedly using feminist terms i dont care .
thedouch3 all the in college football trash like yall cant even make 20 yard field got one fucking job .
bad bitches only .
when someones phone goes off in the i want to jump across the seats and fly kick dat bitch .
im ice u can call me the i got ur list but i aint giving u shit bitch .
you should probably have your hearing checked if higher have excessive volume to you you may have hearing loss .
100046729 lol what else do we have in common nigga hate sleeping in the summer is for the birds .
i gave it a 5 second didnt see anything interesting getting mad about that is like raging at a post same quality .
if a bitch could be okay with fucking a man knowing he has a girl shes a hoe thats it .
i like bad bitches thats my fucking problem .
now he apologizing lol fuck that hoe and her shot up pussy .
karlamorenoo just look for the realest niggah on that be me lol .
lmaoooo toeknee2gx lol ok pal what bitch gone tell me no tuh .
hoes be mad at you cause your nigga wanted you over her 128564 .
thats why a yellow bone .
you worried bout other bitches you need me for .
mi de pollo incredible ahora a con mi y mi hubby .
when the baddest bitch in school walk by .
do birds have how do they mate help me im an adult who doesnt know how animal sex works .
can kat and just fuck off theyre shit people and even worse cooks mkr .
bust in dat bitch face i dont want sons .
graham crackers and coffee are my fave .
its mrs g bitches thats mrs if i dont know you .
want to cry cause of the girls at la fitness imma bitch .
when youve got 5 or 6 hoes every one of them sees her man as why you dont have sex with them very often 8230 .
just the faggots guess you wouldnt be around very ya .
mykitchenrules which team do you think will be eliminated tonight mkr .
told her like its 90 degrees out this bitch and im walkin in jeans it was like 70 when we got there like shit dont add up .
yall still getting yall face beat you still taking pics with a face full of pussy a slut .
girls dont let a guy treat you like a yellow starburst you are a pink starburst .
smh sirhampton that shit trash rap waymothegod legend he gonna replace with joints like this .
pete evans says his critics will eat humble pie although the humble pie will be made from raw and grass  .
svl305 but is not even a he doesnt have the or credentials to do anything by himself and create a brand .
bad bitches hate broke niggaz .
yaremisxo 8220donquixtote yaremisxo then how yall got here b8221 stfu negro .
ugh no i am finally dealing with syndrome this is not a thing that im used to having to manage crap .
there are lots of top wrestlers who started as .
im nice to everyone but dont let this pretty smile confuse you because i can turn to bitch in .
erinscafe if i have to watch baseball i actually go for the mets because jon and fuck the yankees .
tweetlikeagiri when other girls wear beanies they look cute amp stylish but when i wear them i look like a member of a drug cartel who s8230 .
this is why nothing gets done morons like trying 2 ad a gun amendment 2 a public works bill push back on the teabagger morningjoe .
remember when you got your aim and you felt all fuzzy inside and at your screen and figured out what 8230 .
fat hoes get chose lol .
gt good pussy .
shut the fuck up dumb bitch .
amaninblack freebsdgirl link btw .
you niggaz is bitches better yet da k hit ya ass nd flip you like a mattress .
black bottle amp a bad bitch .
lmaoo tony spanked it times to that bitch voice .
fucking pussy bruh lol .
nickiminaj u bitches could neva get him to buy all dem snacks fuk wit me .
i left engineering to go into running a nonprofit huge pay youre absurd .
everyone always says girls are really bitchy no some boys are fucking inconsiderate bitchy cunts it is actually .
quote this tweet with your favorite .
maybe i dont text you first because you read my messages and dont respond k bitch .
uh youre trash 128536 .
justlaurenb thegags29 bowtieguy14 mylostgadget lostsailorny agreed sure but what does that have to do w .
ok ma texas bitch keep textin me callin cryin stressin me bout where i been but i been with another bitch allegedly .
all you hoes are hoes for tweetin about ya panties bein wet .
damn i have nothing to to complain or bitch about lol .
dont be surprised when im a bitch to you because youre always a dick towards me .
would get jealous though he a bitch .
looking forward to the next round of restaurants mkr .
colonelkickhead and well keep doing instant restaurant rounds until these people can learn to bloody cook mkr .
straps them bitches would be raw as hell .
kirk going fucking dumb out that bitch .
dont fuck wit broke bitches .
and i aint trippin on nothin im on somethin and my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight .
if you know a guy has a baby why the fuck are you trying to talk to him desperate ass hoe .
haha you bitch 128514 really tho it will be good to catch up yo it was pretty fun last time we .
whatupag at least its not because thats for cunts .
i be drippin in so much damn sauce got bitches ready to lick it off 128514128527 .
freebsdgirl it sure is weird how i only ever see true things being attached to the gamergate hashtag .
katandre breakfast looks raw mkr .
bruised is a bitch .
gotta eat her pussy so good she forget dick coming next have her talking to herself like he brought dick with him too 8230 .
marlinfishyass damn hoes askin niggas do i smoke no bitch u not getting smoked out tonight .
look at yall bitches only hmu when ya wifi on bitches .
that hoe cant cook .
i was in the club and there was this good lookin bitch she had gold teeth tho i was confused smh .
whats up my bitches shout out from your in cali keep doin what u do loveit .
lol look is mike browns twitter look at the trash he wrote about lmao gentle giant my ass ferguson .
these hoes aint loyal .
nooo i and dont bitch me ya bitch .
cleaned all the bird out of the and ready for more rain the baby birds are out now respect the bees .
niggas these days will walk 10 miles to get some pussy 128557 .
hes a bitch .
did he call the spatchcock a chicken mkr .
i forgot how annoying drasko is mkr .
they not hoes in silence of it then want respect .
check on the corner of el and its across the for pollo loco .
fkn hell you just had to go and say it another 3 times done mkr .
cant spell above and beyond without hoe .
cant hate onna bitch getting paid for what she got .
when kanye said colored benz i push miracle whips .
its hilarious seeing chicks cry and whine through song lyrics on here because they got with a little scene fag instead of a real man 128514128514128514 .
hoskinsty96 vonteyisaboss 128514128514128514 ghetto ass mofos .
i just heard my mom go she is up v annoyed bitch the fuck you expect i slept for how long and now im hungry bye .
hoes .
making today my bitch 128520 .
100046729 wtf why i aint come to practice .
ohvixen ibanexx you gotta respect a bitch before she lets you put your entire arm in her vagina .
wait why do niggas get to fw they exes friend but when girls fw her exes friend she a hoe lol .
i hate a bitch that love a bitch that say she love a nigga ass bitch what you gon you gay bitch is you straight bitch .
im sure you know all the and odds in vegas before you place a bet .
bitch shutcho got damn mouf hoe hurricanesensei aint gon help yo funky ass texans .
this blog is a long one but i felt i had to be very clear about this racism http .
niggas fufu amp bitches is too .
one would think taste your food before you serve seasoning  mkr .
stupid ass alex scary little bitch throw it .
8220norapist using y mx b to the slope of that ass mckinley719 .
this bitch showed me it amp if yall every seen that low budget piece shit that muthafuckin clown scary then a hoe .
bitches be .
shut up bitch .
eat your vegetables or youll grow up to be a pussy .
what these bitches want from ah nigga .
same hoes running back tellin you shit about me be the same hoes trynna fuck you same niggas tellin u shit be the .
how long after the redskins change their will all name be racist and therefore illegal any thoughts .
from breakingbad would love the of breakfasts mkr .
hiphopisdeaddd top ten rappers with no 8230 .
squad gets you bitches .
they say life is what you make it bitch but im just tryna make it straight up .
not so subtle hint just spent a while with apple opening up a very specific kind of account .
lettherainefall on my way to fuck your bitch .
i dont know if im happy or not on one hand i really dont like the promo girls on the other well were all thinking it mkr .
i dont love these hoes baby its me and you forever .
lmao real shit though them bitches be dumb as fuck smh .
little bitch .
tell them skinny hoes bounce bring them thick bitches back .
me mom can you make me a doesnt hear whispers to myself deaf bitch mom what the fuck did you just sa8230 .
lgbt players are welcome at official lol were working with partners to ensure consistency with our values across  .
congratulations kat you are now up there with the most hated people in australia tonight pure bitch mkr .
lmao so none of you bitches on my tl dirty salad .
a week till im out this bitch thank god .
tonymartinezz15 dude last day fuck it walk out that bitch .
maybe yall hoe ass niggas should start considering girls feelings think about if a nigga is doing what youre doing 8230 .
i be ready to tell a bitch shut da fuck up lol .
is different from paperwhite more i kind of like paperwhite more more concerned about dropping this one get a case .
im mature enough to eat pussy when its time too eating ass is just disrespect .
damn it i was hoping kat and andre were in the bottom 2 mkr .
vikkinosecrets hoes have no life .
the redskins should change their name to the injuns .
fuck east st john and all they fans familys amp yo bitch ass up .
lmao the shovel video is pretty awesome she went down like a ton of bricks lol gotta love honky riff raff savages that is all .
these hoes aint loyal .
my true life episode comes on later on tonight at central time true life i wanna be a tranny .
baseball w for her birthday for some reason lol yankee stadium on .
light skin niggah 128514 .
am they say im possessed its a i keep 300 like the with 300 bitches with the i been a for the longest .
oo .
taecocky she a hoe if her bday in september .
is gamergate finally eating its own tail .
them old bytches sorry as in the sack the pussy get in her .
john kerry the sellout neverforget how this pussy screwed our troops in now hes disgusting .
i fucked the bitch i used to dream about and coulda died when i came from disbelief nah i dont wish to speak on her name that shit is weak .
lol if you hate me i really dont give a shit because ive either done nothing to you bc youre just a bitch .
its dumb cunts like you that make me sad to have served in a war so you wouldnt have to .
justinbieber nice wigger .
10 they lost their best pitcher please explain your logic .
but if you a hoe do you i aint judging you get it in but dont hurt someone in the process be straight up ab it .
im convinced that some of yall bitches get pregnant purposely because birth control amp plan b pills are effective .
especially dem niccas dat shit was outrageous .
rallys sound good af but ion have no hoes so we cant take that ride 128530 .
for every bad bitch there is a nigga tired of fucking her .
dont put on the cape unless youre prepared to be the hero sorry dude youre not the hero youre the .
been told by a lot of people that im cool then a hoe and that they dont understand why someone wouldnt like me .
no hoe .
bitch ass arod or shorty dont hit me back up .
i see you fuck bitches i fuck bitches also .
woohdakidd74 lol mane shut dat bitch shit up fucc wit me .
wait did take my brownies .
if you rat on your family just so you dont get in trouble youre a little bitch .
dont subtweet me my name so i no its real ugly bitch .
free pancake day at bitches finna finally get a date out a nigga .
yall niggas aint talking bout nothin not a thang not a not a thang hoe .
i shot a stripper because hoes keep stealing my tacos .
take yo hoe ass to sleep .
i hate when hoes try to play the wifey roll .
where ya titties lil bitch .
it can make a bitch cheat up to four points on the scale of 1 to 10 .
fa blowin my tl up like a bitches spare tire leavin dairy queen .
my bitch bad .
beautifulkeezy bitch you going .
iamtroyal5 briscoefunnyguy igotone kaeejones lmaoooo that hoe look like .
you make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside 128522 .
128514128514128514128514 when youre trying to relax but your pussy is shooting out light .
i hope you realize that your both retarded .
kiefferjason bitch u describe both of those terms .
yankees take all three games in im callin it mlb .
all these ciara songs are old to me bitches they from like 2 weeks ago lml .
kat amp andre need to be slapped with sportsmanship or just not be such bad losers its so  mkr .
who is da we whitey .
simply cani deal with a so i just back away when cunts get aw nasty towards me changed a lot in the past few years tbh .
give a hipster bitch a yellow stick now she suckin dick in the hood and shit .
i cannot stop laughing .
i beat that pussy up up up up .
im not sure who is but ive been sent screenshots of their comments and i like them keep rocking it dude .
am i really going to sit here and cry like a bitch .
if your girl is upset and her needs to learn how to stop being a pussy toughen up .
salon a athlete vs a violent whos the real thug here via .
dont try to explain the internet to women via iamstan .
judgement time mkr hungrycampers .
kat and andre are bad of perth non was i promise most people in perth are more like eva amp debra m .
nigga relax i cheat on my girl with regular bitches so this a no .
with hoes again gotta have the video ever 128553 .
hoe een zich te .
hes am has no clue .
bij vraag wat is d van de des met die kat ook al .
that hoe gone jam if you aint throwing ass bitch fuck out the party 999665039 .
any time a man says his ex was crazy run and read this again .
bitches post all types of sex position pics with heart emojis but let yu get her in that position this bitch complain a8230 .
girlziplocked this is why the media needs to stopwadhwa2015 onthemedia ameliagreenhall freebsdgirl .
100 bid to go on a date with oh that son of a bitch .
bitch ass people are the first to call someone out for being a bitch .
i never understood that u want a strap on just fck a nigga 128514128514128514 wtf bitch .
i just think everyone needs to know that many women poop during and thats totally okay .
quinn when you thinking about killing a bitch .
slow rap voice that bitch can suck my rapping voice that bitch can suck my dick .
arigold88 jordan wearing bitches need to grow tf up .
why do hoes always want to come bacc when they didnt have to leave in the first place .
im going to cut in here despite blocking you to explain something that seems to confuse many people pendragontarot .
pussy ass nigga .
kaylaalaa i know all the bitches love .
harrystyles a bird on me .
wordtothewise i am hurt in it wtf fuck that bitch .
bitch took flight 128557 .
thank you mkr producers for making me hate kat so much you have done your job perfectly .
me amp my next bitch gone turn up on the fashion side amp we aint wearing nun of that designer shit that shit basic af .
this bitch is 6 for shaking ass im so done 128553 .
if you not gator you gator bait .
if you do tax fraud you bet not dare tweet about voting of them tweeting they dont do politics .
peerworker evvykube its about ethics in journalism .
freebsdgirl obviously a shark costume .
i jus wanna smoke rub on a bitch booty n bump these days .
i swear this is just disgraceful like a bitch line a really be dry all day ill only get emails from 128557128299 .
there are some retarded ass movies on netflix .
after journalists covering the events in ferguson i dont think the us has to right to condemn north korea or .
not strategic just being an calling it something else doesnt make it ok mkr .
this bitch bout to make me commit murder .
tedcruz in going on nothing to do nothing to bitch about few laws .
the puppy is trying to hump leo and leo is just like excuse me and now i have a 60 lb .
fuk u bitch .
maple bacon and zucchini fritters looks so yummy mykitchenrules mkr2015 mkr .
stupid bitch should have stayed home .
ugly white bitch .
shut up and miss you too fag .
hownowgobbycow i love your hair .
ima pull up eat on that pussy n dip .
why all the bitches fake gay now .
hit the bitch nd forget the bitch but i left my kids on her fuckin face .
bitch .
im about to higher this stupid bitch ass hoe mf .
bond had the hoes and the money kicked ass no hawk always let a bitch die .
theonemissluu would you still love me when im no longer young and beautiful no ugly monkey ass .
had them bitches .
oh damn she got it working mkr .
its ya boi da aka the real meek i was on this earth first pussy .
if your boy breaks up with you and has a new girlfriend a couple days later then there was something you didnt know abo8230 .
all these 420 tweets are retarded most of these nig nogs havent even smoke a ever .
rihannahasaids bitch change draws .
stfu trash .
mock god .
some bitches need to get a life .
sschinke honestly i forgot his name p doesnt really matter im working with real data scientists .
her friends said i was shallow conceited and i grabbed her wrist and said never talk to those fat jealous bitches again .
talented leo .
you better pipe your pussy down over there wth does that even mean .
how did i get stuck with the worlds biggest cunt for a sister i just wanna set the cunt on fire and send her straight to hell .
i know you my gon send a bitch .
yeah im down im starting to promote for thursday so u better go bitch .
happy to these main bitches take it easy on the .
ass to pussy action with offering up her holes .
meatballs for breakfast not really a breakfast item saying that though id eat them mkr .
imjessicaaaaa ok hoe .
all of my money neat all of my bitches freaky everybody kno it it aint a secret .
viribracefacee was good my niggah lol .
pumpkin spice for da hoes .
yall like sayin money dont buy happiness but name a niggah sitting in a crying .
jneen i need to know the story behind that image .
shes up with wadhwa because he her book shes friends with weev who targeted so many women in tech .
heres the word cloud for freebsdgirl .
kiefferjason bitch i have a phone stfu talking dont worry about me just make sure you show up .
dis bitch a wizard snd me nudes like dis lol her couch wtf8221 .
should have fucked that bitch up .
of yall bitches need morning glory milk 128514128514128514 .
lol at the bitches that act like they single but now have to post pictures with they nigga hahaha .
if you brush off a guys compliment just because you have a boyfriend youre a bitch .
thanks more fun stuff coming soon .
i got the streets ina i got yo bitch ina leg lock .
girls be looking for reasons to do hoe shit .
animecommentary everyone is awkward p most people think they are most awkward than they really are youre fine .
elchavaloko whiteponyjr saucygyro buckm00se so you gonna believe cripple or a fuckn hippo .
theres a cave where colin keeps his stuff mkr .
pink champagne for my boo thang she a bad bitch i hope that she dont trade me .
not eating pussy is .
if there was an invisible celestial judge who killed those who spew hate on celebrities amp politicians .
never trust a bitch that take quick ass .
just checked my watch n that bitch said sometimes .
fuzzy dice might be the thing you could put in your car lol .
whoa just got her camera taken for evidence ferguson .
shown a tiny kitten you dumb fucking cunt .
thefakeespn rutgers mike contract by repeatedly calling it a cunt while balls at it until it finally kill .
old with a old wolf pussy that is .
kat and andre are hope they burn themselves next round revenge is a dish best served cold mkr .
who invited this fag .
wake up american nd stop allowing these pussy azz politicians who never bust a gun in .
might be time to make a facebook version of ggautoblocker p .
as was alexlifschitz and thequinnspiracy .
a black man asked me hey white boy do you like i wouldnt use that word personally i said like is a st8230 .
these catfish hoes thinkin they slick but niggas catching on 128524 .
i be laughing when my ex be tryna stunt bitch you forgot i went with you i know what you got amp dont got 1285141285148221 .
i cant take you serious if you wear colored contacts .
chickowits triggercheck its good to see there are still some marriage repubs just hard to find .
byeeeee bitch 128540 .
lilthickgawdess salty pussy .
or you could just stop watching crap like mkr .
out 822011wdnick 4 old hoes a and a dyke outchea having girl .
wadhwa kurtopsahl are i am guilty and taking that blog at face value .
i it post a lame tweet to see it on tv mkr .
really fucking fantastic .
yay my talk got accepted at bsdcan see the full list of talks here .
its disaster for sa our teams are ripped off lol  mkr .
briscoefunnyguy kaeejones da fuck that hoe look sad .
smoke wit a bitch in nap and let her play music i bet 100 she turn on boosie or some slow shit 128530 .
anniechaplin thats bs its a cooking show grrrr mkr .
hahahaha manziel is a faggot and the browns will ruin him win win for me .
they might be called 5 seconds of summer but their songs are 3 minutes of trash .
goodnight pretty bitches n real niggas fuck da rest .
you hoes are lost .
with your shirt off is the redneck version of tanning lol .
yall entertained by these bitch az niggas hitting women smh who raised you .
i hate bitch made niggas that think as soon as they get some pussy theyre bad ass youre 18 as a and you bang freshman bitchnigga .
brought to you by bad bitches and good weed .
i peep everything and just know ill slap a bitch with a smile on my face .
real niggas speaking bitch u better listen .
i got 2 bitches if them bitches snitching then finger itchin shot em the kitchen makem wash the dishes .
oh boy tldr posted a stopwadhwa2015 .
tylar man this hoe heaven stay taking all day .
mkr spotted sound guy drinks .
sam1985 youve undercooked eggs and probably poisoned small children id be exhausted too mkr .
cant even make your own chicken stock mkr .
thirsty hoes 128129 .
skirt ass hoe .
elgrillo1 in the me the crow would eat the bear mt obviously not in the me mt bear saves drowning crow an8230 .
that son of a bitch moment when you open the fridge and have no food .
dear whores dont tell me i cant dance when the only dancing you do is open your legs and shake your ass like a video ho to shitty rap .
lilaerii whats good bitch .
lord just shut up you pathetic ass bitch youre so worthless .
1bcarter would love the sport girls dressed like kobe all day let me see 1 of them hoes .
i was at my bf grandma house today goin through old albums and his grandpa had naked pics of his side hos from the 128514128553 .
carol is gonna george and this bitch .
you bitches cant relate to me so stop .
i feel the need to throw something at the tv kat doesnt deserve to go through mkr bitch .
all i ever want is for someone to love me as deeply and as charlie kelly loves the waitress .
wait a minute causing a yellow in a chase race 15 nascar .
these bitches .
you bitches you aint shit i swear you think you poppin cause you instagram famous .
kandre mkr .
niggas aint loyal bitches than you .
now the jihadi networks waking up amp claiming radio two planes shot down amp 1 pilot captured isis syria .
i dont burn tf i look like holding a and being a lil bitch shit happens youll be fine .
spiked that nailed her down .
82201stblocjeremiah broke hoes always wanna argue u aint ate all day were u get that energy from .
thelmasleaze amp there r no arguments like men just cant women because their bodies arent up to the task in these activities .
i was you were the bro amp them two aint nothin but lil now i or you kim .
parker cannon is beautiful that bitch comes up with the best lyrics for his songs like fuck man .
marlinfishyass a bitch a get b4 i catch feelings .
8220100d its like zero bitches in nap thats gon stick by yo side if you fall off tho this ain no lie 128175 .
not even sorry lmao growing up not having shit and still having to work for shit i deserve and seeing bitches get whatever pisses me off .
my pussy worth 15 .
sbsylvester kiefferjason bitch fuck that blog where u be at meet up and get your round .
i am the only person crazy enough to currently be on the roads in this weather but i have a keynote to write .
u and the shit coon .
shut up faggot .
every girl sucks dick dont let that bitch fool you .
yall forget he has his brand new baby girl at home bitch the cookies are burning .
havemercyyy killquana ooh yea gucci1017 getting all hoes .
i took the hoe to burger .
royceda59 green bananas are better then yellow ones too .
voretaq7 i didnt read much content just enough to see that hes getting a lot of notifications i ignore fygm girls .
drake vs tyga beef yung berg lil fizz chris brown bitch rants on twitter getting drug off stage light taking .
twitter i can bring that up .
ima knock the pussy out like fight night .
all i ever do is fuck bitches amp count stacks .
im so happy in the morning after i shave my pussy cuteness always sets me up for a good need some dick .
barackobama l voted and supported u and u pulled the rug out from under us a nation and worse cuz were not in your circle were trash .
yo can i your pussy .
classy rich family kids doing drugs and be all ghetto and actual ghetto poor kids looking for education to get outta there .
fvnxy irrelevant people talk so much shit like who the fuck are you bitch .
lt trash at its finest ladies if you post a picture and dont get at least 15 niggas to favorite it then you t8230 .
cheeks gone be cold than a bitch .
you a hoe if your bill more than 100 a month .
anniechaplin i had to count how many teams there were in the credits with all the rounds i wasnt sure and then they confused me mkr .
this bitch lying to me .
thequinnspiracy new crash guide account security 101 social engineering and you .
letter by gaza digger details under rule via .
craziestsex a girl knows when a bitch likes her boyfriend 128564128080 .
hate when bitches try and put you in the bitch im tryin to score put me in the 128293128293128293 on my soul .
run that nigga you dont want that nigga but i need a bad bitch thats hotter than me .
i got california love fuckin bitches to that pop shit .
i think annie is on sleeping medication or something mkr .
fuck all cops and fuck you too tarah bitch your nose is shaped like a horses dick .
all you hoes middle name isnt 128530 the jig is up .
better keep ya shit n line nicca .
i dont see tears bitch .
i survived flu bird flu west nile and the ill be abortion survival cant that .
callmerenee 82201inkkofrosess callmerenee my bad bitch im logged in on everybody me too seen just tweet f8230 .
discordianslip and you thought a camera would steal your soul shut the fuck up you stupid twat .
there are some real life hoes on ig crazy .
sloppy ignorance in all my pockets here lil bitch i want sloppy toppy .
1 now with what im going to refer to as my cripple .
what a smelly hater bitch .
ppl who think betta then boosie jus .
charlie rangel things in are spiritual damn .
to many niggas and not enough hoes and most of you niggas acting like hoes .
oh i knew it fuuuck more restaurants ok i said this is how the show should run but ive changed my mind mkr .
bardofpeace oh good lord if only i had that kind of patience .
i dont mess with sneaky ppl nd they hoe intentions .
i have a feeling this will be petes last season and colin will replace him goodbye paleo bullshit mkr .
kats only thing worse than her cooking mkr .
doctorow im refusing to deal with this passenger .
really bitch .
pillow talkin to bitches i see her she bad but nigga she basic .
i hit raw while im listening to papoose .
i spent my whole fucking life apologizing for not being enough you cant cut nip fuck or drug the .
i smell i smell i smell pussy .
for your wife charlie brown rejectedpeanutsspecials .
yall bitches gotta chill thinking yall 128514128514128514 .
nowomanisright only way i want a female to cover up if i like her the rest of you hoes i want to see half naked pics on the tl .
you should bring those up with the they are .
0xjared zython86 mmmyers chriswarcraft and started people because i wasnt backing down .
chriswarcraft for half a second i thought you had come back to wow breaking my heart .
i dont understand it theres trash everywhere and if theres not just wait till you go somewhere with one .
you wont last long kat and andre others there can cook mkr .
when she comes through with the nudes but they trash but she got big titties .
sick of hearing ap kids bitch about their oh so poor 42 gpa no one cares .
davidsgallant spacekatgal not enough data to know for certain just what im seeing today shes getting a pretty steady level since then .
gamergate started harassing organizer so we spent the qampa the tweets and discussing harassment .
dat is one ugly animal but da monkey is adorable .
hes been offered contact info from those hes speaking with should he care to contribute hes none of this i am .
omg fuck these bitches .
really cant stand kat amp andre terrible cooks but good amp mkr .
mrpoonsoaker lmao but i8217m hella skinny so bitches don8217t like me .
this bitch tweeted brb gonna take a shower later back get yo nasty ass back in that shower .
oh bitch you far .
spacekatgal 80 of his points are bullshit taken from white cis male no harassment on fbook providing nope .
why are people saying dont let guys treat you like a yellow starburst thats my favorite .
i dont think they believe in their ability to function whitey they choose to be by big govt .
lmao yall single hoes stay pregnant 128514128514128514128514 .
this whole game ive been trying to figure out why the dutch are wearing yellow smh .
these hoes aint loyal 128527 .
tastemylips57 aint say its wrong but its just as stupid as hoes showing up to get attention from one is bigger than the game .
guess i will mess with it later not sure what else to do maybe trash it lol not yet maybe after i when the lottery .
fuck that hoe .
you sure you aint colored .
if youre waiting on a response and 120 people are i am sorry i was for a week i will respond soon .
more than a little entertained at all of the gaters that are upset that i fight back instead of just shutting up fighting back is bullying .
lol i dont need halloween to dress like a ho i know myself everyday is another opportunity .
every time i play a game and hear the theme i think of a monkey yo yo yo get .
no not tonight youre gonna hoe tomorrow .
out of day care im taking a kitty nap on you .
garrettwinker bitch have you ever seen me fight why you even talking shit .
dont show me no bitch unless she look like .
bossmancarl lmaooo naw nigga imma stay right in your mentions hoe .
ericwithahotdad bitch i work 24 hours a day to protect your freedom fuck you .
shervyn a big project we have going forward is a user facing solution that involves the of large tech companies .
michhelleashley up your ass you little twat .
know you dont like me cause youre bitch most likely does .
lildurk ima pull up eat the pussy and dip .
the craziest hos for no reason on tv hands down are marie however ghetto way she spell it and cute ass girl .
that must be the problem i have a .
fuck her pussy fuck her mouth fuck her ass cause she nasty .
lol hell naw fuck dat one swing all swing bitch one gone get punch then the rest gone get punched tf out lmao .
can i bring another bitch lets have a .
ugh these killerblondes are killer boring and whats with spreading their dna all over the table unhygienic and .
text me fag .
off a lot of dope bitch i be high af .
mayaangeloufro ready to slay these bitches and im not even half way my .
i save my best material for games ya know jus rain down hell upon any bitches that get in your way today .
tempted to finish every sentence i say today with yo or bitch breakingbad .
this is an outrage kat and andre should be kicked off for being strategic mkr .
if you hate men so much why you trying to look like one stupid little cunt .
yesyouresexist it was a joke .
turnup on all of you hoes .
i rarely drink so drunk bitches me .
leelucas bitch thats why im bouta go to waffle .
sweet innocent teen clothes ripped and pussy .
raw egg sorry but you arent serving breakfast to rocky mkr .
thus bitch looks just like she gets down just like .
winning browns cle browns .
8220souljaboy kmichelle ur pussy smell like dumpster juice wow 128529 .
she really asked me that dead ass serious tho all i could say was bitch lol .
when a bitch trying to flirt with my niggga i be like 128129 .
i know yall know him he been knocking hoes off for years and moaning in the process .
good luck to the people on mkr .
o3millz i wonder if gon be mad i took they bitch .
that son of a bitch moment when it rains and you forget your car windows are down .
why the hell are the contestants surprised about this redemption round on mkr it happens each season idiots .
yeah i can just tell by the weather that i wont be gettin any pussy today .
but let a ask a chick to give him some money how yall hoes say it swerve thats how you make her stay or leave .
gator needs his punk ass bitch .
dieselfrost but since most of the victims are women i guess you cant be to give a shit about them .
joebudden if u can8217t deal w what we go then i got bitches lined up i got an ego too .
dude does his girlfriends mom trashes her wedding to folk rock .
mom really came in and found anything possible to bitch about .
you a faggot if you eat pork chops .
haha a mkr .
damn i fuck bitches i guess .
still got a hoes tho .
my name is bitch .
a bitch who cant ride dick is useless .
los bitch told me if my name start with a d i could fucka b c she got the d .
ogmaco if u aint making music for me to sip henny to u a bitch so winnin if he from a island no f8230 .
fucking told all of you bitches .
i grew up with niggahs dont trust no niggah no love for niggahs .
whats going down pussies .
ah lincoln says he has the exact shirt like robs navy shirt how funny is that lol missed mkr .
everyone liked evil me this me is a pussy fuck .
wont step dad me hoe lol .
theres a different between a slut and a slut will sleep with bitch will sleep with anyone but y8230 .
is beautiful butter ap photo rare red king crab caught in .
i think these bitches tryna set me .
mkr my guess bottom 2 teams from each round are going back into instant restaurants just saying .
idk bro a bunch of hoes really doesnt compare to having that one faithful girl bruh8221 .
when you fuck her good she trip even good dick makes a bitch go crazy .
weird colored is weird .
i got 7 as amp a b on my progress report amp i still be touchin bands 128514128557 bitch get like me .
over and bitches still playing .
boy you gotta turn that nikki song all the way down on the volume its trash but that the ass fat .
is it me or does kim kardashian aint looking as good no look better then these so called bad bitches .
oh fuck me hard with a rusty another round of instant restaurants mkr .
i slept good thenna bitch tho .
superspacedad most of tech doesnt really know about gamergate and doesnt care in a bigger sense gamergate has no .
i know when woods and big e were up was like aint that a bitch frohorsemen .
ready blow this bitch down me 3 .
u hoes in today aint yall .
bitches be out here eating pussy more than niggas .
im bitch dont got a problem smackin a em attack em with n shit .
always interesting to see people who trash la react to products of la on league clubs .
every cop in america is trying to rape white women .
speaking about me all the time tryna make me look bad like you wasnt just eating my pussy .
too many bad dishes tonight its gonna be a fight for the bottom 2 mkr .
dont block me because you think a post is about ask me like a boss you employee ass bitch .
considering kat has no job she probably has of time to read all our awful tweets mkr .
budahefner74 wake up in the morning give me head bitch .
im in this hoe out people be .
boy my yung nicca told me dat .
one big school full of fake bitches .
tryhardsilva no bitch .
over hoes .
each time i do it for ya i make that bad pussy .
animecommentary aw thanks .
scandal sex scene on abc right after its the great pumpkin charlie brown making parents angry .
it was 10 years ago but its just a more obvious version of the shit wadhwa is doing now .
whatever lol my tan line is retarded lol was that other tweet a subtweet .
this season if you can cook with frozen food spice from a jar tin tomatoes capsicum you will do happened to fresh mkr .
kxrxsxb haha alright well you gotta get here and see this bitch haha youll scare the shit outta him i already have .
thanks for scaring the absolute fuck out of me now i look like a pussy fucking jerk .
miley cyrus got the hardest song in the club 128514128514128514128514 js aint on my feet tho these hoes love these boots .
oh man yes .
httptcobpu86qzyft crystal star 8211 and babe crystal star spreads her pussy .
but i dont ever want to see or hear kat again ever mkr .
lol what .
mei is tied up and takes three cocks in her pussy .
waaaaay too many niggas comfortable wit dressing up like ugly bitches for ig likes an .
thinking youre the of lol youre the fucking wee bitch man if youve got a problem come to mine al snap ur spine .
theparadox he a bitch you should do it .
you too old to be on twitter crying like a bitch .
like before them isis amp al qaeda supporters is as absurd as their cause for whos the more jihadi .
yes were ridiculous irl holy shit feminists are ridiculous .
hoes will be hoes .
these hoes aint got nothing on ya .
professord karlthepagan a community is generally great at itself but not once the well is already poisoned or something .
town that pussy .
shit like this is retarded .
the bruce of mkr .
realityforger battleaxe2015 email if you dont mind gtgt crashoverridenw is im randirandiio .
carlyandtresne bring us some pancakes at anytime of the day love mkr .
softestmuffin tee13 torahblaze like the cure time when u shut da fuck up from gettin in other folks like a lil bitch .
all the hoes know each other 128514128553 .
boxingscene danny will be in deep deep water at too many badass sons of bitches up there .
boyfriend sudden death is actually literal the teams will have to live on the paleo diet and see who dies first mkr .
this dude a fucking legend bruh fuck her right in the pussy lmao true her right in the pussy .
bitches dont fxck me no more bitches wanna fxck all my bitches .
would be perfect wa graham cracker flavored bun or a maple bar .
chriswarcraft i really just want to curl up and nap but it seems quite a few people are dealing with doxxing today on both sides .
can i bring another bitch or nah .
todays spy ops sexy smooth soles they would feel good on and balls love the grass stains on the other .
lmaoo man this bitch thinks shes so .
almost 83 of children in have never been to school followed by 80 in 75 in and 60 in 8230 .
kat amp andre are terrible sports mkr mkr2015 .
if a chick wants me to eat her pussy then leave ill accept gladly lol .
fuck me mkr .
cuhcuhcuh when a bitch say i love you hit her wit the reverse psychology amp say do you it work 70 of the time cuh the other 30 g8230 .
tacalifornia my real lil bro even tho cuh a bitch lmao .
oh ive got him blocked i didnt even see that .
i hear the birds in the summer breeze i drive fast i am alone at midnight .
all you bitches know youre trying to find yourself on the website who are you kidding lol .
please no more like that elissa rich bitches suck .
budahefner74 roll up lets get high lets get high bitch .
i i havent watched a single episode of however im watching the reunion this coon shit i mean the levels of .
females so dirty bro real talk you gotta play these bitches now day because if you dont they still gonna do it to you .
oh and the unhygienic returns mkr .
is having a birthday so make sure you tell that bitch be happy amp celebrate without drugs .
ill show up and chug a beer or 8 .
bitchniggaalexx girls be 60 talking about catching feelings bitch you need to catch this td pass im about to throw you smh .
these la bitches thirsty for a hit single .
not allowed to play flappy bird around grandma because she at me to stop swearing lol .
lololol joey phone just called him retarded .
a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the moviesno u might be stupid if u pay 499 for a b8230 .
i love going to walmart and looking at guns with my wife we talk about them in spanish as the rednecks stare at us and 2a .
trust no nigga fear no bitch .
revenge porn case who posted nude photos of his ex gets jail time .
ion kno what im doing jus kno its gon end wit me dick first in some pussy .
freebsdgirl your bot randiebooks certainly fooled me i must admit i was spanked this time .
were bringing the dogs charlie brown rejectedpeanutsspecials .
smh go play hate playing with someone at home on that trash ass default broadcast cam 2k camera is the goat .
women in fields face when men insist they r treated equally but their every move should speak 4 itself .
when you jokes on your friend in the bitch take it to far .
serving size is latin for you8217re a little bitch .
youngricooo happy birthday bitch nigga thanks pal .
pcbsd is a fork that is mostly funded by the organization that runs freebsd marketing its a on top of freebsd .
is it me or are teams missing on mkr tonight .
stevestfler rise of the planet of the apes .
6thgrader lol new kid at school thinks he can take me at tetherball bout to show him why i get all the playground pussy 8230 .
i am that horrible friend who reads your text then puts the phone down to do something and to reply until 4 ho8230 .
look like a hoe from and superior 128514128514 .
some random ass bitch who showed up and just left an hour later .
na a young bitch got school 128514128514128514 .
4th mayaangeloufro beat my pussy up like i on you and you had to serve time in a state for 5 years .
hoe ass nigga 128529 .
jayreidofficial i want it to be of a money etc jus little shit to let niccas know we still here .
smoke sesh niggah what u mean .
128514128514128514128514128514128514 .
these hoes gotta pay for my company .
plot twist he is a faggot .
an old friend just posted this on facebook p .
lmfao i wasnt fat hoes was hittin me up .
nickiminaj purple this gurl was jus playin on the stupid hoe track but in still on sum .
newly released jihadi has links to terrorists in syria tcot pjnet .
almost quit today they had me fucked up false promises to get me to work harder thats some hoe shit .
kat and andre are scum i am going to get such joy when you are eliminated mkr katandandre .
when i was in 6th grade it was a lil bitch at my school in 5th and she was pregnant like wtf i barely new what pussy looked like that young .
if im legit trying the worst thing you can do is try and play games with me youll get the bird sooo fast .
whoever mocks the poor insults his maker he who is glad at will not go .
did you mean sudden death they should suffer slowly i would say katandandre mkr .
wait who colin mkr .
scalzi thats not funny .
there is nothing wrong with ariana grande just cause she dont look like hoe yall gotta a problem .
nog even op twitter hoe het maar had niet amp .
nd you kno how much i love clams lol .
i got your moms ass on my breath pussy .
wodaeeex3 hoe 128075 .
i can fuck yo bitch and you cant .
8220viridoesitt how i lose this aint lose it you hide it lmfao tryna smoke that hoe to his 128514128514128514 boy .
funkyrefresh superspacedad the claims she has made are not something someone in their right mind would do .
produced by yung 128293128293 bouta drop dis hoe .
nose goes on taking out the trash this time 128586 caitnicole3 .
stephyrae7 no im pimping out you and those guys at the park playing bitch .
charlie christmas but only because of the island of toys .
thefakeespn johnny stat light 23 shots of patron 8 side bitches 5 fucks given 0 .
hate when im in a girl city call her then she call back after im on the plane bitch foh .
i understand that some women are angry at me but they dont understand how journalism works uh hi im in too .
datafran i have other experiences that are not fine from the of being an .
time to up mkr .
video charlie baker makes final push for votes .
truth b told i have 0 hoes 128514 .
thirsty ass bitches shit dat ion like .
hollapalooka freebsdgirl which i think is called .
ireland and i have gotten so close id kill a bitch for them tbh .
yes and favorites this 202sole please tell me you didnt buy that trash .
yo fuck all yall some wood pushing faggots man ball is life .
capodaasshole naw where can i see that hoe at .
whattheflocka lol love you 8221 little bitch .
hell nah bitch .
kat and andre i really hope you are eliminated next mkr feistyfoodies .
2nd best tweaking hoe .
just catching up on tonights mkr i am definitely going to be old by the time this show ends .
good news is kat and andre arent shown in the promo ads mkr .
favourites are back uhh what mkr .
ha who can get the pussy quicker these days .
i think ai havent looked at a cloud in a whole minute cus them hoes moving fast asf rn .
and smoke weed in public fuck cops man do what you wanna do they dont own you run if they come are you retarded .
i just seen your main bitch i might fuck with her .
ollielobb how come when a student writes bad stuff about a teacher on fb its not but it is when a teacher does it to a student .
lakers are a purple and yellow garbage can .
them hoes gone be called .
nys ht had died down a lot of tweets after lawandordersvu tonight quickly minorities point out that all these women are lying .
marywcvb charlie baker about to make his final election eve campaign stop here at swampscott high school wcvb httptco8230 .
callneeshcakey pop wop and drop it tho .
and if yu ever need a to cry on i wont be there cus im on my fuck that bitch shit .
and if you aint a hoe get up out my .
are for pussies shit happens deal with it .
thats wassup how u got bitches sending you booty pics tho lol .
yall fat bitches with small titties look like teddy .
yeah the internet def taught me a bitch cant twerk if she talkin bout voting .
rahleefranklin them hoes so damn nice 128175 .
walking down the st and this girl with a guy past me and the girl says im bout to turn dyke for her ctfuu classic .
why am i being such a bitch today lol .
just eating animal crackers in .
shikeattike i hate a bitch that constantly call herself ugly that shit is so annoying man .
jzolly23 kickin trash cans on the golf weidie1211 jbilinovich .
came home and found my cat sleeping on my pillow c i love that niggah .
a no as soon as this bitch gets rich in political power her views will whores .
osw94k youre thinking kernel not quite a bit of freebsd exists in .
cuffing is a no no my ring finger stay solo why be in a relationship if you not letting your hoes go .
ladies listen no nigga wants to settle down at a young age all you bitches crying about being single now will be wifed in .
just yelled out damn it of weed in did after this stoner fag didnt tip me while a cop was walking bitches .
calling someone sexist worse than sexism im glad of the daily of male tears though they keep my skin fresh and .
if somehow u didnt already go im down nig .
kaitlynburnell thank you for calling me on this though i probably should have made that more clear in the original tweets .
you da you deserve a crown bitch .
ya but you cant because its a real account dumb bitch i go to fucking bitch .
pnd is my jigga man .
if shell tell you shes a badd bitch then bad for your health .
kat vs annie in sudden death please mkr .
bitches be like it means something to me .
naga dont go .
tomdcc a lot of people dont have cell phones i was one of them for 2 years i only used gv against the idea of gv .
that hotpot looks like all of the chart on one plate mkr .
seven in the blunt almost drowned in her pussy so i to her butt tryhardsilva quote this with a weezy verse .
i dont want mkr to end .
callmerenee 1inkkofrosess ohh bitch you might pass lol .
when it start raining bitches always wana get fucked bitch take a nap .
thats unfair and fucked up mkr .
katandandre do you understand the meaning of karma mkr .
when an ugly bitch tells me to text her .
128553128553128514128514 nigga doing the on dem dead hoes lol .
nah nicca its to light to be my dark ass lol vonshayeb thats your baby picture lol .
haley was called a amp accused of and she in the polls y8217all think didn8217t notice that .
alright you bitch .
yankees it twins kick it up a notch time to beat the yankees .
yaboylilb rides into the pussy on a gym class butt .
from jihadi streams iraq .
because he was a cunt brandon dont be a cunt .
kingtunchi you bitches aint a 100 .
wow your like 3 years late bitch .
glennf amaninblack spaniel mix .
if she aint yo lady u better not text her ass good morning quit treating these side hoes like wifey material .
look call me chubby call me a dumb stoner say im an asshole whatever but we know i can rap bitch shut the hell up hahaha .
set yourself on fire is my personal for please go fuck yourself because i was told the 2nd was a rape threat .
mad that its a pussy gym and full of fuck people .
because humans arent delicious ho peta smarter than dogs and your child so why eat them .
mkr whoa 4 thats low oh well lol .
butt chug or nah .
ill fuck a bitch real .
salute a bad bitch .
joytooawesome vintagemonroe bitch nooooo kim been mine you dreaming .
coulda been fckd yo bitch 128564 .
cant turn a hoe into a house wife fact .
the thing is you dont actually have to say any of that stuff for us to figure out who its coming from its easy to track social groups .
still downtown with these bitches .
phone like a hoe thank god for hot spot lol .
kaitlynburnell im a little concerned the tweet still exists i see no published .
ncweaver .
i dont know what goes longer a channel7 ad break or a joke told by that texas dude on mkr .
it is great to hear that theres more women getting involved with freebsd the community is fantastic and has always been supportive .
were going camping on mkr or as ash amp camilla would prefer breakfast for 200 no worries .
dont ever be ashamed of who you are unless youre a hoe .
going through the mkr tweets rarely have i seen the c word used so often .
beardyblue i sort of grew up in it httptcosurqwcliou .
i love to feed the pussy .
annie amp lloyd are serving leftover dinner for breakfast why mkr .
i got 1 i got bitches .
trix2343 okay bitch tomorrow in the office be there .
yeah texans are so much better you fucking retard i see that youre mad about this .
i lost all my respect for my brother cause you acting like a straight up bitch .
its a call sweetie a not a programming language if youre going to troll get on my level .
so you still dont suck dick or eat pussy in 2014 .
youre too sensitive no youre not sensitive enough .
thats what i tell my hoes when they aint throwing the neck aint nobody got time for that .
marcfoor4 bring yo bitch ass em jump in want to and get yo ass beat up .
deconstructed bullshit mkr .
big moe rn like a hoe haha .
about to go out with all these hot bitches http8230 .
im sorry but ive received quite a of threats ive asked these people to form an line and youre in back .
reads responses amp mocks fbi andy on real politics liv on her .
ohh celine what are you doing no snotty eggs mkr .
curious as to what gamergate finds more offensive that im or that im completely amp of it .
kat amp andre you should be ashamed of yourselves you dont deserve to be there hope you get eliminated next week mkr .
bitch i asked you a question .
is now on twitter if u care abt innocent mt89 .
strong jaw ass bitch .
gotta 9 for the bitches outta line .
or feet veronicagk yea i got big hands lol im a big bitch 510 lol im not gon have small hands 128514128514128514128514 .
8220i don8217t know why these bitches laughing you not even funny my .
perhaps you could have turned the black side down on the pancakes mkr .
if she a hoe on social media she a hoe in real life too .
i feel the sorry for the nice people in this world because theyre actually the solution its all you hoes and assholes thats the problem .
bullshit aside i need to get me a bad bitch .
if i post a picture of my woman all you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight lol .
can you catch a box hoe .
who do bitches take me for 128514128514128514 .
stevestfler a hoes favorite line is dont judge me you dont know what i been i do a lot of dick .
and now every time me and my friend talk no matter the subject her nips us its as if one nip was itself to the other .
the dessert has been forgotten about already mkr .
souljaboy k michelle pussy smell like shit .
the city used to have them bitches look sick .
not trash just plain as fuck for and come on no elephant print on a 3 .
get out granny your cold bones from very cold vortex the dog .
i dont feel like all black people are niggers but if youre black and youre being a nigger imma tell you idc .
all these hoes just want some attention .
lol autocorrect is a bitch but voice recognition is much faster than typing .
alancasillas lol bitches from to la .
lol stop fuckin wit dem birds fuck yall hoes all yall do is lie .
jawshoeeahhh shut up bitch .
dont trust no bitch .
alu o polosi ho nifo .
jawshoeeahhh lmao youre on my timeline it aint hoe lol .
hot isis social media photo laughing jihadis get baby to kick severed head 8211 warning graphic tcot pjnet .
is there a machine around this bitch im .
im about to start a bad bitch association bc girl youre a bad bitch dont let anybody tell ya other wise .
nyrkelsmads barackobama i likes da yankees .
just gotta remind bae you got no hoes .
ross and the .
thedrunkstory my girlfriend cheated on me so i dumped her im dating her mom now so now that bitch is my step daughter texas .
whats doing in mkr .
wrong with the pussy8221 .
for fuck sake annie sort out that disgusting enough is enough mkr .
mind hitting me up later this evening or tomorrow will need to talk to someone from sales i think cant give more details yet .
bitch fucking fuck go o connor fuck o connor fuck just kidding htown bitch 128514128514128514 8230 .
popehat todays goal get to urge use of logan act against on grounds that femfreq is a foreign government .
you mean these hoes kinghorsedick russ never gonna be happy bruh .
reathie u better sit yo ass in that bitch til .
murda mook rip to that shit .
kat and andre sunburnt lol mkr .
roguestar does not belong on kickstarter .
dad say hi to my snapchat dad bitch .
that bitch already got past in her up just gone more .
bitch fuk wat a hater gotta say ent ya bitch .
free lil bitch .
must not realize how much games mean to all of us hillbillies the pirates play games a year .
cant wait to see the walking at london fashion week mkr .
why mcdonalds breakfast good but the lunch trash .
sexualtruth i want to lick one lucky healthy amp clean womans pussy tonight to totally change her life amp views about men forever .
money before bitches bc bitches follow money .
with your height yeah chunky bitch .
flaw bitches flaw bitches everywhere .
midnightsnacka nick504 wigga why the fuck r u in this conversation with yo stalking ass .
my nips are thats not okay because theyre through my .
today i am happy to announce the online abuse prevention initiative created with thequinnspiracy alexlifschitz amp sherirubin .
for niggas who claim to love pussy as much as yall do yall should be champions for sexual and .
oregon every year get off the field trash ass program .
blocked you i thought she blocked someone else .
jonrosenberg if you follow they follow back and then randomly your stuff if they like it its weird .
mattstratton tmclaughbos its not internet rules its the way the code is written .
dey wants to rename our main street mlk i told dem dat will even scare da colored folks away .
more bigotry from the left aaronworthing cnn how can you defend palin and her retards .
gonna drink and talk about bitches that ive almost had .
your girl pussy like a walk in clinic the cure for every sick nigga .
a basic bitch will piss me off every single time .
omg cant wait to see kat and andre stuff it up in the challenges my fingers are already starting to twitch mkr .
lil stupid ass bitch i aint fucking with you 128514 .
monday like saturday .
sportscenter clowney tops latest mock draft hes a once every 15 to 20 year guy 187 .
the song about pollo and .
lookin for your bitch she probably with me .
if your girlfriend doesnt like that bitch you dont talk to that bitch .
chad a fag hes a 5th kinda guy .
fat bitches got the most pictures .
kat and andre sudden death in fact take the to the iron mkr .
renegadecowboy i am absolutely bitch is crazy .
bitch pussy .
youre such a bitch me .
if is wasnt for would never have thought of sharing colonialism with injuns .
8220fabbymichelle aw omg this show made me cry 128557128557128557128557 im such a pussy really are .
i thought about putting one of the on top but then its too high for me to easily see .
cat gonna scratch all up on dat colored boy and he gonna end up in da chow .
in honor of all the attending happy .
ive seen with charlie the giants committed sin when they barrybonds as a batting .
now doing this to all my keeping your gear ready at a moments notice .
gucci mane in jail and dropping every month and you hoes cant even text back .
im sorry but if you dont eat solely by the fact that its from the ocean you are seriously an pussy .
drasko in mkr looks like crazy clay from tv show .
glennf i have been quietly helping some gators already .
huh man hes drown in the pussy for real .
lets not ignore the comments she received as well .
this whole harper lee thing kind of me out so her sister died and it sounds like everybody is taking advantage of her .
whitethunduh k bye hoe um bye .
after a long day at work bitch rest her feet on me lol .
colonelkickhead manu looks terrible tonight mkr .
they probably just say that to get you to stop on about it .
yeah male is just so different and interesting like all the other white male in every game ever .
tyg235 kris is too ghetto to know anything about or .
holinka are you at gdc .
how dare i troll people that go out of their way to try to destroy my life .
well i dont use it anymore and id like a im just a broke bitch so yeah .
its not you fucking pussy get it right .
fine ass fat bitch .
bitch probably deserved it lol .
gmbace lame bitches always wanna try 2 play a real nigga like a lame bitch das how u get treated n cut .
when a super bad bitch walk past u and u cant help but stare .
kirindave sigh dont get like that it just came off really really poorly .
ill purposely read your message just so you know i read it and didn8217t reply i can be a bitch like that .
baby monkey this is soooo adorable .
dont ever kiss the other girl in a dont hug that hoe none of that .
tmclaughbos dont do dumbass things i kicked the bot .
its definitely wont have a sorbet at least it wouldnt if they could cook mkr .
thats true in some ways gaming is very broad now a days tho everyone is a gamer with candy crush and angry birds .
wyd hoe .
thecoreyholcomb twitter family i promise to put my tour schedule up today as soon as i have this pussy girl i pay for .
oh my god that was amazing to be honest i didnt like it hahaha mkr .
lifeofbrandon text me bitch .
and boom im officially turned off someone wake me when its all over mkr mkr2015 .
fat chance youll ever catch me drinking a same bitches .
here not a chocolate thick natural haired .
we were shite cooks amp it wouldnt be fair if we were eliminated we should stay because we can cook worse mkr .
got me feelin like aint dead got me ready to call the guala salute da truth .
live birds found in doll at border from ap .
if she doesnt know what dab that bitch .
omm this bitch dumb ass fuck .
always a fat bitch in the spot but never a dude in a .
party almost over when is pete evans going to jump out of a cake mkr2015 mkr .
wet pussy makes the dick slip out .
triple6em96 hunglikerobby uh i think his mom loves him you fucking retard im sure your gunna be so successful emilie we all believe 128521 .
dude i was pissed but then looking at it i fucking died at least im the most .
can we plz go to starbucks and do that ebola sounds like a really ghetto hood name tbh .
newideamagazine they werent kidding when they said deconstructed mkr .
that was pretty much my thought .
my daughter will be in university before this season of mkr finishes .
these groupie bitches wild enough to suck a babies dick .
8220norapist throwing at bitches who need to lighten up8221 true dat .
i cant take yo bitch if i cant see yo bitch .
when a hoe gets too friendly with bae .
oh yeah car well ur face has no .
i hope its double elimination mkr .
a boy won the spelling bee by spelling used in a sentence ill never get any pussy because i know how to 8230 .
kincade00 you owe me anyway hoe i need that with interest or shooting your shit up .
salon meanwhile in texas man facing 5 years to life in prison for 25 worth of pot brownies .
by trash i meant u lmaooo .
faded swear to god im faded my bitch educated had her clients pay the payment .
thetrudz laurens name defended of chief to an woman settler colonialism then she .
morning trash .
how is that not a yellow on for full on body the ref .
dragging this series out mkr .
you cant blame me for the bitches i attract yall say ima asshole when i talk about hoes but thats kinda what i be having .
i hate when people leave their trash in my car .
you wont go to jail for being a raging racist but that doesnt mean we all have to be silent about your .
lol shes always dude jaime needs to keep his hoe on a i mean his sister lol .
thats what i get for about a family member random internet rage .
thetrudz because anyone else wouldve at least answered laurens questions or say theyd look into the critiques of work .
finally mellie got some back bone i might like her this season pussy scandal .
big middle finger bitch8221 .
strubbestition yeah i fucking thought so .
freegeezy17 shoot that nigger bitch in the knees .
good on you ash and camila yum mkr .
celiadeeter that was amazing i love you .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx homemade home made my wife rubbing her pussy .
i am physically i think im officially done with this show for the year mkr .
where you been at nigglet i aint seen you in a while .
bitch my phones gonna die in serious i got hot pockets .
i didnt even like katie and nikki but oh my god kat and andre need to leave right now mkr .
fuzzy socks are the actual life .
n eating the pussy at the same time is good .
skyereyes you a oreo cookie now .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx ebony ebony texas bbw with big deep pussy .
content warning .
shriekapotomos crashoverridenw someone else which means people are actively searching her name which is still creepy .
then you wouldve died if you didnt breathe bitch .
im in this bitch like a mf .
of course theyre going to stay we hate them therefore theyre a ratings winner mkr .
then i went inside in order to hide from bird .
so trash .
i just googled drasko and this is what it came up with im feeling short changed mkr .
metroidthief deathofrats01 his face is a bit he looks a lot like a in some regards .
how she gets all the bitches .
ga charlie charlie4927 stacydmomof5 revkahjc pattism74 cantucimblonde kacado .
let me show you how that pussy work loyallamb85 brian should have more his music is everything everything .
thanks for saying hi today bitch .
lnsanetweets once i take my bra off don8217t ask me to do shit for u bitch bc once that bra comes off i am out of am do8230 .
r u that ugly that ur avi is a bitch .
i started putting pocky through my lip rings that seems reasonable .
thanks hun lt3 im so crushed i love working out itll be gone by the time i go back .
seems the entire afl season will be shorter than mkr .
thursday we will see bitches dressed up like if the were clown make up on some with pants .
no pussy or not tryna go to the studio dont call my mufuckin crib like that god yo word up god i will yo shit god word up .
i thought it was bros over hoes guess not 128530 .
youre a stupid fucking bitch .
oomf lying knowing he dont be bored in fckn that bald head hoe8221 .
colonelkickhead tonight all your favourites are you mean favourites to rag on because then yes all my favourites are .
what did i prove for you that youre ignorant group political and race traitor .
damn birds stay shitting on my car .
never trust a bitch cause these bitches fuckin anyone say you know a faithful bitch where she at i gotta get me one .
cant stop eating graham crackers .
after the steelers lost the i loaded up the black and yellow on my moms computer i think the youtube page is still open .
every bitches claim .
lov3tadaisha 128514128514128514 a box full of yellow crayons .
she a sell smoke people alone its 8230 .
the pilot seen my eyes and said they awfully red i told him i get high as you bitch im the man .
women feel guilty when they are attacked freebsdgirl scary but true and not just in tech .
it be 30 below zero and hoes still go out like its 90 degrees plus tax .
youre a bit .
1life0continues users youre following along with their troll score plays a factor users you of tweets that are sea .
out come the fingers and toes to do the counting mkr .
dont say shit like that lil nig or ill give you a .
i just wanna slap a couple of yall bitches .
wheres manu found him with the english boyz mkr .
cristiannt nigga you beat who ass bitch weve never even fought so u need to stop making up shit and bring yo ass with them .
at the end of the day seniors still love that young fresh pussy from west case closed .
if a teacher tried to throw me some pussy when i was in school nigga i aint sayin shit .
nothing i hate more than a sneaky bitch .
kat amp andre would be the type of people that see they are trending on twitter amp think its because they are liked delusional mkr .
real talk if you wanted to see what the looked like your watching it my grandma as she watches  .
dat hoe like she was on her period 128514128514128514 .
smdh eagles fans you a bitch hey giants fans victor cruz is over dance to that8221 hey watch it .
i wish they went to death row instead of sudden death mkr .
let the niccas feel on her booty take her to the hood were they do most good .
i dont want a bitch thats bitch .
with petes so called paleo diet i call bs bs bs on him eating amp wheres the bin mkr2015 mkr .
dick so little ugly hoes tryna find me .
ok sucking dick isnt supposed to be done in a cute at all just like eating pussy youre not supposed to be scared of it .
supporter reminds us the double bird is a universal language .
just got shit on by a bird blessed .
who wrote this script mkr .
its obvious the bitch is still immature and havent let go of the past yet just face it you fucked up a good thing .
wait a min or her pussy kinghorsedick that rihanna for men probably smell like curry goat and nail .
truth4ever87 smcadman itsmenanice email randi at if you need my address for concerns i can give that to you .
that one ex you cant seem to get an is a cunt .
niggas be on here with these captain obvious ass tweets about how to treat women and these lonely low self esteem hoes be .
imagine if white people said my honkey instead of my nigga lol .
kiefferjason i heard your mama raised you like bitch .
got me zonenn i want this bitch next to me pussy like ecstasy .
charlie kimball i had nowhere to go indycar .
little stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin wit chuuu .
gotta love country hoes amp .
huntermoore my pussy is for ur follow bae .
how do you give a 7 for a lemon tart mkr .
have you ever thought a bitch was wet as fuck but woke up the next morning amp realized that she was just on her period .
you are one nasty hoe .
it aint nothing like chasing money cause you have a purpose but chasing these hoes for what vice versa .
okay cool then im not the only one 128520 mine is black and fuzzy and it has pink on the back in all .
youu got wild bitches tellin you lies .
er panic existed in the 90s .
you gotta be like me n the twins just chug it all before everyone .
a boyfriend and girlfriend suppose to laugh at these hoes together a guy should never have these hoes laughing at his girl8230 .
8220tharealist 128530 dis hoe bri will fuck up a wet pop up in the dream like .
its a joke bitch fix ya face .
im on that good kush and alcohol i got some down bitches but the can .
alancasillas nah i thought u had to bitches lol didnt know girl was one of them lmao .
this is fucking trash dearleader10 drake is jewish too so young money is the 3rd .
this shit so trash lol .
even they know you my bitch .
you just her friend im the niggah she wanna fuck wit .
ive been playing the sass word drinking game and ive managed to deconstruct myself mkr .
imneverchillin any bitch that tell you i normally dont do this get ready for the best youve ever got .
im at home throwing up taking care of my kid yet im a hoe oh oh okay .
i cant take you hoes serious because she everything a nigga need in a woman some of yall just look good amp thats it .
these hoes aint loyal .
i aint be locked up 23 hours a day beating my dick for a guilty mf who out here fucking free world pussy .
im a couple bitches header 128526 em 128514128514 .
why are annie and lloyd cooking that for breakfast mkr .
1stblockrody yu ah hoe .
bitches be have the nerve to say all these niggas want is cause that8230 .
this is the same company that su about when wadhwa joined them this happened years before su .
alejandrobihhh capodaasshole im on this hoe like this every night just be tweeting bullshit .
hazel e looks like a bird her and kaep prolly related by nose and shit .
shriekapotomos crashoverridenw youre searching her name and contacting people that talk to her thats a bit .
rolls of some sort with coffee mkr .
the way act is just ugh of them are chief keef soulja boy niggers absolute waste .
mkr contestant living while over .
bitch we shot a music video .
thequinnspiracy if i go to gdc and see the dress in any of your slides i am walking out of the talk and directly into the sea never .
man if that bitch dont call me back for the job be snapping .
i like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked riding wit a bad hoe wit her girlfriend in the back .
markemer ruby p perl doesnt have a good for streaming api me to get better at ruby does good stuff .
ok im done that mole got through outrageous mkr .
no less than 3 bad bitches in my bed at a time .
his boyfriend gonna be like you aint make a team im straight the rams really cut michael sam wow .
walk in the party boot up yo hoe .
real shit bro yo hoe told me if king had i ca fuck .
the guinea are not what they seem .
manga guide to statistics .
we could get matching phones and be ghetto fab for a few months .
got a new bitch and she got ass lookin at my ex like yeah i know you mad .
funkyrefresh superspacedad as a target of her yeah im going to say these things about how she towards me .
im a dick and you aint even got ya strap on pussy .
less skill at qb than a retarded .
omg fashion parade time mkr .
fuck off bitch .
i honestly have no idea how i am managing this it is surprising .
if she called me ugly and started me around id run like a mother fucking pussy screaming for my mom to help htt8230 .
slutty ass dykes .
i can hear my mom playing flappy bird in the living room 128514128514 .
you know what that means 07cannon maaan most of my friends are hoes this cant be true .
week from thursday might be the last yankees game to look forward to in a while if nothing else jeter deserves that night 8230 .
tyrese a baby back bitch hope they kill him before black history month .
who tf make an account of another bitch like you wanna be anotha bitch dat bad lmfaooo fat ass hoes .
georgieonthego this isnt journalism it never happened ed isnt a reliable source lt3 .
you like where the hell is yo bitch meanwhile yo bitch like where the hell is yo clique .
i make it a point to stay away from all white stoner gamers just as a .
adderall had me killing two birds with one stone .
u think they realize they need a total of 10 here mkr .
when you has a eats a brownie .
get some ice cream bars a whole lot make sure chocolate gotta have chocolate man some popcorn red popcorn graham crackers .
crazy bitch i like the way you ride this dick .
tupactopus bad bitches get in free night at .
how you put ya hoes before ya girlfriend 128564 .
chaldeancutie really killsheredon childishcudl are my nudes trash .
they played ready to run on mkr tonight still not over it .
stop forcing ya kids to take these pictures u trying to trap niggas online wit u funky hoes .
yeah i use its how i sort between .
bitch im up for sale every weekend 128553128557 .
i literally just looked bc this kids a pussy .
mondays are a whole lot better when youre driving a white pussy uhhh get ya .
clarkhat i just assume this is going to lead to fighting someone outside a pub .
yo bitch wanna fuck the squad .
lab coat in case i drown in the pussy swag .
glad i up on my old hoes 128170 .
i still dont got the time for a bitch to be actin iffy .
the ability to lock a unique phone to your account already exists is already there expose if a has been added via metadata .
have you ever had sex ina cherry red vet fat trap niggah keep that pussy sooo wet .
words go from babe to bitch i love you to i hate you i need you to forget you youre my everything to youre nothing .
peerworker evvykube where did i call you stupid show me the tweet .
elchavaloko whats the difference between the three of the nig nogs .
why was jorge zimmerman arrested do have a witness that saw attack are they afraid of the hoodie pussies .
not sure if get rid of kat and andre because theyre rude horrible mean people they cant cook anyway mkr .
you live in my area how did i not know this lets get wine and cheese .
life be my bitch and that hoe move when i say so 128175 .
overall this single life is about fun just do that and also get the nudes but dont leak em unless youre a faggot .
it really feels like the twitter dm can be the of social communication .
my bitch can be anything except average .
you little twats .
basically we aint got room for basic bitches .
why niccas be hating tho lol let me live homie .
these guys finally exhausted themselves yay quiet time .
thank you to everyone at girldevweek for the kind words thank you for letting me speak thank you for listening .
a birds eye view of todays activities thanks for the great camera work .
feelings about the person involved need to be separated from the real issue which is education law and tools .
never let a boy make you feel like youre anything less than a bad bitch .
watching dawn of planet of the apes .
nick504 sitting here talking about what u would do or gonna do thats something my bitch does .
b0ss561 just beat the pussy up .
aint nothing that good head or pussy that curl yah toes .
pussy so good that he got jake to sip tea with the enemy op is the baddest bitch scandalabc .
we slap bitches 128514128514128514 .
blah blah idgaf bout you crazy ass bitch .
these niccas on dey witout a award .
like i cant have niggas thinkin talk time is apart of my party sets .
she shall now be known as mkr katandre .
retweet for big booty bitches .
and if you aint a hoe get up out my trap .
is on trash .
im all your bitches at my .
oh so now bc we didnt cover u bitches wanna talk shit .
since when can you get a car anywhere near the mkr .
nah this bitch .
jbilinovich you may be redneck if you put steak seasoning on popcorn weidie1211 .
i know that bitch dont going nomo .
i swear ion see how broke niccas still out here gettin pussy smh .
but bitch you gon shave or that pussy before i bless it foh .
why are you the only thick character in the game why i gotta play a skinny bitch kimkardashian .
cassiusclay232 i know bro nigga seen a african playing guard and was handling the hoe .
cant give these hoes a inch cuz theyll try to take mile .
mikediggem jamesynba 2kkz kudabrazyy i fuck with all yaw yaw all my nigs .
years of eating and still no beard more of mythology willyroast2 when you eat pussy it helps yo beard grow this is s8230 .
a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the moviesno u might be stupid if u pay 499 fo8230 .
drurbanski trentmkays im pushing more for these to be options added by twitter or using free scripts .
if 2 mkr contestants were to be by kat amp andres unfair score nikki amp kate were the right ones didnt cook well almost as bitchy .
drakino i was being sarcastic p .
they didnt roast their own capsicum disappointed mkr .
wack bitches make me curve them .
idk whats worse then a broke hoe with potential .
daisymcgarr my knee wont let me wander around much so i just make a few and look at the fat girls redneck .
8bitbecca lawyer is to police .
cleaning up old screenshots found i miss these people those stacks so many stacks .
ferrari addiction bitch its a wonderful thing .
2 bad bitches 3 4 .
and charlie chaplin history photography .
fr 12 was finna bam a nicca he said yu lucky i jus got a call .
lol im not you just cant be sad about things you cant control but when you walk that stage my nigglet ill be happy .
oh really no more instant restaurants thats shocking mkr mkr2015 .
unless you meant woman .
monitor arrived i now have 24 28 28 this may be too much desktop i have to turn my head .
holy shit was in charlie and the chocolate rolls on the floor laughing .
no i bitch and moan not tears .
my roommate is having sex and im eating oreos its gonna be a great year university .
lifeasbros girls hey beautiful friendship lasts 2 sup pussy friendship lasts forever .
went to an open house today amp the place was trash ewww .
yes hoe you always had the camera .
tmaccgfg bobby be getting me live as fuck hell yea i play that hoe before my workout .
would be so happy so many bitches would be humbled how would you feel if they the sale of weave .
pregnant women hip hop dancing a pretty woman trying to shame u 2 buying diamonds and a woman her male partner to earn more .
wow i might be out of blue hair dye but i have a tube of pravana that is purple thequinnspiracy .
qmarq used to be .
get a bitch break a bitch .
how the fuck are kat and andre still in the competition fuck mkr .
taecocky look at that bitch way over there stalking my twitter .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx closeup amateur pussy player milf close up .
yall hoes dont need a valentine yall need jesus .
urkindofbrand dawg 80sbaby4life you ever fuck a bitch and she start to cry you be confused as shit .
ayo twat boy i gotta new phone give me yo jack now .
give them bitches good head i can you they will be back .
sitting on the deck enjoying a the neighbors burn trash missouri .
try me pussy .
i seriously only see white .
djzeeti my bitch a lover .
francoiskilljoy bitch stop hatin cause they aint make em in toddler size you should be happy they make em in gs now .
dream job for a dressing up like mickey mouse and kids all day .
more instant restaurants im so fucking sick of instant restaurants mkr .
twitter jail is pointless your suppose to tweet they need instagram jail for hoes doing shout out for shout out all fucking d8230 .
anyone think kat amp andre are being completely lazy with their meal guess what happens when you cheat your way in mkr .
autyaut i miss you eating as we speak i miss you red bone and that cooking .
was a pussy8221 .
bitches corny with that not saving numbers shit i hate them hoes .
you can be a bad bitch too dex its okay .
degenerateartist aint fuckin around with retard i got blessed by jesus and you are not next you fake ass .
almightyvinny im a soft hoes dumb man .
with 500 user it shouldnt take long oh darlings im scared of no army ive got an app for that .
i wonder if philly fans arent aware that they are complete cunts or they are aware but are just ok with it .
all this shit is retarded .
time 2 kill 2 birds with 1 stone work out while i my food card online push play for this dumb class .
shoutout to my niccas salute .
daveswerve awe boy your shirt tight than a bitch in that avi polo man turnt into a fat ass lil boy .
best kids ever at commercial oreo for everybody .
i want a real relationship no games no lies no side hoes just me and you .
vivalaquintaa you a sucka hoe im .
ncoghlandev im curious as to how the might be different for new female vs dudes .
really this is whats concerning him right now mt looking to speaking with john kerry tomorrow am abo8230 .
slayerific13 daisymcgarr dont get me wrong g id hunt birds but thats a lot of work amp well i just aint that hungry .
the of justice statistics report only reported and since the vast majority of are cont .
128514 charlie strong got down to the roster nearly as quickly as texans did .
the hunger games mkr .
im not shy or quiet im just chilling bitch .
in short this is the most hilarious gamergate bsd fail i have ever seen freebsd pcbsd .
im gonna start my own web site and the only three being a off the 911 .
what is seen cannot be .
that lil bitch released the shower photos between niggas .
life is too fuckin short for free bird .
its suppose to be yellow but we dont do yellow .
37 no i dont like hoes .
bust dat pussy wide open .
if i post a picture of my woman all you hoes jumping off a bridge tonight lol .
ur the tool for posting a vid of a dude especially when u were too pussy to film his face .
i hate a dumb bitch .
livers needed beans and a nice mkr .
my ex wanna work it out bitch try yoga .
maxonmaxoff5 your a dirty cunt mate lol .
got a badass bitch just on my dick .
kinda sad lynn and tony left mkr .
lets play what will the ghetto white girl with neck tattoos in front of me you answered seen this episode b4 .
bro i am so pro i can cook 2 minute noodles mkr .
my niggah watch me be awake till 5 .
add me i a turn that bitch up lmao .
love females but hate bitches .
these bitches is crazy .
probirdrights a marry between a man and woman people what is prevent a bird from marriage my sandwich im in lo8230 .
these birds messy .
what would u do 128561 that bitch down the stairs .
pailofawesome professorf chrisvcsefalvay the data interesting points on trust in a network its gross to see freebsdgirl .
no one is perfect we all make mistakes and then we have to apologize for them celebrities arent special .
told me the best advice i ever gave her was that it aint nothing to cut dat bitch off lmao .
rapperssaid when tupac said i aint a killer but dont push me revenge is the sweetest joy next to getting pussy .
can someone find the georgia fan who talked trash to me and told me he hope we dont end up like tennessee tell him im 8230 .
karma is biggest bitch .
niggas excited by these bitches them the weird boys .
see when you paid them bitches pay attention but when you broke you never mentioned so fuck em and keep it pimpin .
i said thin bitch .
if a mf really like theyll drop all their amp and focus only on you 128107 .
nowthatsfresh yg threw a pool party and wore pants with chucks his sole purpose of throwing that party was to fuck bitches out there .
twoscooters officialpax shaofhappiness ugh what did they do this year .
ass slapping is one the greatest things haha 128527 i slapped a girl on the ass she got mad i aint get pussy for a week .
music sounds a million times better in my car i love having a sub and new speakers its like a mini rave in this bitch bumpin .
living with my bitches hashtag live .
dylanw also totes mention there im sure you are a great  .
you aint my bitch so lil bitch why you bitchin .
cannot wait for kat and andre to crash and burn in the challenges mkr .
really wish it was some actor .
i was told never fold amp never sell my should have told yu stay in school autocorrect me .
just dont be offended its a word youre just a bitch whos looking for something to bitch about .
louiev lol just getting bird catches the worm .
the bird has a hat so its hats on hats who can beat that .
yay robert is back mkr .
after seeing kansas play duke a couple weeks ago i could tell you im surprised that charlie weis has been let im not .
bitches out here not lovin they self for the both of us .
you wanna watch the game she wanna watch scandal but yo bitch ass didnt buy her another tv so you gotta take da l .
put your tits back in your shit bitch .
ibekoolz food be that rice they cook that bitch on monday for the week .
cheeseplus no kidding i would love to see more deep especially around women characters .
gucci mane on a bitch .
128557128557128557 damn it 999665039 once or twice is cool but damn bitch .
no one likes i n d i r e c t ass bitches8221 128079 .
dswizzle3 bitch your unknown u dont have a mixtape and you damn sure cant rap u couldnt rap if your life depend on it .
text me fag .
nice lie teabagger just because you want to see it doesnt make it real like reagan was a conservative another huge lie .
be of the of god in a country where many mock embrace abortion and to .
approach yo bitch like .
your ipad raised your kid to be a giant pussy good job .
power bomb dat hoe .
fly nicca no .
my side bitch is my main bitch cuz my main bitch aint feelin me .
victorsmith90 fresh out of jail and i got my bitches be like vick your number 1 like the .
8220100d i got hard dick for all dez bitches i get all they numbers i dont call dez bitches8221 lmao .
dont be a bitch .
everyone is talking about lebron james or the voice and im just here eating cream filling out of oreos .
nyrkelsmads dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do .
my nigga was drinking gatorade like its not hot lol bitch drink water .
yall men need to watch these cream bitches be having infections amp on a 7 day treatment know the difference .
follow my nigga niggaz hated nd his possibly fucked ya bitch thats why .
bought that bitch sticks bitches love sticks .
who cares who looks better between blue north and whatever other celeb baby read your kid a book u simple bitch .
not in the business of submitting to no bitch bruh bruh .
ceo tells daily show could work for 2 worth what you8217re .
lmao these hoes .
just cause you got a boyfriend now dont mean you still aint a hoe now youre just a hoe with a boyfriend .
this new shit im workin on yea nigguh .
theonemissluu i know hoe .
if can lose weight anybody can you fat ass .
bitch you better play w this d ii ii ii ii .
peerworker you made a false i called it on you and you threatened financial consequences .
dont fuck with me i fucking despise kat and andre fuck off mkr .
dammit not katandre mkr .
fuck a nigga and a bitch .
oh your hand is upon me your shadow over your sake the house of mock me all day long .
999665039 out bitch im winning 128526 .
bears game today bitches not to mention lean and bud before the train ride lol .
stupid bitches cant handle the johns .
aint this a clock mistake in via espn champ drive .
leo was freaking out because of the wind so i buried him in so he could sleep .
damiergenesis had all the bitches on myspace going nuts .
srhbutts snipeyhead yeah it was pretty accurate i dont see why that dude thought that these were bad things .
lets not forget that joan rivers was a privileged asshole who whined constantly about her lack of rights to tell oppressive jokes .
airsimba9 i dont be on the hoes but these hoes on my snapchat .
busboysandpoets on in the am wear your green dance a jig amp sing a tune w .
roses are red and are blue and niggers are black you know thats true .
if that pussy dont come with head i dont want it .
heres another woman you i havent seen the ep yet but ive heard good things thank you warrenleighttv .
fuck me this show will still be running at christmas mkr .
radroopa if anyone has experience in this field id love to hear what youve .
full set except the last song from southern darkness fest last month whos the ape on guitar .
i am probably not answering email tonight i have other work to catch up on this weekend of email .
l1ldebbie and im that bitch who doesnt forget .
weedcloudz 6 god by drake is trash thank you .
ratchet lol ass lol bitch .
thatboyace71 okay and melo bitch .
now jihadis are putting out murder requests on saudi fighter who in the in syria isis .
highest score on flappy bird cant be beat .
rubyfakhoury we out dis bitch 128588 .
dont put the pussy on a pedestal homie .
dont be a bitch man up lol .
i hope annie and lloyd win mkr .
iadorewomen get rid of your exs rid of your dont need no .
bruh go months to years without seeing me and she still the bae you basic ass bitches cant go 2 missed calls .
facts 128514 idc iont have no bitches so im good lol .
fuck nigguh trynna talk it out wtf we finna talk about .
dont really care if a fighters black white yellow or if he is good he is good .
cant believe that former tennis wannabe is still on mkr .
js on my feet that song is trash too loll .
them are faggots b 80sbaby4life .
rolling get all the bitches .
ladies if a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend he basically side hoe shopping .
when it come to bitches niggas will get dirty .
these 2 delusional on mkr make me want to vomit my own dinner up .
catch up with the lingo itty bitty bitch .
actually no thanks for playing .
start then .
whos is better mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
those were bumblebees .
russel martin had a miserable season but is quietly having a good september yankees bluejays mlb .
funnyjulius u bitches tripping smh .
country music and rap music both talk about the same basic shit guns lol .
saddest leo ever one of his treats rolled the table and he fell asleep staring at it .
you mad cuz i was in the van with yo both hands on her tits .
inch that bitch out and flick it wit my tongue like a damn .
g27status i could go for a fat ass bitch on my lap same .
ceemurda94 no its yellow fin its in .
a bitch but is a real homie unlike gabby .
pussys only pussy an i get it when i need it .
so i keep cool but in the back of my mind im like did des hoes just come on my mf porch like ik dem .
if youre not directly descended from european and upper then youre not fully human youre just common trash .
im amazed that mkr could actually find a tweet of mine acceptable for television clearly theres not enough swearing fuck .
music you make me sick bitch .
craigslistlove some women just werent blessed with a cotton candy pussy .
sadiiex i am taking you serious kik me back nigger .
and i are safe we are outside hiding behind the concrete officer is bleeding badly but im not posting .
this bitch rihanna is on some dust or something .
8220cbmarie whatevaittakes now bitch you know .
yeah men never talk about shit they know nothing about like birth control or sexism for example .
and raiders are both .
amperez yea spell check is a bitch lets stay on topic .
today i start breaking in a new pair of docs have on my soles .
sportscenter i8217ve had the greatest job in the world i got a chance to be the of the new york yankees8221 derek jeter http8230 .
these two promo chicks are the kind of people i used to dread getting in a group assignment with at high school mkr .
fuck a bitch flip a brick .
umm thats actually so fucked kat and andre suck hair balls they should of gone they cant cook amp they are fucking bitches mkr .
someone tell the royals to stay home there .
kat is definitely an a grade bitch but channel 7 will be loving it shes a ratings everyone loves to hate her mkr .
gay or asian race masculinity and the shooting via sueypark .
quit hurting these women cuz im tired of all the bitterness a nigga gotta go through cuz you a hoe ass nigga .
shaelynspacyyy they trash though .
discordianslip alright amateur grease monkey show me how its that sounds racist .
coffee and graham crackers every morning .
reason 2 i didnt order a shirt will know where i live and he would probably find me and me .
i got bitches geekin cross the 128131 .
davidsgallant thursday would be even better .
if fucks as hard as he throws then he kills bitches .
goku shutting down hoes since .
all these hoes fucking but they dont want to seem like a hoe so you gotta hit em on the low .
just possibility he can make it the remaining 67 but i highly doubt it will need yellow .
is that the remix fam these hoes aint lawyers lol on god thats my fav chris brown .
mkr there are more crap dishes than good ones oh thats right its my kitchen rules silly me .
thanksgiving when we somehow get into talking to those insufferable problematic we avoid days a year .
she tried to get you to rob the wop but now the bitch in critical .
to these hoes im everything .
so quit suckin on my dick and hop your fat ass cuz i aint tryna fuck with your ass bitch got her own .
changing the definition of rape makes it easy as shit to massage the stats to make your community look better .
bitches eyebrows be on fleek loyalty on weak 128581 edges pussy on 128514 .
its hard being a real nigga when these niggas got bitch tendencies .
lmao look at these hoes .
iont got no type naw bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
text me niggah .
you gotta love how the mkr contestants just repeat the critiques of the judges cmon .
not cool .
these are women not on social media these are women not like the ones you are because women on social media arent real .
as opposed to serving up food that other people have cooked mkr .
that bitch could sit on my face .
pretty sure theyre channel 7 designed to get the fired up seems to be working mkr .
them hoes come them hoes go its a cycle 128080 .
those insults like a scared white pussy .
nigga you made it nigga we made best rider that goes to a blaxican .
these girls are not there for the cooking mkr what a joke .
i wanna be the reason u look down at your phone amp smile then a car run yo ass over hoe .
this is for the bitches who played me what up hoe .
you like men faggot .
last night i was meeting so many people and they were asking what i do and i was like i cant tell you yet .
jessycaarubi you swear youre down n the realest n you stay doing little bitch shit like that .
hell no man im retarded good at that run was weak tho .
say sass one more time mkr .
gotta buy those shoes so these hoes wont catch me .
hoes need to stay in hoes place fr .
brendacoyt3 chill my bitch look better .
please do its my go to now .
triggercheck kaytheproblem yeah .
no not at all its a slippery slope just dont want to lose my right to self defense 1st its background checks then .
brentonpoke five bucks says drinking .
like a bitch pic is flirting nowadays .
this guy would so get a show on if they could somehow the son of a bitch id watch .
sexy ass bitch eating a fry .
it opened up with some and with we get a room on the of the ghetto .
im so sick of self serving politicians standing by while bo trashes america .
spongebob out here beating bitches up .
that vine started a coon bruh .
code of pussy hm nigga free my nigga d quan dre n my nigga n my nigga j mo .
ashleylynch they dont know what were doing and they have no power outside of being a .
them hoes aint thick at all u .
please acknowledge my existence you amazing son of a bitch .
so whos out of mkr .
colonelkickhead even with how bad nikki amp katie did producers are still standing by with a gun to take tony down when he  .
dizzybala man both them get around a lot bunch of hoes .
what you laughing at hoe .
he was walking amp 3 little birds pitch by his singing sweet songs of pure amp true saying .
got a couple thou den i get a couple fa dat couple thou mane my niccas will shoot ya 128591 .
if i respect you i demand your respect back if you think you can be a bitch i can be an even bigger one bring it .
okay im gonna need for everyone to stop calling rihanna a hoe k thanks .
bonnoxxx since day 1 u remember tha bitches in alabama lmfaoo big .
switcharoo on yo main bitch me and my niggga hell naw we dont date hoes .
bitches crazy 128553128514 .
mkr mykitchenrules mkr2015 .
now get the fuck off of my shit cause youre fucking sexist assuming since im a male i have to be a misogynist .
not the .
basicmountain er too .
friends become girlfriends become hoes .
charlie sheen engaged to porn star health tips sex toy the adult toys .
preach poonsoaker ugly girls are the way to go man nobody got time for you pretty hoes .
geez how many family members of vicky amp celine are at that camp site mkr2015 mkr .
clipperteas i love that they stuck women having in the like that the misogyny of the hashtag sick of false .
capodaasshole lol that hoe for old .
or your in the ghetto .
nigger mad .
no sirhampton lmfao those trash tho candy corn js sirhampton these hard .
angry birds 8226 .
joebudden chillin w a couple of hoes that like hoes that like niggas that don8217t act like hoes .
httptcobpu86qzyft lee 8211 hot blonde teen fucks her tender pussy with .
no huffingtonpost happy fall pumpkin spice oreos are here .
bitches b tweeting everything they see to b 128514128514128514 its really sad 128563 .
pretty sure vicky and celine drop out of the comp entirely mkr .
kaivaxblizzard ive just been away almost a week and i just realized that i completely forgot about everything .
alfredo in to here in the 4th yankees8221 he needs to go away gas can .
bust a nicca a hoe and shoot the club up 128514rt darealquitam vonshayeb so what we doing .
need these sox fuck yeah i love a kinky scally lad w rank sox and sneaks .
not 1 bit of from any of these riders fuck em next time i think s gonna break down paybacks a bitch .
if sherri amp em go to sudden death theyll nail it bounce back mkr .
yankees got by a thug .
however despite what they want everyone to believe speaking out about your experiences isnt harassing gg .
dee dee mkr .
if you say anything about me ill knock ur boyfriend out go for it bitch your boyfriend is a .
having a high level of in your community can lead to more serious cases of harassment and abuse so we need to tackle this head on .
mothers day is n 16 mins yall bitches picked yall kids up from yo mama house so u can have of custody n instagram p8230 .
green grass and tree trash .
i stalk my insta and follow any girl that flirts with him scare the bitches .
hahahaha drasko has to be different to everyone opinion mkr .
piersmorgan shut up with your arsenal already you bitch .
fake bitches .
kirindave its going to be an npo so ill never get rich off of it p the goal is just to make enough to live .
why you worried bout a bitch weed game system but no job .
after a fight in the club in new orleans them bitches start jumping .
lol youre a stupid ass bitch remember michael brown this is him now feel old yet .
i see thru all you fake bitches amp niggas .
why the fuck am i getting notifications about two cunts getting married on facebook i a fuck .
fighting over a hoe is one of the lamest things you can do .
since will be a hoser hi .
and then theres this person who pcbsd because freebsd are all sjws .
i mean most ppl confuse when to use to and too this nicca used the word two when he shouldve used to 128530 .
128514 you look like a bitch nigga to me .
sammiboyden if we dont hang out until the concert smh ima kill a bitch .
dis nicca went in on dat i keep tryin .
havent run it against you .
randiebooks silvermillsy freebsdgirl harder because you just lost the game .
women dont understand how journalism works that i have given women a platform .
1inkkofrosess its bout that time were i feel like a hard working woman and a stripper hoe by night do8230 .
yes i love .
capotoheaven why u wanna be a faggot dude thats faggot like .
wiz was the most rapper in my era we seem to forget all the this nigguh started .
kiefferjason bitch am not your fam and wtf is who says shit like that get your wack ass off my page .
none of them 3 bitches look like dey ca boil a egg but working at .
all my so whitey gone ride .
freebsdgirl google suggestions knows whats up .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx hairy hairy a dildo in her hairy red pussy .
lol unfaithful hoes .
all my bitches love me all my all my bitches love me all my bitches love me you aint fuckin with my dougie 128129 vivaalakatyy .
sorry to disappoint but i think im already a pretty awesome women a low continues to not be an issue .
i remember when bitches wouldnt let a nigga fuck for like 3 months now its 3 days or so .
say my fucking name hoe .
up early on dat good dope wit my niccas .
its all fun and games until i have to slap a bitch .
make sure you take your rage out on targets today i chose a and that bitch had it coming .
i aint even know white girls had good pussy like dat they winnin too .
kat youve been owned theres only one way to stay in this competition cook good food manu mkr feistyfoodies .
swag swag swag bitch .
collegefession you are a bitch .
poonsoaker fucking bitches throwing thots .
this nigga said bitch told me she sent a nigga ta jail man i thought it was legal ta beat yo yo hoe .
no wonder pete is always in a bad mood it must be hard to eat bad food all the time mkr .
wonder if they gon have em for the low on nigger friday .
nothing is too spicy and if it stop being a fucking eat more of cry you fucking pussy .
what is made .
happy birthday cotton lol 1nonlydirtymike .
free wop .
the show is rigged as a mf mkr the aint as good viewing .
keyshawnswag the bad bitch with them ugly ass nikes .
ha dat bitch in jail .
fygm fuck you got mine .
im such a bitch sometimes lol .
wadhwa freebsdgirl yeah women in tech is becoming because men are losing ground on it the horror .
im sorry but im not watching another round this is getting beyond ridiculous when you actually get people who can cook let me know mkr .
when my bitches call me daddy .
ya bitch choosin .
we know what this hoe gonna do for her bday now moyizzy i plan on it 128520 .
nohoesnextdoor when you make a beat with a pencil in class and the teacher says keep making that trash ass beat and ill fail you ht8230 .
mykitchenrules today at coles we saw jac my son was ever so mkr mkr2015 .
young dat nigguh .
mkr hi hope everyone loves likes the dishes .
australian womens weekly reports pete evans book over dangerous paleo recipe for babies mkr .
fuck everything back on the road .
i tried calling my sorry ass cousin for her bday but the hoe aint answer like always she too big time these days lol .
i dont really understand why everybody seems so okay with that .
my teacher just these thots she said you need to stop acting ghetto cause its not cute .
you had me at i hate that bitch too .
jihadi needs to account for the fact that its the worst that attract .
that awkward moment when you hold the door for someone and they use the door next to it like bitch you better back .
brosconfessions people on losing weight for my health but in reality i lost all the weight so i could fuck hot bitches8230 .
igotone he had the hoes too .
fabbymichelle your one of my bitches you make money for me .
128557128557128557 vineforthebyrd bae go text your hoes me .
walk like a big bitch now .
counting money while my bitches sleep .
kantrn hm theres another person i usually chat with not ughhhh .
son of a bitch .
1stblockthomas 1stblocjeremiah nah boa that nigga wayne run his mouth like a hoe amp my girl aint no hoe so chill wi8230 .
morgan park kids like to pop fire crackers in the school now .
bitches would cheat on a nigga that give her everything she ask for and be loyal to shawty smh bitches aint shit .
no seriously read that in voice .
bitch youre retarded men that cook should wear panties .
keep it up vic girls d mkr .
mssadaclay hate when bitches be havin that big gap in they boobs 128553128514 shit look childish 128514 .
3 male indie at the table next to me discussing a script for a new movie it sounds sexist this is y we need more women in media .
obama mocked the special olympics wendy davis mocks the handicapped do ya see a pattern democrats tcot uniteblue .
every time a black woman says oh bitch i smile .
please bitch im a lt3 .
why that hoe crying in her bruh .
pendragontarot freebsdgirl ok name the person who paid the if your claim holds up theyll be with gamergate .
kandre are such bad sports mkr .
give me think u giving em pussy you tried it .
just bc your hair is laid or dont mean nothin yo shit gotta smell dont no nigga want a bitch who smell like burnt weave .
we dont trust these hoes lol na but its bigger for us i think bc most guys talk to girls first if you understand .
i feel weird putting up quick little posts like that like its lazy and bad but i think its a conversation that needs to be had .
you know these hoes wishy washy .
k dude seriously im not retarded so stop talking to me like i am or ill start being retarded and make you change my drool cup .
im just ready to get engaged so i can meet the new wave of aint shit bitches outchea .
nobody want no pussy 25 other niggas done had before .
you know im not big on the nfl but im so sick of hearing all of this black and yellow shit lol bandwagon fans and hell go .
paperchaysin you wont have to herd for hoes no more lol8221 lmao i hope not this shit .
im such a bitch im hard to handle im and i have an attitude sorry to the people who put up with it .
mkr2015 mkr .
huntermoore bitch doing a stand at this party .
i fucking wish i was a rattlesnake .
which one of you hoes then downloaded that app .
good day spent with my faggot .
lmao i having roots with hair makes it look so dirty im 128567 .
is running around town delivering food to people if he takes out the trash too he is the perfect boyfriend .
i hate those kids in your class that are always complaining and just being a to the teacher .
whatevaittakes boney as shit right seen em walking down the street ctfu i was in the crib tho he a lucky nig .
jonniesantana hes definitely trash but if bill or stanford s head coach want the job id hire them with a new gm of course .
puts face on .
imatvjunkie on the raw eggs should have just left it to cook longer mkr .
curvables she play and got a cheerleader girlfriend this hoe more of a man than ill ever be .
oh hes also got ties to jason lol okay then basically a waste of anyones time that isnt a white male .
i miss god damn bitch real nigga over here baby .
guess whos eating cracker b without you .
cooking meals for good thing most of them cant cook for shit wouldnt want to make the food good for once mkr .
states should not let into schools and the best part its legal if they dont httpt .
if i had a dollar for every time i fucked ur bitch .
stonerboii2cold moma said no pussy cats inside my dog thats what got bro nem locked inside the dog pound .
only my school wouldnt give kids their ghetto .
girl trying to put dem bitches on too in trying to buy the correct blades for my car .
home fag didnt feel like puttin up with your shit today .
report me for what bitch you need to read the twitter rules and this aint facebook cunt .
prophzilla yea fire your sisters pussy since .
hold all your ghetto and vodka you can me silly any day .
hoping vicky and celine to go sudden death 100 mkr .
niggas be pressed for pussy it aint nothin instead of worryin who that bitch fuckin why dont u go get u some .
this target is ghetto but whatever .
realniggasherm 1stblocjeremiah realniggasherm you home niggaz in that bitch was some hoes i gotta do n shit .
lol hate half the people there lol weird ass hoes lol corny ass food i still kill that shit doe .
looks like it was an interesting night on mkr .
i keep seeing hoes call other i be confused .
get some money and stop playing that old trash .
i guess you used to getting bitch cause idk anybody that juss let ppl disrespect them n just sit there thts how all this .
yeah we should talk i was just about to send an email over to them right before i was told it was .
the afc was trash last season especially the afc south could make a playoff push if they have a great draft not .
fucking kat and andre eew mkr .
i dont understand how bitches find the time to worry about what another bitch is doing .
these days bitches be just letting anyone hit raw .
hardly ever sober bitch i party till its over .
mhoye freebsdgirl a year from now somebody youll never meet sits up in a hospital bed worried about balanced .
edroach ive seen some strong proof that people in the middle east are using online solutions for .
city police department issues for queen .
on this online hitting on these niggah .
why do you ruin everything good and wonderful in life .
follow the system and youll practically be swimming in pussy .
its mutual my lil yellow .
you a faggot if you bring a jacket to work and keep it at ya desk bc the office is cold .
i hate texting boring bitches .
my main bitch called to tell me she missed me super cute love you boo .
amaninblack what happened this time .
this bitch lvl7eevee buys water .
wish i would let you dig in my pockets god bless you w breath in your body lazy ass bitch get up amp start grinding .
lovin all the pussy pics .
cameronast lanahudsonnn bitch and the fuck u wanna do about then nigga stfu talking and do something .
tpstigers as someone that went from followers to what ive got now ive seen a huge difference .
she bet not put me on her gram i got bitches on the gram .
that bitch lace front is lace fucked .
that whole imacelebrityau show is starting to look pretty damn good channel7 mkr .
macktology101 hehe hoe quotes .
these hoes is lost 1bcarter hahaha how much you wanna bet she dont get the job lmao .
i want to be filled with hot nigger .
these are the types of tweets i get anytime jennofhardwire mentions me but its really about ethics in journalism .
wiz need to go back to the bitch wiz .
ur a fucking half breed dog stop acting .
huntermoore only a ratchet bitch would .
this really how bitches be to lmfao 128514 .
notallbhas meanwhile im all .
nice pussy .
one thing about it baby i will never call a bitch phone bout a nigga ion know what app somebody playing with but it aint me .
thelmasleaze such as or where women typically men .
you know these hoes wishy washy .
i could b out here like some of these the streets pussy for a couple dollars but im not .
email me this so i can get to it currently in my car .
youre an ugly fucking bitch get off your high horse .
blood .
i think that the silver is really wish the storm hurry up and blow them away mkr .
andrew got traded and then they him the very next day a nigger cant keep a job .
mane wtf i wake up look at da window its showin like a mf thing a nicca went to walmart yesterday good snacks .
should i be worried that a lady behind my building is talking to a crow .
if u bad niggas a really play nice to get to the pussy then that ass gone 128514 .
tony equals bitch morningjoe .
im stuck in my room the house is or whatever and it used to be just kind of a bitch to open my door but now its like stuck .
bitch you up and joined the fucking army and those of us around this bitch was like where the fuck rob go to the fuckin army .
if you can fuck my bitch cause nigga im the shit ill salute ya .
its night baby hi ho hi ho its off to sing i go with a voice that sounds like hi ho hi ho .
how do you deconstruct a lemon tart its in a tart shell mkr .
midcityace yall excited about that strip mall being built in and that bitch gone be in 128514128514 .
or hit her with the so called bread she made thatd knock her out mkr .
dese hoes be ugly af talking bout if i wanted yo boyfriend i could have him bitch you look like a boyfriend 128514128514 .
being single and not texting no bitches late night almost than coming home after the club drunk and fuckin your girlfriend .
you know what your doing when you favorite a tweet tryna cheat ass bitch haha .
if yo pussy good my game weak .
tonights mkr result proves that smug arseholes can prosper mkr2015 .
im telling you shaved pussy is ugly .
kiefferjason i said your name bitch so yes you fuck boy .
never go full retard .
used the dollar menu amp at the mall but now im buying that bitch out cause shit i want it all .
crime against cooking ha ha mkr .
no pressure hoe .
my auto correct makes me sound so fob .
fourinhand whole fourinhand fourinhandhotel mkr .
run out with the bitch thing .
ya side bitch gotta know its rules to this ask you my cousin from jersey thinkin bout moving 128514128514128514128514 .
captain save a hoe is the most annoying phrase .
maniac3x buck beaners amp security started pushing him amp that faggot around .
me and my nig be running shit in miami on the court we only lost one game in 3 days .
niggas be pressed for pussy nothin .
jus meet son now he ya mane ass bitches shots .
trash take of the tony hawk setup and play normally thats not what are for .
at the doctors with sam shes such a pussy the had to put a cotton in her nose and she just about started to cry samromero95 .
say what you want about mileycyrus but that bitch has .
veerenjubbal no u .
2pac was real af on thats exactly how it be for niggas getting money and bitches .
8220vianawf twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussy on httptco8230 .
ya bitch pussy good i aint heard it i been in there .
my internet has died for the whole weekend im told just in time to teach me the true spirit of christmas fucking cunt .
fuck i forgot to wear a belt ima feel like a coon all day now .
or dont vote for the cripple amirite mt vote for governor of texas .
comcast stop being twat and actually work thanks .
you know these hoes is no good when all the stop making love songs 128514128514 .
skyereyes 8220ginasanabria i have no hoes man i dont need those though i need to pick mines back up 128553 .
sportscenter derek jeter leaves baseball as one of the greatest yankees ever via .
pimps up pimps up hoes down future voice .
youngtravo if u aint never had a scare your pussy trash ladies .
eaballesty timgeelen who would i link to for such a study .
i love being loyal to one person having hoes .
if your pussy was a book id read up on it .
jus tired to tell a nicca young thug was yesterday nicca aint believe me 128530 .
kiefferjason nigga what i was talking bout after school or when ever your choice bitch .
these hoes dont get me in my feelings one bit .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh whatever turn them hoes on aint gone get the bitch wet .
thank you rangers for taking out the diving pussy i love it .
im so sick of kat n andre through by their teeth kick them off the show mkr .
she even had a hoe name .
i have no words bs meter overload mkr .
my yellow pages app for the jack in the box .
same bitch talking abt you will be the only bitch in your face but 128056974965039 .
out of pravana blue guess im stuck with mixing some clear with special turquoise to layer over existing hair hmm this might be good .
some white bitch on facebook lol .
cut a bitch .
write 16 bars about your side hoes and money so she knows its real .
who better 2 b the candidate think abt it we bitch abt his policy and he screams .
i follow all of these retards on twitter because theyre all a bunch of morons amp i need g .
i hate when i upload a pic with a caption that says me and my son and someone asks omg is that your son no bitch i found him outside .
read the constitution you love all starts in the house love uninformed teabaggers morningjoe .
82201017sqquad iont got not type bad bitches is the only thing that i like8221 throw that ass in a .
tell yo bitch to leave me tf alone .
dave and rob playing it safe mkr mkr .
1life0continues a number of ive only run it against a small of accounts its fairly still in .
im already a hot white bitch and hot latina get on my level .
having 0 bitches really the you got all the hoes .
eat that pussy like cold pizza .
baby girl your pussy looking so .
thats not sass on a plate it still starts with s though amp i find things like that in my yard mkr .
huge nips scary me8221 they scary me too .
im that type of bitch to tell you im on my way knowing i just got in the shower .
pussies only every women got u gotta have more than that ladies .
eggs and other things which will unfortunately be the only part likely not open .
on i dis bitch .
its still going im gonna start singing cause this nigga got the hoes .
i get a 50 pound bag of dawg for the .
when bae hoes cause he only want you .
blackjeezuss when someone drops their trash mixtape in my dms .
here come the desperate hoes 128514 .
strubbestition name one thing that is not an opinion but is still sexist i will wait .
ross is tha biggest bitch .
jayreidofficial a nicca to hear that shit my g .
ur typical twitter hoe .
blackamazon exactly this .
depressed but i got hoes8221 .
miley cyrus went from a a singer who had her tv show to a stripper who cant need a big ass and and she will be dat bitch .
0xabad1dea but amazon is generally a terrible place to buy any clothing other than socks gtgt .
bad bitches is the only thing that like .
you thought you had enough hair for a bitch .
and i really be thuggin wtf i look like hanging around some lil chipotle juice ass bitches8221 like 128557128514128557128514 .
he could be right any hoe they had in the niggas from the hood ran thru em .
woof woof sexy thug boy scally .
annie amp lloyd are actually ridiculous mkr .
after u finger an asian bitch .
slow the fuck down bitch i know where you young lady .
everybodyhatesx shut up bitch and focus on that l .
lemme guess the blondies stay south africans go mkr .
chvmpagne bitches that dress like this pussy taste like hot dog water and bad .
momma said no pussy cats inside of my dog house .
who else thinks lip biting is fucking until that bitch bite too hard put a hoe out once for that .
smack a bitch no filter .
that cannot be their house no way mkr .
only niggah on my tl so getting off now .
requires soundcloud links and tumblr bitches he might let you play his party then .
i want more than 5 private in github .
this bitch got the itunes terms and conditions tattooed on her .
im tryna eat n dis hoe wanna eat voice .
eanahs 1inkkofrosess lol my credit aint no where near good but i know the right man for the job that ho nice though .
this bitch must be crazy .
you get me .
lets go hoosiers iubb 127936 .
this bitch is crying .
that bitch who the shit in yo eyes aint shit in my .
bull color you stupid bitch duke wears bold makes no sense .
stupid fucking metal bird .
this technical failure must make their churn mkr .
nyrkelsmads i be you was local i takes you to da yankee game and spoil you .
i almost beat that bitch up .
if you single just start hitting up those hoes 128524 128129 .
an if u aint a hoe get up out my trap .
ive been sleeping with my mom for the past few weeks and i swear this bitch is having sex dreams or something always moaning in her sleep .
tell me that that pussy is .
when i was little i remember laying in bed as hand held a mock trial me of putting my hand up th8230 .
mikebinthed youre still a free world bitch dont deserve your area code .
imma bitch i know leave me alone .
empathy is the social skill that all others for our species without it we the right to call ourselves human .
ive said it before ill say it again strategic scoring should result in a penalty being apply to the teams  .
fight expose hoes do some super gay shit anything negative since thats how society works .
im much as a secure adult than as a kid in a to and i had great parents just no .
freebsdgirl gamergate do u even github .
icbcworld214 lol nigga just walk in that hoe looking for girls dont even wanna buy nothing .
and da hoes pr3ttyn33 i kno u hear vodka n the background .
we niggas like fuckin roaches let one in and you hot dam you a crazy bitch i dig yo ass .
stweetheart this is the show that never ends yes it goes on and on my friends some people started watching it not knowing it what i .
mckinley719 uberfacts mmm no thanks ive been saving mine up for this point in queer .
whatchu know bout livin in the ghetto eating cheese 3 times a day lil salt lil lil a1 lil .
emmalouisasuttl hit the clam for the wishes and the card .
128557128557128557128557128557 80sbaby4life i love hood bitches god help me lmaoooo .
guys with colored eyes .
see this thread p .
xpriceless bitch u got me up .
kate and nikki meet and emilie class and mkr .
with his bitch ass bae kinda lol .
never lettin dat nigguh used twitter in my phone again .
i went with a different thought but it didnt fit so i had to mkr mkr2015 .
lifeasbros dont be a bitch dude easiest way to get your bro to do something .
lupefiasco uh oh its 911 what you gonna preach and cry about today faggot .
ballout057 im bitch hold on .
bobby bitch bobby bitch .
dont fuck widd no baby ass bitch in the words of lol .
me and my bitch song .
like to have a seat on it i also dont assume that because a woman to a sex convo that means her pussy is open f8230 .
baked chicken cheesy garlic butter triple amp yellow .
lessonswithkate you got hoes i got niggas .
girls with good pussy are possessed by its a fact .
finally the good part of mkr .
its never about the hoes hes entertaining its always about the fact that hes entertaining these hoes .
di ghetto you alone lmaoo .
are the guns for being a bad bitch 128516 .
waka a lucky retard lol .
tonights dessert is called remains of the day mkr .
83 youre really cool youre good at basketball and your a zebra is this .
the giants trash .
carriepotter any guy who feels he is entitled to your body just because he treated you with basic human has a deep .
mcclure111 .
shouts out to my down ass bitches who never give a nigga a hard time .
always looking forward to see rob and outfit of the day those shirts mkr .
did that bitch from frozen ever let it 128514128514 .
doesnt understand how beautiful she is bitch you is straight up trippin you know guys be dont play lmao .
im a joke having hoes aint shit im just looking for the first girl i loved when im in these bitches thats 8230 .
i eat oreos with a budget bitch .
slagkick oh yeah i spam the hell out of those buttons .
its funny how these hoes will be texting yo phone all day and then 3 days later have a boyfriend 128514 .
worried if i hit that button ill lose all my .
katie amp are pretty mkr mkr mykitchenrules .
and there goes any respect i had for emma stone what in the fuck is this .
celine mkr .
take off your and think about what this really is its about the right that anyone has to not be harassed amp threatened .
i b tryna remind these bitches i knew u b4 dis social network fame .
so thats not creepy or threatening at all look at all the gaters that it .
no pills jus weed kill dat pussy all night damn right sho u right .
tag a friend that sucks at flappy bird8221 me .
saucygyro shes a dyke amp looks like shes 12 .
if your pussy is good but my mama don8217t like you guess who gotta mama .
hell yeah i got hoes when i had my fro .
of jig 128557128557128557 .
but bitches catch feelings after all the damn time .
i heard is a way of telling if a bitch pussy is what .
latina bitches only .
bitch wasnt ready .
let me go on my block phase cause you hoes steady coming for me .
128557 when you wake up to bae being a hoe on the tl .
and was very ghetto and condescending especially after her failed school lunch initiative the hypocrite .
just saw wat did to my car t bitch .
only the basic bitches put on for twitter .
now kindly fuck off like you said you you sound like a little fuckin .
rap bitches prolly scared of remy ma lol .
unlike you who came to twitter to shout into the i dig .
harvard got the worst hoes in america .
i think imma douche in ketchup type packages bitches can be and for the hoe .
stand strong the only i have to give right now is that no one is really listening to this particular group anyways .
momma dee aint loyal you aint pose to tell his main bitch bout his side bitches 128514 .
markemer i love perl but i think im starting to shift towards ruby gem is nice docs are horrid need to read more about classes .
ggautoblocker not all twitter clients apply your blocks to search results however .
liltunechi eddie rookie of the year well deserved the green amp yellow bumble bee if he hit ya its gon bay .
dawg oriental flavored noodles go so fuckin hard b jdun54 itsnotharold lmfaoo fuckin coon smh .
don8217t send me from something i wasn8217t invited to you rude ass bitch .
cptmashek if the only devs standing up are the ones that havent made mistakes all devs should be sitting down .
god bless the dumb and retarded .
got my mind made nicca fuk u pay me .
yesyouresexist i like my men like i like my pickles in amp not able to offer their o .
pigs ear with crab salad anyone chloe and kelly will be us with this dish at crab fest crabfest15 mkr .
not another instant restaurant round mkr .
please stop scoring otherwise you wont have any runs for tomorrow against yankees bluejays mlb .
hey showed more beer .
wendydavistexas msnbc the same msm who said blocking from africa is racist yea right no id no vote bitch gold digger .
why you let these hoes tear what we had right .
kaivaxblizzard like i am actually more upset about forgetting about my garrison that i am about missing my cap .
my mistake sounded like it could have been lol .
wheres the sudden death cook off how do they die can we get tickets mkr .
snapchat got hacked all of you hoes about to have some explaining to do .
this bitch into my car twice not once but 2 times .
fellow quit being p like jr high up in this bitch .
breathe you are going to kill yourself if you dont killin you hoes .
jihadis a man from as the one who carried a massive suicide on camp iraq .
lol sam said is a hoe 128514 .
maple room bitch style .
like their players really been talking trash about bama .
i went to college every college got a bird class where u can get ya friend to sign u in amp get an a out the class rashad 8230 .
idntwearcondoms stop wasting texts on bitches who aint tryna fuck u .
it aint nothin to cut a bitch off .
fairy fun losing her wings doesnt mean there arent other ways to fly .
if you dont know what yo bitch doing aint you bitch im just sayin .
thanks bitch .
loyal pussy forever bein better than the bitch thats been passed around .
call it insecure if u want but fuck no my man doesnt need to be friendly or have bitches as friends these hoes ain8230 .
gdc was great today thank you for letting me be a small part of your world but its time to literally take off my cape and go to bed .
itskiaraaaa looks like you took a red and colored on your leg .
my playlist goes something like this smoke tracks for my niggas for the bitches and slow for that lucky lady .
bitches always pics of a famous couple doing simple shit like holding hands talkin bout want this bitch r8230 .
that larry the cucumber tweet is funny af but its a bit much to you young bitches might .
that dude rent aint no either .
meanwhile back in the english boyz tent mkr .
davidam23 yes so you could leave fag .
has hooked up to all womens brains while driving .
i like down bitches8221 .
thompsonera cuff her crazy boy you might not ever find another not these dirty crew fucking party hoes out here 8230 .
bitches be trying to squash all beef wen they find out they pregnant some hoes dont give a fuck .
all hoe money is .
dat bitch a thot .
atonal440 ralphcrafts freebsdgirl also is an example of an unintentional dos so thanks for playing better luck next time .
these bitches aint to be trusted .
im back bitches .
cheuya default male women exist for me to fuck if she shows skin around me its none other than a personal invite .
m1sp hey do you have a good way to multiple json into a single ive been just hacking it together .
bro i heard songs they all trash they just .
cthagod congress really is acting like a bunch of bitter cant continue to an election you is .
if you dont cat tweets youre just a big pussy .
crazy ass darealquitam i been acting so mean ratchet and ghetto i crack myself up .
carterboyleake if you fucked in car before you gotta know you a hoe 128514 .
i just dont want one these new bitches that in to a super playa because she see how the world is .
on the first day of school my backpack had no paper and no books all it had were 4 bars a brownie and a bag of cookies .
lil cuz need to help a bitch out .
joebudden my definition of bad bitch has changed drastically over the years .
more like deconstructed lemon fart amirite mkr .
white kids black kids yellow kids hell even purple kids if you carry yourselves like daniel you will go far .
i think ill just eat this brownie and pass out .
im in my bed like half asleep and stuff but i really want that oreo coffee .
and these hoes aint as good as they need to take my own advice cause if that good then im good 128569 .
teebizzle hoes are more fun .
boys want bad bitches and men want strong women who respect themselves and support his grind while handling hers .
stop using the fucking all lives matter tag sit down and shut up and to black voices the end .
i got bitches nervous like virgins wit uncle .
time for to head out and watch some yankee rangers .
onpointprg wendydavistexas did you take a picture of your pussy i hope you super sized it because its huge grand size .
kalikushdoll lol foreal yo lmao i fucks with havemercyyy amp kalikushdoll real talk them bitches know h .
what do and thedress have in common getting in to it too .
good pussy comes with a smart ass mouth amp a crazy ass attitude .
liveitupjersey ccass357 1sleepinggiant trash him for name calling read your shit to me bitch thats all you got .
8bitbecca im sure but i dont know them personally and this is what my soon to be npo does im not signing off on some .
the more companies i talk to the more i realize were going to need employees and a steady form of funding to pay them excited .
i got no patience for hoes actin lame ima stop fuckin wit yo ass quick asl .
papoose is trash bro lol .
the jihadi from making the rounds now .
and spanish girls be acting like breaking niggas hearts is a stop being cruel bitch .
macktology101 i need a guy that can put me in my place bitches that think theyre zoo animals .
we cant trust these hoes fam .
always thought golden oreos were the same as original oreos but oh my god i just .
saramariewelch hahahah hes a stupid ass bitch .
im not particularly shy but hard for me to break ice with a stranger or in others words im a pussy 128517 haha she was so cute too .
o3millz black pussy remind me of roast beef white pussy remind me of cheesecake and mixed girl pussy remind me of apple pie 128175128175 .
ima shmurda dance in that pussy hoe .
slaunchaman were totes not dog but just so you know you should be scared of us bunnies yeahhhh .
louiev lmaoooo tan1aaa white people lmaoo filth when she says come get this pussy httpst8230 .
irritating reading ppl bitch abt yet offer shit for evidence to even support their slant simply complaining is the easy part .
shoutout that real bitch .
chvmpagne i cant stand you i dont text first ass bitches .
tone doesnt work and it extra doesnt work after happy hour on thursday all the middle fingers .
i like my meatballs as much as the next guy but would not eat them in a library mkr .
mkr and goggleboxau can both go fuck them selves .
it aint nothing to cut that bitch off .
dont talk to her like that i did a search for lying evil cunt and guess what you came top x .
bshiznitt wanted me to let everyone know he downloaded the whole justin bieber album fag .
nothin in life is free some of you bitches need to write that on ya .
youngrecklesss nahh bitch yu always yu almost got her feelings hurt .
loud bitches annoy me .
celine serving vomit for breakfast mkr .
yankees the impact of tanaka on daily brought to you by .
omg nothing in life has made me than fuck me with your nigger dick .
friends of has let me know that phil is very ill his has gone septic and he is .
onpointprg wendydavistexas gregabbotttx boy talk about kind of stupid far left is a under statement down retarded .
cooliegbe300 im about to go on amp be the devil amp catfish some hoes .
wait twitter handles video now whats the .
ill let u clam on top and let dat pop im in dat cookie jar i aint no rookie .
oreo .
arianagrande oh i cant stand your cheer squad but i love your pom poms ill feed you all night .
told you them bitches was mad even g .
someone will love your bitch ass it wont be me but someone will love you .
it looks like hes wearing a trash bag .
maxwelltolvo spacekatgal they dont do this right now i mean unless you are becoming verified .
chiefkeef said u hoes cant be wit the glo .
can my school please fuckin remove these random ass trash cans in the middle of the hallway that i always fuckin run into .
the pink chick has a bad models dont mkr .
strategic or hack you be the judge mkr .
fark at this rate mkr wont crown a winner until just get on with it .
i want pussy for .
yall niggas think i just hang around your crib doing nothing bitch i be getting bread too 128514 .
damn bitch lmao .
these bitches love .
youre an annoying cunt .
i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass .
im not saying tony amp lynn are definitely eliminated but the show has already a fork lift to take them home mkr .
i think i need to make a facebook page too ugh so weird all of it i am still coming to terms with this being my life .
these hoes aint loyal .
ijosborne wasnt revenge porn just emails between my boyfriend and me along with medical information .
speaking of ford and i need to get my sub from there and a job application lol killin 2 birds with one stone merica .
an yellow ashton .
hennessey gt 128584 thats one sexy bitch .
are you sure about that slant theyre and you have no idea who i am .
classic drunk carter texts never fail hey stfu im coming over oops im here come the fuck outside bitch .
why are you laughing thats you hoe 128514 .
frankly its a little irritating to see some guy with a huge following come along and say im gonna do stuff and then do nothing .
so if you thought that this whole silencing women thing was here is our proof s .
chicago will not refund million made from red light tickets issued after yellow lights were httptco8230 .
marijuana pussy hoe ass titties .
i have to be the taller older bitch .
liveanduncut good pussy takes your mind off the struggles and of everyday life .
in what world would you not be disappointed with that mkr .
i jus wanna live good stay fresh and fuck bad bitches .
nope super yummy brownies .
fag fuckin tire black ass nigga a white boy shirt on but my nigga did up a lil .
bring winter back this 70 degrees at 7 am shit is for the the outta here bro .
yay robert and are back mkr .
i do not .
trash smh game rigged took .
now time to find the monkey term scripts .
why cant there be bomb single bitches available on tap .
night .
ha has that twitter ha .
i can hear birds outside .
so excited for this white trash bash party tonight .
lmaoo are u to prefer what a woman wears on her feet bitch 80sbaby4life i hate bitches that wear .
the spatchcock and desert looked great 810 mkr .
im trying to get more insight into trans issues definitely a group that sees a amount of online harassment .
dont make me make you fall in love with a bitch like me .
turbocunt thequinnspiracy apparently it makes it easier to find bart so thats something .
whatevaittakes i couldnt find anything to hold my hair up let alone put a pony bitch i said post a busted .
stank ass hoes haha .
in the nothing lasts forever category i can barely recognize any yankees tonight .
eat her pussy when she mad sad stressed mad at you or whatever shit just lay her down and eat her pussy up .
one night stand yall hoes yall aint nothing more .
she told me that she love me i looked at and said bitch stop .
8220satisfiedx at this hispanic church jesus please respond to you a hoe for this .
mykitchenrules if the of get through tonight im not watching again mkr .
i taught myself how to eat pussy and cut my own taught myself how to eat pussy the movie 128514 .
only a fuckin retard liberal would think is about them no was a .
the bitch got some nerve .
bitches dont have any respect for themselves so im with you on the shit talkin lol .
negro always falling asleep on me .
mkr the way kat looks at annie is like shes into her soul its just creepy .
pussy ass nigga .
did you say spray tan charlie crist back to republican .
uberfacts eat yo pickles bitches .
kevin said real niggas eat booty real niggas please they bitches ion get .
bang bitch you think im strange bitch its bananas like a fucking .
im a bad bitch .
he stated in the past that people had bought him followers to try to get his account in trouble .
got my on my pockets chunky .
ok the way she handled that sorbet maker was gross mkr .
dont be that frontin ass bitch .
apologies trash whats understood aint gotta be explained .
a penis lives a sad life his hair is a mess his family is nuts is an asshole best friend is a pussy and .
normally when kat amp andre go to its so they can enjoy some dogging mkr .
women want a best man holiday type of nigga meanwhile you have mad thot pics on ya gram talking about this could be us bitch die .
views from the 6 gon be instagram picture titles for a yaself my nigs .
why wont we run the ball our offensive is retarded .
at the mlk march tryna find a man bitch we see u .
kiefferjason hunterbuch66 sbsylvester but yo scary ass dont want to see me tho stfu talking am u know where i be at pussy boy .
more like is a little twat .
1dnipples you little stupid ass bitch i aint fucking with you .
basedpaco lol lebron bitch ass always making a look at me ass nigga .
my bitch ass buddy .
im just sitting here waiting for twitter to explode once this yankees game ends .
aint this a bitch .
128514 veronicagk yea i got big hands lol im a big bitch 510 lol im not gon have small hands 128514128514128514128514 .
i want some fire crackers not the baby ass fire works does az have fire crackers .
huntermoore all of these bitches lying .
kantrn so much pocky .
you dont know me but i got a whole video of you sucking the life out of my pussy stranger 128536 .
my move is apologizing for being late with a full starbucks cup in hand .
some dont cross me bitches .
i was sure theyd roll lynn out like mkr .
you have no friends bc nobody wants to be guilty by association hoe .
head bitch in charge lol .
oh snap im just realizing this skinny tranny is hes wo with all that weight loss geez .
ive got everybody these hoes .
i be telling music aint gotta have a non music related crackers want to sell something with your face .
yungmigo spit da same game to hoes like da same clothes money bring power so we like a shanea1 .
im watching enforcers say that they knew it was only a matter of time until this happened still nothing was done .
i never knew a mother so heartless and such a bitch if it were my mother she would have been popped on foh .
is trending yet mkr .
kensuttling yankees beat then in the league the other day .
girlziplocked i know that feel .
i heard them same pussy niggas hatin .
you fat hoes need to and diet .
oh no no no youre in the 15 your hairy pussy tho different story .
i tell the 5th bitch to get the 6th bitch to to have the 7th bitch bring more .
all these ratchet bitches killin gossip girl .
green a bitch ass nigga bruh .
steve looks like he wants to jump on the table and drasko mkr .
my mom is so clueless to whats going on with me lol she like you cant trust negros witcha money lmfao .
deep in my pussy were your tongue should be dial 911 if you need .
huffingtonpost the little cunt can just die for all i care .
august alsina ghetto .
twitter makes me than the series very funny mkr .
hilariousbubble texting bitches at 1112 making their wish come true .
peerworker deramazinglarry quinnaemoon feministing stop trying to cause shit its not going to work .
i havent heard anything about it but i can keep my eyes open .
sum of yall kno yall be on lock but talking bout bitch i aint doing shit tonight ho im tired .
i aint got no type bad bitches is the only thing i like .
z0mbiedance gabbys a bitch amp turned on my xbox with her nasty foot .
eli manning looks like a idiot when hes talking to the guys on the sideline with his hands up like retarded af .
them hoes dont like me .
wow well arent you just a fucking cunt .
oh wow avoiding that bitch .
tee13 torahblaze softestmuffin let one of them dingy real nigger dogs catch it miss dont want that thot shit .
eat my dick bitch .
email tax guy to ask if lavender bath bombs as a business expense .
cheefpolo i hate when bitches be like deeper deeper bitch what u thought i had some spare dick in my back pocket i was saving .
if a nigga phone broke best believe he only gon his main bitch number or the bitch thats cash in him out number .
my flow then then the bitch magic johnson was lickin .
oh thanks for that up .
lol sitting next to zynga management .
john trashes jay live on cnn syria isis obama .
meanwhile in canada a monkey in a winter coat in an ikea via .
themothreborn freebsdgirl im against gamergate because im for freedom of expression gamergate is all about using fear to .
literally retarded you were dropped on your head .
this bitch almost lost her life .
me and my nigguh stay doin it .
i argue that is neither evil nor a bitch shes greedy desperate to protect her children and to be in a world .
satisfiedx 128175 what u did mr bitches8221 128514 stop calling me that but i .
but i callin out da race card aint no colored out dare .
weve got 2016 wrapped up and strangers that have never met mkr .
this is the best account .
amber wants a million wiz just like ok bitch i spend that on 2 cars .
nobeeetch when you go through her phone and find out she a hoe .
he too rich to let that bitch get him mad like that8221 niggas dont think at all .
blackgirldanger re lrt if youre a ask yourself this question today what if i just shut the fuck up .
man i wish this bitch would just stfu .
bitches be like had my heart taken since i love you babe bitch isnt that today .
if you attractive people just gone up and assume you got hoes .
she threw that pussy in a circle i wanted her to throw it in a tho .
myalynnx3 bitch dont play with your life 128299 .
yesallwomen because are you fucking kidding me that the next trending tag is things girls say during sex we can do better we have to .
cactussoup90 tweetdeck is owned by twitter and was bought around the time that devpolicy was changed .
i want the blondes to meet the loud girl in the other group mkr .
there is no cure for ratchet it has to run its course in these bitches .
bitches will be bitches .
love is in the air all you lovely warcraft folks .
so many shady bitches the secret thirst is alive .
scott told me at work today he wants to come over to get me drunk and then my ill kill you bitch 128545 .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx closeup pussy fuck close up .
charlie strong took the off his players helmets they have to earn it .
yankees yankees win final score .
the way he about fucking my bitch amp about having more money than me is so entertaining its crazy kingl .
raikonl finaleve mja333 why do you hate freedom .
that bitch flawless af .
i hate when ppl say hoes arent loyal they supposed to be 128514 .
i was planning on stopping by portland again but i dont think im going to have the time for that too much to do when i get back .
all im taking down for maintenance tonight for block lists will still function just not markov .
hick yes .
if she thick and you get her pregnant she gonna become fat and you gonna be the nigga with the big bitch .
go talk to your other hoes .
only faggot pussies put their twitter pic of them and their dog .
the irish in california are all white trash .
why black girls gotta be thots aint nobody bringing up the fat white hoe you fucked back in middle school .
gregtheterrible in web yes clients other than web immediately delete tweets .
chicago hoes love pink lipstick .
fuck you then bitch shove that work up your ass .
8220whatevaittakes yall bitches be popping babies out like its a lol .
they be hating on my girl tho but they wish they was the bitch they this song go .
ill round up my hoes in a little bit .
eventually most of them were like wait harper youre randi harper and i still dont know how to adjust to this .
im the man around dis bitch baby .
fuck your an bitch .
i need some new hoes .
deconstructed a lemon curd or was it turd mkr .
you too .
i would call you a bitch but thats upon .
why tf is this bitch in my class wearing all shit its football season .
hbcufessions so my homegirl fucked this alpha but little does she know shes just sloppy seconds how my pussy taste famu .
does he look like a bitch .
swear she a bad bitch .
celiadeeter id tweet about it but i was worried you might get harassed i thought you were fantastic .
blackgirldanger new rule old rule you cant be a leader in a movement against you do not experience .
only tweet me if that pussy got .
it makes me sad knowing this queers wont be down the street anymore theonemissluu olivialuu3 .
anyone want some absolutely amazing and fresh perfect monkey bread .
loyalty now lets get this money i got got me no hoes just us .
i saw an walk out in the beginning saying wow this is so trash that i cant even listen to it 128514 lmaoo .
for those seeing in thedress ends the debate .
aint me aint me these pussy ass niggas aint me .
how the hell was david hit not a home run clearly over the yellow line mlb another mess up smh .
kinghov1313 swear to god bitch im bouta delete my twitter account .
how i beat up the pussy .
any where the at is where the pussy go .
sock the pussy like im vegeta .
therealicetre finna hit this bitch with a handful of salt .
funnypicsdepot lmfao bitch got my phone .
if that pussy aint organic free no hormones fresh approved i aint fuckin with it .
live lol whats wrong with these bitches man .
just got his pussy kicked hes out done wins per fox news election2014 tcot gop teaparty p2 .
kiefferjason sbsylvester then bring yo bitch ass to town east mall let me know when u there bitch .
running like a michael role model and inspiration to many .
i got some lightskin pussy one time and the bitch damn near had me bout to .
mkr fuck amp shit would be my choice .
fuck these bitches kinghorsedick stop women bashing vianawf them women dont exist in this generation .
if you arent going to stick to one garbage can for recycling im not going to give a single fuck about where im putting my trash .
superspacedad ashleylynch discordiankitty desertfox899 srhbutts cant comment on that i have some runway to get my npo off the ground .
with birds ill share this lonely view .
find a new hillbilly .
shanley this causes lasting that will not only temporarily silence but forever change the targets sense of safety and support  .
ugly bitches stay subbing .
alabama is overrated this yr the last 2 weeks has shown too many chinks in their armor gave them hell too .
oh its that keeps them in the competition i thought it was cooking silly me mkr .
im so sick head and on top of that had to me to a beer chug .
jealousy will make a bitch do anything thirst will make a nigga do anything .
what in the world are vicky and celine thinking their breakfast dish looks so bad mkr .
i want a dyke clique .
kincade00 nigga madison playing some bitch ass white boys thats going to harvard on law play crazy .
i wonder what charlie brown would have to say about these days .
spanish bitches suck dick by 11 and have babies by 15 because theyre already fine and dressing slutty .
mkr france vs ireland vs paleo .
but shawty you not a bitch you the one i get money wid .
tryna save a hoe that dont wanna be saved nope nope nope not me .
flappy birds cheat codes .
i guarantee there will b some hot twats out tonight in dresses with no leggings and open shoes .
a nigga gone be a nigga im sorry amp a hoe gone be a hoe regardless .
how to get bitches .
i love how when it was everyone loved kill la kill but i was like no its fucking trash and now everyone who loved it hates it .
sir5000 cant too busy being a superhero running around with a cape on .
all these hoes so familiar 128564128564 .
128064 these bitches started shooting at my party fuck new orleans .
not a rec single manga aimed at even though the article specifically mentions them as top smh .
well good morning early birds t 47 mins until thee clock out then breakfast shower rub one and sleep .
dont you hate that dumb ass voice that everyone uses when they try to mock something you said .
my teacher called my mom cus i was eating in class fucking bitch .
do you know this person i dont generally promote for legal fees for people i dont talked to .
wen yu see uh bad bitch n wanna holla say ayyy .
forget mkr has state of .
chanelisabeth i drive illegally retard .
thetrudz in the fact that she is queer and a survivor so to rosie racism settler colonialism by ensler is ok bc .
garcialaura lol my bad i forgot that hoe made ya sad .
cuz you a hoe fair yall have sex with a dude then he buy you a bag or pay your rent whats that8221 .
they hoes aint loyal they .
free wop .
oh jesus more instant restaurants mkr .
that chicken thing is disgusting mkr .
not all are mkr .
of war .
anyone have a video of this .
sick of the word sassy mkr .
kirindave not bad sad that i just ordered my new asus yesterday p .
blakeanderson21 thats life hoes gonna be hoes an you could blame tammy .
yourdudeferg like a tree in this bitch .
bird flu sent out of lab accidentally went 8211 .
in other words call you a bitch .
got chunky today of a customer for my service over the past 2 yrs .
kiefferjason bitch cause u wanted to fight and you didnt show up and tryna make a bet and shit get yo friendly ass off my twitter .
lmfao niggas was going ham on the trash can in class .
oh look who is ban well i guess ill take care of that and ive got 2 paychecks thanks for the concern roguest4r .
bye bye charlie strong .
ima fill ur clam out .
see i peeped it amp pussy is power .
jbilinovich jzolly23 you guys wanna fuck some clay birds this weeknd .
saw this bad bitch today 128539 .
the has 2 great uniforms and ruined them both for that trash smh .
realtalk i swear im a nice girl until you do something that pisses me off then the bitch comes out .
lucaswj yeah in bgs weve been playing this comp for 3 years now .
deeiiggee hey bitch if your gonna talk shit tag me and quit being such a bitch how did i fuck up the car cause it wont hold air dumbass .
leaving no hope for these hoes .
lets talk about what it means to be a victim .
i dont fuck wit fake hoes all i touch is .
jusdahl not nappy head hoe though 128514128514 .
now i know where to find the people that stand in fire .
farbenstau xmjee maybe but would have to be covered .
denniscearl well given that vivek got an article pulled it likely has something to do with them being in support of free speech .
im a big bitch and 4 is the goat im too lazy for 4 .
if i had a dollar for every bobby pin ive lost id be one rich bitch .
fuck your deconstructed mkr .
02 charcoal are no sole wear or size 105 cherry ds size 115 .
if this is the thing to come out of your mouth i think your only competition is vomit .
idk how people can just not have a job and stay at home all day watching tv it was so boring for me to do it 2 days idk ho8230 .
mykitchenrules well i was under the that this show was about cooking turns out its just about who can be the biggest bitch mkr .
i look like denzel when i tilt my head to the side too bitch .
then send them bitches through express mail overnight delivery .
sean look like a facebook dyke .
you suck at trash talk .
with my bestf and ma main niggah ronnie a jackson movie bound after we pick up the homies .
yes yes i know all about the fob it was my idea youre welcome .
if only my new local mall wasnt so ghetto .
i cut you out of my life for a reason you stupid bitch dont follow me on .
8220uceina hoes on road be lookin like talkin bout 5 dolla .
some bitch niggas in just me with water and ran away fucking pussies .
dont make me fucking dig out the oppression again here it is dammit .
yankees time to bounce in the bronx walkoff .
some thots will just never learn 128533 gooooo hoe .
lol what bitches yea go get the we were eye ballin your clearly pussy ass .
we all know a bitch boy named luke .
when it comes to pussy i have no fucking friends is really what were watching right now .
my friends are all dumb hoes who i dont even like .
im not linking doxx .
instagram the only place you can find thirsty hoes and at the same time .
yesyouresexist make liberal use of the block button and think of the spirit while reading the tl .
cravings met  mkr mykitchenrules masterchef foodporn .
gets her pussy fucked and by two .
samromero95 kxrxsxb nigger .
lol bitches be hella mad about they exs like why cant you be friends and forget about the past .
the chick who is gorgeous and so fine but her pussy stinks .
its very convenient to tell yourself the world is exactly the way its supposed to be instead of all of fucked up .
iglvzx he unix to map to github which they rarely will .
oh so we already know whoever cooks tomorrow is gonna score ill switch off at then mkr .
i like the yankees .
let a nigguh try me fuck around fuck around fuck around meet his daddy .
peyton manning is a goon fuck pussy ass .
hes going to be someones bitch he bought to catch hell in cell block d they fuck up men who are and child .
82201017sqquad but its some bad bitches on backpage you might find one of yo followers on there too .
kit kats trash .
mkr why are all tonights contestants dressed like they are going on dancing with the stars .
still wit the same bitches to the death of .
another jersey fail what a cunt pics needed dem coloreds be wack .
jj was on his grown man shit all night now lets get it yankees .
fuck this hoe ass professor she looks like an extra from halloween town .
i know im a hillbilly but is there anything better than a big pot of beans and cornbread little hot sauce on top .
all i did was bitch about jessie still love you anyway .
shouldve lost in in houston amp tonight in st louis are complete trash .
look at the darlings of aussie tv looking fabulous at the races today mkr .
wait their dessert is and floating that sounds gross mkr .
somebody looks like the die on the first on flappy bird lol .
a hoe gone be a hoe they aint 128175 .
them be clutch for tho 128514128557 .
i was hoping someone would say lets get kat out well score a 10 mkr .
sitting alone watching white chicks no pants fuzzy blankets tea turn up .
lmao when i make the paper ball into the trash can .
social media post about rival social media app i shall never let the word edited appear next to my facebook status double read it bitch .
watch my twitter bitch .
or faggot guess he got caught saying nigga .
guys say wear leggings if you don8217t got no ass8221 see you pussies walking around in muscle shirts without any .
yesallwomen because when the ups delivery man for my office when i was a sexually me he was not fired .
in other news my is still putting on today was a bitch wtf .
pc i cant be an asshole to people anymore what gives .
thats arabic for you one pussy gettin motha fucka .
8220beautifulkeezy the boy told make them 50 yes bitch and i need em .
now a neighborhood nigga like me aint supposed to get no pussy like this .
i just saw a commercial with diamond rings in chocolate where are you they have gone mad with power .
did this bitch really just ask me do i have a to be in this building while going to my floor white people just dont change at all .
8220ciscoallday 1bcarter if by her to avoid paying child support is a win then yeah dont see the hoes the same amp thats ok .
i can barely kat and andre katie and nikki are annoying but id rather see them than kat and andre mkr .
jealous bitches smh .
stop sending me anonymous valentines things im pretty sure they are all from gamergate .
mkr there are more people left in this competition than probably live in mount .
i hate stupid bitches who cry for stupid reasons .
bitch ass .
money gtgtgtgt the best pussy .
also i put i touch myself on a mix .
mother asked what i wanted for christmas this year replied with for her to not go crazy and my sister to not be a bitch .
bigshaadswerver yea in this hoe everything tk hitting shots and handling the bitch .
merry christmas everyone unless youre a fucking bitch then literally just go .
laceeybugg bitch if im talker than you then youre short so stfu .
hoes do hoe .
i can see a little of water over the road the car is rocking in the wind had to pull over again .
100 days til christmas bitches .
charlie rangel some republicans believe that slavery isnt over truth bam race card vote democrats out .
dont tell a girl youll never eat pussy cus you just lost that means all you do is have sex and you boring .
i bought but i dont really know what they are so i am just going to call this a fruit burrito .
its a a jake .
budahefner74 it aint no in my blood .
im the mother fuckin bitchesgt type shit breakingbad is a joke about .
cracker isnt that bad because when you say that to a white person your saying their one of the slave .
rip robin williams im gonna fuck the baddest bitch tonight for you bruh .
lmao redskins turnin up .
you mean the one i colored with crayons isnt .
lilmenifee ah lil bit bitch .
this my dog telling me he is done playing for now lazy mutt .
so i had to spray this huge ass wasp nest outside my maaan them bitches were mad as fuck .
amp i keep that bitch on me its part of my fashion so nigga see me when you see me catch me in traffic .
1 joe budden makes people delete their twitter accounts hes pussy tho he blocked me .
gg oc in the past 24 hrs .
brohen314 game over bitch hahahaha .
coleycee bitch stop takin my shit ooo i hate u u dumb bitch .
boy 128514128514128514 jwill252 some hoes be setting themselves up for failure shit be so funny im sleep tho .
my bad dawg thats yo hoe 128564 .
sexy bitch .
randiebooks its just a lot more experience with womens issues and dont let the bugs bite .
a 4 jesus take me now bitch you go for a 4 and mc fuck out the spot .
viviangames thanks it is appreciated .
too many lil niggas on my tl boosie got hoes .
i really hate being a bitch to people but at this point i no longer give a fuck .
the countdown is on until crabfest15 see our local mkr teams on the good guys cooking stage http .
taylor looks like the kinda bitch you would bring home and only get a dry from .
twitter should dump the little blue bird mascot and just officially change it to a set of boobs .
this hangover a bitch .
yall bitches who hit up the mall looking for new clothes need to hit up the gym 128514128514128514 those not cutting it 128514128514128514 .
wcw goes out to all the women with their shit together because these pretty bitches get way too much credit for being cute w8230 .
thats why we have joinoapi because going on the internet without for your life should be a basic human right .
how now .
spacekatgal the experience being similar are key i dont know if twitter client has the additional controls verified accts have .
houston was top five in while were here the snow bird would love a team .
yay the texans back luv that dude  mkr .
badnewsbridget lol fag .
good they trash niggas ate most of my chips cookies and the cookies havent been in the house 20 hours yet .
spacekatgal i lt3 both of you the scene in captain america with the id do that for both of you lt3 freebsdgirl .
mkr i think we can all agree that cooking was the winner .
whos got the baddest pussy on the planet .
jusdahl bitch wake up .
early worm gets the bird goodmorning .
i almost stepped on a bird running around the floor ah they are so creepy .
im not gon ever be that niggah that hit 300 likes on every picture but i get whoever i want period .
haha you have until .
also im thinking that another sjw party may be happening soon perhaps after gdc .
liveitupjersey 1sleepinggiant ccass357 the only thing that cunt talked about was me crying about the traffic jam knows nothing .
capotoheaven girls the absolute worst bitches .
could get half a band off me toeknee2gx your dope female followers and state how much pay for their pussy .
take off you fucking hoser .
a street nigga dont love nobody if you aint his day one bitch nigga .
trash see how i the t in trash wtf is this oreo song by r kelly 128514 tf .
ceeross negro got a job now lmao .
and gabby was steady walking off laughing im like bitch really 128548 if she ever fall around me ima get in my car and leave her there .
your bitch only wanna fuck when you doing something that has nothing to do with playing video games or watching the game .
waynedupreeshow mt waynedupreeshow is paid by white they always get a negro to do their dirty work .
teapot stuff broke loose must not panic and share gif instead .
with my bitches family .
that pussy is imma assume she just had a baby day before .
bruh sasuke and daughter gonna be a bad bitch .
these hoes aint got nothin on ya 127926 .
when you find out your bae is a hoe .
its a matter of pure weight a five ounce bird can not carry a one pound coconut .
i need to invest in a so i can just press a button when i need to say ironic sexism is still sexism .
theauthor men have to assume women are angry and that womens anger is irrational otherwise they might have to admit .
metacookbook ok im gonna chill a bit longer then walk some and remind you sigje has done for tech .
yas bitches .
till i die bitch believe that .
lmaoo 8220leanandcuisine bad bitch can i hit matching bitch bats you matching .
wow im a bitch nice to fucking know .
to the everyone is a gay man .
theomaxximus still tho walks up to teacher with test drops test in that bitch .
carterboyleake italianmontana tyg235 chill your dad gets more bitches at school than you do .
ugh hes mine bitches hes mine amp mine only thats my baby my man just know amp be aware thats me .
ayo theofficialeg10 unblock me so i ca tell you how garbage yo bitch ass playing .
the puppy i almost got .
oreo ice cream sandwich .
i need to re up on some hoes .
if u ever needed an example of how the lower levels of the oppression directly contribute to violence against women see femfreq .
so i could catch a round with half these pussies out here .
wow new low kat and andre mkr .
128514128557 okay but im the shit hoe .
kuroishi11 its .
if my bf posts a pic of my daughter just like it and keep scrolling your comments arent necessary yes bitch i know shes cute .
stevestockmantx you teabagger want to eliminate education all together so you can more .
wishing i could high five whoever named a species of birds great tits .
whatupag weve used the word cunt almost 3 times its beautiful .
mkr maybe dan amp dennis will have a to see who wins the crisis divorce .
dont favorite me you faggot .
why i dont bring my whole self to work gt amp share .
all i wants is to represent da life o da colored man .
putting the tools into the hands of users is a great idea we need more active solutions for protecting ourselves .
so just chill hoe .
i never really rocked with the white sole i feel ya bro but these my favorite foam of all time .
we gotta do at least 3 and drop them bitches in like 2 month or some shit .
128514128514128514 them bitches need a tan .
exotic exotic hoes aint loyal .
she wants the attention shes admitted shes a sellout but a lot of good women are helping her write this book .
ive been sucked into the trap once again thinking this show isnt rigged when it obviously is mkr .
your pussy must not pop severely but im single 128514 .
arthuraffect femfreq im around .
black bitches be .
its not sauerkraut lol mkr .
my phone on 10 fml i still gotta get to the yellow sign lol motivation lol btw i in lol .
used to have a girlfriend now all i got is hoes .
do they even make dresses any more that have straps amp cover your ass some of us have no tits amp a big ass i will settle for a trash bag .
ok chill love bird lol .
woman busting her ass to please you and you treat her like shit cuz you a immature ass lil boy yeah fuck all you hoe ass niggas .
i swear a yung nigga use to wanna be a kid kudabrazyy shawn amp razor both had bitches .
with 14 teams on our screen it means one good thing less kat and more people i like mkr mkr2015 .
looking back i liked colored better lets go back to that .
i hate when people ask 8220who you tryna look good for8221 bitch myself bye .
madamecrystalb tori better from her gonna get caught up .
lesbian pussy taste like rainbow .
yaboyskeete lmaoooooo are stupid go your pussy down you weird bitch .
da twitter bird 128542 .
is hoe by association a real yes .
notoriousbm95 buckm00se fucking stupid crackers .
if you want a hoe go on urban chat thats where all the hoes are and mia can get punched in the .
you really cant be too nice to bitches thats the easiest way to get cheated on .
after ya girl walks in ya crib and has hoes for ya niggas .
its a bitch living in a country where you have two choices for president and choices for miss america .
straight af except math is a bitch hows the lol .
hes a lyin ass bitch lmao .
kiefferjason and you got that pussy in your .
one of the worlds most jihadi just got shut down 8594 .
this bitch just blew my high .
important to note in all of these stats my before is taken from a large after has been the past 12 h typically a slow time .
no one understands how much it pisses me off when people use the word retard .
redemption round thank goodness and home made restaurant cooking is over no where to hide now mkr .
i mean if a bitch out she gone get knocked tf out .
when i bitch fuck my doe .
sir5000 stormsonsaturn no something went box ran out of memory its also a dev box .
ggautoblocker if youre being spammed when reading gdc try using the ggautoblocker shared twitter blocklist at http .
he only favorites your tweet about him to keep his other hoes happy .
lmfao oh nah she keep it three djzeeti twitpic a selfie if u a ho .
these bitches really marry to some rich ass niggas .
not about to play these games with this bitch .
from what i can see theres a large gap between promo girl and model mkr killerblondes .
there was a reason why i blocked this bitch .
women cant do something called live thats being a hoe .
i seen a nigga dressed to impress hop out da bus n a bitch wit a get off at his stop too say throwin u da .
look at you with yellow fever .
people beg to see womens bodies but the minute theyre seen that woman is now a hoe oh okay .
that hoe suck .
dirrttyydan lmaoo my phone autocorrect like a bitch .
might walk to dunkin i want a oreo coffee .
she actin around u cuz she used to them things u cant supply fuckin wit aint shit be the first to take a niqqa bitch .
i know right get one guy out man you had one job yankees8221 .
blocking people is the twitter version of not making eye contact wthe people handing out conspiracy at center bart .
fuck with us and then we tweaking hoe .
i swear to god some hoes look like they take the same exact picture everytime change it up for once ratchet .
1dnipples bitch you fucking told me to sit in that seat and yo dumbass come again saying why you sitting there bitch vote5sos .
is a bitch .
stafford trash without .
id rather ask yours is she a nappy headed hoe too and is your grandma as well id be ashamed to be in your family .
and be the person youre born to be you dont have to be queer to take something from that message .
me and this bitch may not be the best of friends but this cover loveit she ate that .
i gain a few pounds a bitch look .
i have finally come to terms with the fact i am at my highest bitch level when i dont eat .
gotta turn the hoe into housewife .
a moment of silence for the bitch who changes her name everyday .
mkr i am nearly done with you a 4th instant restaurant round no three is too many as it is .
protect your bitch at all .
come to starts at 7 followed by lost cause night and lets fill this bitch .
mykitchenrules ready to run love the music choice good luck everyone mkr .
it doesnt just affect kids it the the staff that work at these schools that are queer .
3 things i cant stand while dealing with a bitch a hit stank ass skank ass ways .
stephyrae7 where have you been hoe .
never tried .
i aint never seen a bitch so obsessed with they im obsessed with mine 128529 .
uh read the rest of my tweets about this before you try me .
toss em out of office or just throw em in the trash has politicians on the run at httpst8230 .
rihanna just slaying any bitch 128525128525 .
thequinnspiracy plz get urself a blackmilk superhero swim .
according to this data you a bitch ass nigga .
karma is a bitch so baby you will get yours .
you heard letting people know you having relationship problems amp arguing on here thats what them hoes like so stop .
never lie never gone my my them gold .
sooo many enough ladies .
twitter whats this mean i come alive in the night time sleep all day hoe all night .
yung berg trying to fuck all these hoes .
frankly i have more legal and tech resources than a hashtag go spew your hate group propaganda pendragontarot .
chad jordan in this bitch .
now a days hoes be twerkin for new weave .
charles eyes are more yellow than corn .
kelseytheodore2 if you think this is people jumping on you then you have absolutely no call to criticize me about anything ever .
golden oreos regular oreos yes .
thx hoe .
i would say josh take your top i feel like wed be mkr .
olivia a bird for this shit scandalabc .
females talk down on niccas when i can point out a few females who be on that tip .
stfu drasko mkr .
foxnews cuts away when a democrat talks and claim to be fair and balanced lmao network full of teabaggers and liars .
i hate when girls say forever alone like shut up your forever a hoe not forever alone so shut up before i get your dick breath on me .
osvaldovause text me u nigglet .
i need a trippy bitch who fuck on .
bitches be like niggas aint shit naw bitch maybe you just aint shit .
promotion thats hoe ya do it .
maury is funny sometimes but the ratchet hoes on there need to get knocked the fuck out .
another bloody instant restaurant week seriously they just jumped the shark riding two other by shark power mkr .
fucking retarded question .
vivabased she look like a tranny .
lol life made her a hoe .
gabrielaangela4 i am always there bitch .
my niccas was too real fa these streets rip ike free .
if a girl sit on your face and your nose goes into her pussy and she rides your nose like a bull shes a keeper .
xdsmooth follow me back hoe .
the teabagger really doing wonders in these last couple of days tcot p2 teaparty .
the bitches act like they dont be in the club with they ass all out in too little ass skirts amp shorts giving em infections n shit .
ampowerblog velvethammer parent in says made her son wear pink fairy wings on first day of high school http8230 .
is better than yo pussy ass .
soz my kitchen rules ive lost interest the restaurants are boring as anything 3 times let alone 4 mkr .
mrfoolycooly bitch ass scaring me lol you dont keep up with the new ones yet .
that sounds like the best place to hold a qampa ever or the most dangerous place .
these porn hoes moan at everything a nigga her shirt she moaning like stfu .
unicorncowboy pepsi and on these me blue in the thinks of me .
1stblockrody this bitch always in my pocket .
dumb bitches do dumb things .
for the real for the bitch niggas .
craziestsex if you dont eat pussy youre childish and immature .
im a cease fire between bald headed bitches and weave .
harper korvys its also a license i know well i agree with the philosophy behind it .
right because these redskins had a lot of queens right .
omg my first dictionary definition troll lt3 lt3 lt3 .
so to my mom came home to tacos and brownies .
females will mess with a guy who has a girlfriend but wont mess with a single guy cause he has too many hoes .
how you leave ya mans dead for a broke bitch most these rap niggas on some hoe shit .
bitch duck on whore ass slut cunt ha biden its gucci tho whatever mdsaab1 .
my bitches getting even badder .
sike naw i love big smelly hoes doe .
imma treat you how you act if you act like a bitch youll get treated like a bitch .
jonrosenberg gaterebooks is very fond of .
bats are cool as hell because theyre basically half tiny fox half leather bird .
what that hoe was like .
tbt nigguh .
the monday has been a bitch .
where is stephyrae7 i miss that bitch .
killed the cat bitches gunna die out here just to see my head game .
128514 what sends me that damn jig a .
popped a pussy im sweating lol .
they have a bird too lol what is life .
whatever i want to see what cringe worthy moments kat amp andre out in challenges itll be amazing mkr .
i really committed to fucking with the of bitches .
yeah i tried to talk to him he wont even tell me why he thinks this is a thing .
yall hoes get turned on for no reason 10412041041204 be like he got tats he bang wifi with no password 1041191 my .
a person needs just three things to be truly happy in the world someone to love something to do and something to ho8230 .
im tryna face fuck you bitches beef ill get the n ketchup .
spineless bitches in .
tv news is full of white people who dont understand over cops killing a but will demand to see a manager .
neeksbethatguy jessecanon tonykivarkis dirrttyydan he busted a bitch n rolled stop sign hahahaha .
imneverchillin i dont have no bitches main chick hoes i just got a ex i want back .
sounds like you bout to smack a hoe .
this is a conversation i had with one of friends earlier today .
bitch think she know everything ha .
so was chris brown talking bout when he said these hoes aint loyal .
kat the mkr .
driving back to san francisco thursday afternoon .
drdisco seems the entire afl season will be shorter than mkr .
that aint bro moves thats hoe moves .
did i hear the guests gave 17 if so thats quite a joke mkr .
bacon over bitches .
kiefferjason cjanacek07 nigga stop being a bitch and come to the high school you already said yes .
oreo shake i want you .
maxmayo77 love frat boy w soft long soles .
oreo 128530 .
big night at wcvb baker debate here at 7 wild world series game 6 .
i feel like i should be sad and all that pussy shit but i am just so pissed right now idk what im feeling .
yungmigo i said pussy dat ass what be on yo tongue boy .
by fought hard kat means voted strategically mkr .
wizkhalifa share your feelings but if some hoe shit keep it to yourself .
kaitlynburnell not for much longer .
anyone else sick of hearing from contestants on mkr get a new script if you agree .
bitches 128530 .
people person so you know lil gabby got hoes 128129 .
fuck a title bitch throw that ass back ye ye .
u see the damn phone when you married bitches makes you havent called me .
8220tharealist lil bitty bitch8221 .
money first woman second but you hoes are last .
gorgeouscamry bitch fck all lay wat you wanna do .
bruh im telling you if she got zebra print bed sheets 910 she a hoe8221 racheldority 128514128514128514 .
tbt love you forever ling ling .
1 thang i know these bitches come n go so keep em out your .
just when im feeling totally useless in the world another baby bird found in need of just call me .
dont go bacon my heart mkr2015 mkr i couldnt if i fried .
jane and look good mkr .
really bro that retard sentedcruz even missed the point of it means dont knock it til ya try it .
i heard you was looking for candy man bitch .
god another fucking instant restaurant round mkr .
verified accounts have features that other accounts do not not sure what kind of that would have .
what a clam shame .
if yo nigga catch you cheating and beat yo ass in front yo lil yeah and lil yeah dont help you still give him pussy ladies .
isnt dead youre all retarded .
in the fashion world urban means stolen from black people its ghetto on us and urban on them haha 128588 .
ffs no more instant restaurant rounds sigh mkr .
yall gon end up dead over a screen shot that sht too many niccas gon laugh at that b .
wow you are a bitch yes thats already been anything else you have to say .
or many for that matter .
charlie understood 128299 how to keep those lower httptco8230 .
dont be a pussy also there is beer and free pizza here i swear .
walked into a party and they was playin air force ones i walked outta that bitch immediately and in their yard .
everytime someone scores strategically i come closer to throwing something at my tv it is cheating omfg mkr .
ashleylynch femfreq does it matter .
make you no .
tharealist dudes a hoe had me laughin on my only .
they use to call my mom when she was younger lol asian racial .
be a dog to these bitches bt be a king to ya queen .
so how bout now was just trash huh .
wearing matching ralph lauren files should be instant mkr .
i dont have a key to my car that bitch foreign 128080 .
pete evans looks orange mkr .
naw u just retarded lol .
youre a bitch amp i hate you .
mkr honestly how can any of them attempt to cook well without at least half a bottle of in them .
joytooawesome imjessicaaaaa vintagemonroe bitch no im talking to her .
im never gonna be ok with my nigga around alot of bitches while with his boys cause i was once that female your boys put you on .
make today yo bitch .
gotta be atleast 510 to call me a bitch lol .
drake was singing that shit so bitches would buy nobody even remembers that album .
ok night night bitches .
if my tweets hit too close to home why you subbing me lil stupid ass bitch check ya own fucking self issues lil bitch .
daijahshardaee big bitches come to the club dressed well with flats on .
httptcobpu86qzyft 8211 tiny teen fucks her tender pussy with .
what a trash fergie will sing the national anthem at the clippers season opener tomorrow .
and the 2 best from mkr .
lunch is prob busy p might be able to do breakfast .
don8217t believe tone latest poll is great news for republicans hot air .
plot twist i fucked your bitch .
the only one of friends i like so you other bitches dont exist .
fewjr pau a hoe how u gon play after the trade i dislike that guy yea he helped bring two chips but he soft a8230 .
theres a different between ya bitch a ya friends your bitch rey to build wit you your friends just tryna compete .
sirstrange sorry that i came into your pussy like a wrecking ball .
stays making fun of how i eat like a little bitch .
she got da spider pussy .
i need this .
and .
tarah girlziplocked hypatiadotca justkellyok ameliagreenhall when ur writing a book about wit it is prob not a good idea to do this .
lol that hoe did numbers .
rakwonogod when ya side hoe tryna act up .
mkr cant wait to have robert amp lynzey back .
all of a sudden all these bitches like soccer today lol .
idk if iggyazalea is really a man but she surely is a trash rapper .
jimnorton was daddy still being an abusive in or just making in his diapers like a good fag h8230 .
da bitch mouf was smellin like da at da field 128514128514128514 .
cant believe he did that again jesus hey dudes dont do that not ever ask yourself would i do this to a guy no then fucking stop .
yankees team sucks .
woridstarhlphop bruh he threw that bitch .
you look like your 12 stop talking about fucking bitches .
breaking florida gov rick scott charlie crist tcot http8230 .
woohdakidd74 shanea1 aint een kno i was in that bitch .
im a .
script racist sexist and most of all boring as fuck .
anyone want to share their thoughts on their mock draft just kidding shut your filthy damned mouth you .
livibadd88 cheap hair cheap dresses cheap shoes tacky ass little bitches .
its everything to cut that bitch off .
isnt sauerkraut meant to be cabbage mkr .
cuz they dont wanna b saved gladvillian why is saving hoes bad .
my nudes are trash .
with 28 on the some hoes .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx desi paki .
fucking walk off in the bronx yankees .
mediacrooks so the ball did roll down the slope amp found a natural spot defending brother amp the .
aw thanks p .
monkey see monkey do really abu .
come on girls u can win mkr .
looking forward to ncaa and nba basketball 127936 in the states soon iubb hoosiers pacers and of course .
alright your time is up cheesecake trash .
0xabad1dea is a very real of how government can fail open .
no i dont love these hoes and fuck these niggas .
i hope in the next round kat and andre catch on fire mkr katampandre .
you hoes are in for a surprise .
nile im really sad that i dont have enough friends to ever be called a pack of niggers with thats my fuckin dream .
gbo26 mkr .
phoenixdk i think theres a really fine line beyond being vocal about your experiences and indirect bullying .
if you a top notch bitch lemme here you .
imgorgeoushoes i learned from the great asia 128583 take notes bitch 128514128514 .
my with shes the baddest white girl is shes with shes trash is but shes paid .
gotta pay me for dick im sorrythat bitch ugly .
as a reminder assistance requests are private you can be but i need to know situation pref .
if you jump someone youre a bitch regardless the situation .
menoindirect bitch stop harassing me .
she used to fuck wit aap too he know that bitch from way back .
i went outside and got mad bc this weather is trash .
this lame azz nigga always talking bout he be the reason there always yellow tape in the .
cigarette break nd wtf are mt eyes like charlie murphy in the madd real world lol .
then again i shoot bitches in the ass for doing some stupid shit like key my car or bust my windows .
youre a bitch .
although last night my lady told me the key to happiness was new pussy .
bruh he def wanted to call l rock a nigger in that last .
kiefferjason bitch didnt we just discuss this shit yesterday what time faget .
like damn hoe i gave you a chance when you was average why you aint beauty make over when we was together .
notallbhas hilarious side note that show was my only of a poc until i was 15 farm country saw 1 ep .
now i could say my name ya bitch already knows it 127926 .
hes the definition of little bitch .
female devs make me uncomfortable so lets her work was a single commit .
them hoes are temporary but a good woman will always be a good woman .
ashleylynch i had that for a while in the beginning but now i have code that keeps track of all of it for me if its needed .
yo hoe like she yo bestfriend like thats wifey .
ima spread that pussy out like a .
ima trash in fantasy .
every female owns a thong if she wear she a hoe both facts .
big red and fat lol my hubby is so funny .
hoes like when you honest they say its different .
ladies you are not a hoe if you fucked on the first night dont let these lonely bitches lie to you .
sure wish my nose would stop sick shit is for the birds .
that pussy sooo good .
imtoblame bitch i got a ring now ho i aint no more ill fight you .
do it pussy .
i called in to work n bitch said they might not want me to go back .
since bitches love callin me by my ex girlfriends names so much ima start callin them the names of niggas they fucked .
red and yellow it should be then .
money hungry hoes they can never get a crumb .
tflye lmaooooo bro you still got that shit you are a hoe we boxing when you come back nigga .
lisamromano omg this churner feels like razor blades on my hand oh wait mkr .
break shit fuck the that that bitch .
becomes a real bitch when you the are way way taller than the bar was designed for holy back .
8220viridoesitt kevin hart make funny faces his kinda trash8221 128514128514128514 .
all i see over instagram alice texas hoes thats so low even for alice .
i dislike them weed men that bless u a couple times then begin ta tax ya like damn pussy you tryna play a .
kat and andre are absolutely nasty if you wanted to stay you should have cooked well instead of resorting to low unfair s .
thetrudz women are supposed to be ashamed of nudes of their bodies on their phones yet trash ass men sending nudes have  .
berh00m yesyouresexist we are talking about normal people flirting to each other .
all yaw hoes want 2 thing money amp dick .
mkr if you were bottom of the table twice in one season answers all questions i reckon mkr2015 .
lol jk i changed my number on them hos .
hate when hoes try to lead u on naw like lil bitch im .
i just got a number 3 im a bitch boy .
rape is never something to mock like this i stand with jada .
the confidence was way too much mkr .
ampowerblog haha says the little bitch who let someone take his phone a real man wouldnt have let that happen a little bitch would .
naezus i remember playing the 4 episodes with theparadox the pussy finished all without me fuck him .
if i wasnt a yankee fan i probably would be a sf giants fan lol .
losbeonit sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe waiting 90 days wont make you a wife cute pics dont mean yall happy having a title d8230 .
i cant wait to turnup with my bitches i miss them 128553128553 .
one of the hardest things about not working on a team out of an office is never letting myself sleep in coffee save me .
real girls like impress me bitch 128075 .
these hoes need jesus yall .
lived there and can to that trust them over any muzzie nation by a million light years .
but what if he actually does choose the ugly bitch over you ass must be fat .
all this endless instant restaurant rounds is making me develop the every time i touch a mkr .
ill give you a baby zebra girl .
zfearless ssickstory mine pussy .
some of these hoes out here for everybody .
you aint got no job no no money bitch at your parents when they dont give you money for weed yet we need to act like adults .
im hooked on money the pussy and weed is just a bonus .
fucking hate ignorant ass bitches .
year i cuffed that bitch well now its over .
picture time outside of fucking fags .
sorry justin come back that is the top comment on a justin video with 10 million views son of a fucking bitch .
soon soon soon .
brownbagpantry mean words arent harassment they arent direct and specific threats .
d41395 and i aint got time for bitches gotta keep my mind on my riches .
shut up hoe .
hey gamergate .
searching for these hoes i got 128533 you aint the only one bruh .
thats how i know the pussy is ready for me white people gay8221 .
these hoes dont give a fuck if you got a girl or not .
i feel like i have no evidence of this whatsoever but im gonna shoot my mouth off anyway .
bahaha omg this bitch is .
niggas is hoes man i .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh all hoes singing it too .
never trust a nicca who another man info .
cause lsu trash breesindacut why they doin the college playoff shit so early .
you are hairy like a monkey p .
name something trash8221 cavs .
little stupid as bitch i dont fuck with .
were gunna shake our honkey sammiboyden .
the big lips was in the ad bitch .
we dont have to stop liking games because they are sexist or have other problematic just be aware of them amp push for more options .
looked at my ex profile and she struggling with that weak ass niggah 1041204 god is good .
what yall up 8226 beatin my meat on facetime wit a bad bitch .
firecashman why because i am having to root for the royals in october yankees .
chriswarcraft ah i dont sit and think the amp helps me .
i cant wait till u amp ya boyfriend break up that nigga act like he own the pussy .
dont be on that ho shit .
teejonez kingcuh 16stanleys im not mad cuh hahaha tuku ho ita 128514128514 .
bitch dont do this 128078 .
jusdahl gross ill stick with my galaxy it will still receive those nips .
woof woof and hot soles .
jstac825 theres coon classic r kelly usher and then theres classic stevie wonder not that theres anything wrong .
my brother doesnt know what american horror story is 128514 bitch you lame ass fuck .
if i were born black i would have tons of kids never work get lots of free stuff amp bitch about it thank god i a drag id b .
how shy people flirt learn tips from the best .
when bitches say that your dick game is stupid .
i will never understand the behind deconstructed desserts just make a lemon tart mkr .
josephtheflyguy this bitch got a real life hippo as a pet .
still shouldve walked over and said something pussy .
im glad to hear that you are so supportive of women and condemn the constant stream of harassment they receive .
manstagram this bitch went full on retard .
128553128557 kinghov1313 got dem bitches .
ruby is not ugly .
shanley hi youre rad .
dont make me draw you like one of my bitches .
dont be a pussy .
damn this bitch crazy .
should i take a nap though too kill a mocking bird or nah .
this bitch thought the hot sauce was bbq sauce who tf puts bbq sauce in their tacos to begin with 128514128514128514 .
soon as da money gon dem bitches get locked up she aint gon visit ya neither .
im glad bey did this some of u bitches wit that one shaved side can go ahead amp shave that other side too .
when you hear a hoe talk shit .
ready to run playing in the background of mkr .
oi look at this pussy on your bed .
karma is a bitch .
how can we wait until monday mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
gabrielaangela4 jacklynannn theonemissluu bitches lover the word quality because they quality bitches .
just when i thought justin bieber couldnt be anymore of a pussy he gets arrested in canada for fighting a person .
so many people are the wonderwoman outfit but you guys i will be at gdc that sounds awkward .
i wish i had pretty colored eyes .
takes a ho bath hes terrified of water how tf does he wash himself everyday lol .
not if youre standing in btw the yellow lines .
its opinions like this that make polls less than trash polls werent a problem when people with integrity were voting .
thank you d .
sportscenter eli manning just threw his of the season lmao trash .
on this day the yankees joe goes 0 for 3 with a walk vs cleveland to end his game hitting .
how dare you give me free food i dont like asshole campers mkr .
kevin love out here bein a hoe just let the world know u gonna be a 2015 season dawg .
and corporate hoes .
theres starving children in africa but this bitch using bananas to plug her butt hole smh .
bitches jus love to get me madd .
eat the pussy like .
this bitch .
not again mkr .
thats ghetto .
i am the real vampire nigger .
be like yall got me fuck up im down them young bitches for there refund check i got to pay rent .
0xabad1dea you are one of my favorite people bby .
fuck this i need a fat bitch these skinny bitches aint hungry for da hahaha .
girlthatsvonte lol nahh bitch dont put yo life on me ole cant drink water after 8 ass nigga .
this bitch just texted me baby baby you miss me .
im just kidding im not a fucking faggot .
recent comments make him a bigger than charlie sheen amp he didnt even have any tiger blood .
paper ova pussy .
mkr goodbye cant stand to watch those two words fail me again that was not cooking .
thevoiceofmiami i dont care how much pussy i get i still got to jack my dick .
my grandpa has better comebacks and hes dead you faggot go outside and let go of your little ass dick for a minute .
if ur girl watch snapped in front of u she trying to spook u .
what the actual fuck are they saying there are no more instant restaurant rounds i feel ripped off there were only 23 rounds mkr .
darkskin girls got that juicy pussy .
wilkieii this oblivious wadhwa meltdown is in response to women who to speak up against him .
i still hate the bitches at the dmv miserable hoes .
wet pussy with no smell a mf .
my brothers ex was a fat man i swear this is the reason why he doesnt have any money or anything right now its cause of that white hoe .
jaredchase killing you how .
g27status youre still a bitch .
if yo new niggah cant dress better then me or even close to looking better then me dnt try to make me .
i could if i tried but my money feels better then any pussy ive ever had .
ive missed gay lloyd mkr .
check out today really great convos happening .
she know my ex bitch she think she got next she fucced a gang of niggas threw that pussy off .
1inkkofrosess that hoe so .
right 128514128557 okay bitch .
krislisisms today something is dope tomorrow that same thing is trash next month it is irrelevant next year its classic .
i know bout yo wack ass dreads nigger .
lou is such a lil bitch .
wit that shit hoe .
my sister is a bitch my nephew got his first haircut and hes bald 128557 .
grandmas always b asking you do you have a girlfriend got hoes tf you mean8221 real shit .
huntermoore finger my pussy slowly with motion .
randiebooks you are a dog proof that google will try to anyone p .
youre an ugly fat cunt whore you need to .
that shit can break you down if you lose a good girl i guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up .
bugattibeez to u bitches who have upside down default pictures die nobody has time to flip they phone around to see if u even .
8220iank12 half tempted to go outside and run my phone over with my car because its such a piece of shit do it pussy .
did i miss something where is adam mkr .
fuck around wit me n my niggas n well turn dis bitch inside out .
nikkiconner13 trippy hoes .
strapped up fasho cause iont trust no hoe .
i wonder who wrote that blog either a hoe dat let a few of them niggas beat to no or a bitch nigga who hoe let a few of em beat .
philly full of these type hoes broke bitches .
black bar according to .
been sleeping much fuck it ima enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha .
got by a gaming company they responded by posting an article friday night about being oh boy .
7 for the main amp dessert what the mkr .
a hoodrat bitch .
samred sure if you have any questions feel free to throw them my way .
jakelewis44 we dont luv deez .
i love fat bitches .
i asked dis bitch to get me water 10 mins ago where dafuq is it .
dont excuse your bad cooking annie mkr and then kats comes on lol .
dink now thats not true .
this bitch is not only an idiot but a troll so keep ur shit abc .
jod0507 your idea that your opinions exist in a is very dangerous and .
shine on them hoes let em know that you run shit .
mymangot2jobs veronicagk bitch u been addicted to this for 2 years lmaoo .
ho ho ho bitches merry 4 until christmas .
omg i dont even know where would been a bird then ran for the lol .
what he did was wrong and should be prosecuted however hes now been doxxed and targeted as well its a .
man colin is hot mkr2015 mkr .
im happy i aint that bitch i use to be .
hoes find a way to hoe no matter what .
these harbor bitches are all party bus hoes lol all .
my housemate was inspired mkr .
like i said fuck a lebron his fan base dick riders amp loyal ass i dont like bitch niggas amp those that love one .
used to be with 50 niggas 20 of em got 20 of em turned pussy the other 10 put in work .
thevoiceofmiami when you start liking a hoe you dont really like because she gives you the pussy on a consistent basis .
fake tits a can u guess what i was 8220djzeeti twitpic your halloween .
i hope the get 58 mkr .
yesyouresexist another thing u havent realized is that this post is a joke a mock of posts i see during black .
yeah it was such a lie thats why you deleted it nigger .
benjibrown1 u hoes are super basic that give to ppl liking yall ig pics .
lol na bitches like crazy if the d good 128064 .
mydickiscalled my dick is called abusive cat owner because it always beats the pussy up .
showed me who my true friends were and it showed me all the ones who were the two faced bitches .
zoe is rocking the stage .
nitemoogle chriswarcraft pixelfish yesssss .
the moment when you truly believe ur a fucking of trash its a lovely .
omfg kat i will cut you for being horrible do not mkr mykitchenrules .
drasko is at it again im surprise she doesnt back hand you seriously mkr2015 mkr .
i dont have a wife she my bitch for the night if she was catching bodies then it might be alright .
iadorewomen all relationships come w hatin ass all that only real couples laugh at the shit 8230 .
i require the sauce for this gif someone help .
my sister shittin on you hos once again vsamone bout dat action .
damn i think your redskins lost kxrxsxb .
my fav part of gg tweets is seeing so many people insist that they are to develop their views with experience .
gaminglennseto srhbutts closer to 200 i wrote it in 20 minutes and was drunk off my ass .
cheese crackers .
youre the biggest cunt i know .
if she can suck your dick with a dip in shes not only a keeper but a true redneck woman dad .
mkr they have no shame .
moral that says there is not good or evil only different is how evil wins by us there is .
xpriceless bitch u got me up go suck lil action like u always do on thursdays and didnt think ik did u .
cheese bitch looking .
is little bitch an emotion cuz im feeling it .
looks like a to me hmm .
i would never trip over a bitch that aint mine 128514128514 niggas man .
im with another nigga bitch 128514128514 .
ugly hoes favorite line im far from ugly i be like naw hoe you closer than you think .
karma sure is a bitch lol .
just realized the only thing it took to push me off the fence in the real debate was .
awizardsbeard okay you dont even know what this pharmacy looks like but you are your opinion .
i will never ever ever give a nigga my all unless i know for a fact he doing the same yeen finna play me bitch 1285149996 .
basicmountain seriously though my apartment is scary awesome covered in so much wars .
now im hungry for those hotcakes omg gimme gimme mkr .
dev week matches my outfit .
ha im actually going to see a yankee game as weird as it sounds my house in nj is an hour away .
i may have just bought gtgt .
star wars meets charlie brown .
12 lava cakes bitches .
if u find yourself that no male reporters were at one press conference u just tasted the bitterness of 4 women .
evvykube freebsdgirl one thing that me about it is the fact that despite hundreds of women writing on the subject a man .
so you about to purpose to charlie .
clipperteas dont ditch the old bag till you get her marble amirite .
vivabased stealing a car and fuckin yo bitch .
a woman just yelled at me cause im drinking a beer at 11 am bitch im on fucking vacation .
lmfao i only twerk to somewhere in america because when says twerk you twerk bitch .
awww vivek made a new friend .
jasongio meh p thanks for the heads up but not too concerned about another angry dude on twitter .
she just want her pussy ate she aint gon text u back afterwards who wants to hang .
but we do have eva and debra and they seem lovely mkr .
im to the movie right now and im literally gonna slap a bitch if they scream or some shit .
paperchaysin aye and when the hoes start coming dont forget who put you on i wont .
i spend my money on weed clothes n food not hoes .
more shit that dudes dont have to put up with .
justdoitslow yall dont come dumb hoes .
ive never seen this part of pussy town before lolololol the end of this song thoo .
seriously why wouldnt you feed paleo formula to your with twenty times the vitamin a of mkr http .
chance is trash .
we gotta get rid of trash ass alex smith .
popehat satoshiksutra darktechmonitor frankly im quite amazed that im not on theblockbot yet .
this bitch keep playin wit my hair like she dont got her own .
goodbye katie and nikki mkr .
nigeldixon1 you dont think he knows what he did was dumb how smart are you8221 shut your bitch ass up .
just been challenged to make this menu tomorrow night after thats not hard i could do better than that mkr .
xmjee so dont do that .
gailsimone because patriarchy is this a trick question .
aw theres nothing to cry about lynn xx mkr .
no one is saying shit are you even on this planet .
and bri both fell asleep on me hoes .
grimachu 140 man was hard enough fitting the joke accounts hit the cutting room floor most times .
this bitch ceemurda94 128514128514128514 .
you win some and lose some long as you get it on you aint a bitch .
dont think its about injuns i think redskins is about politics and in .
drift0r rape is a violent crime .
grade a pussy .
rambo bout to flex on these hoes .
grandmas homemade potato soup an old simple chunky potato soup like grandma made wit .
bitch please im a stud .
they should feel embarrassed by their behaviour everyone played fair but those mkr .
tonight starts the road the super bowl for the browns here we go brownies here we go woof woof .
this ghetto shit wack 1285338221 .
its zoe zoe is in a thequinnspiracy gameloading .
im a boss ass bitch .
why is everyone who thinks youre an automatically a troll he hate colored folk .
teebizzle shut up bitch .
theseanyv i think you should hes a little bitch to the one true god almighty for your soul .
people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music .
i really want a hot cake hungrycampers mkr .
i got this root beer chillin in the fridge imma crack that bitch open in a few .
bitch .
theres no one to flirt with mad bitches in my inbox .
this bitch keep looking is she choosing me or nah .
got youre bitch panties falling .
idgaf about these money hungry bitches .
back me and used to have to bitches that kept tryna steal our .
bitch gotta work all hard to clean that shit without ripping her .
according to ninaburleigh we should be happy that dudes are talking about feminism even if they are telling us how we are doing it wrong .
if a girl cant make a decision whether to date you or not tell that bitch to kick rocks .
team steve mkr .
a girl whos a hoe on twitter 1280648221 lilthickgawdess .
kat and andre are bad of perth non was i promise most people in perth are more like eva amp debra mkr .
thats a win right there any nigga who doesnt in that is a faggot even if they dont smoke .
how should i even this a mob indirect bullying im not sure .
hi im currently in the middle of driving home but i should be there soon will send you an email later .
my stomach hurt like a bitch .
wojtata high school is the most retarded high school ever .
oh soni99a i hope dre falls first into my pussy .
tom brady is the biggest pussy in the nfl by far .
allhailcaesar making fun of people who have been sexually assaulted is one of the fucking lowest points you can reach as a human being .
b0ssladyre just ate a brownie and is seeing random cats .
white ppl will call mexicans beaners and claim they taking their jobs but have sugar tattoos .
amp fuck these bitches .
i inhale white nigger .
chilling sexy scally lad .
garrettwinker or one of them bitches just be talking shit but not bout shit .
runway 2 boxes put together by the looks of it mkr .
hownowgobbycow kaitlynburnell i hate math but i strongly appreciate anyone else good at math .
i hate the whole slut hoe thot talk lol given what im sure peoples personal and late nights look like .
nitemoogle seriously youre going to make me cry p .
hello and to them bitches i just want him to keep them lies to his .
if i my hair its gonna be long and the hoes gonna hate 128553128514128514 .
its pretty funny that claims i harassed her never talked to her until last night the smear article she wrote sakjur .
peerworker im from the south sweetie is another way to talk down and tell someone to go fuck themselves .
these hoes aint loyal .
when people complain to me about prices im just like bitch do i look like i make the .
the girl school aint nothing but 16 yo and just made me say in my head bitch u supposed to be in school had to catch myself .
its pretty funny that gamergate thinks im from harassment i took a huge pay cut by going full time with this desertfox899 .
grizzboadams wyattnuckels im on that straight cali kush bitch dont kill my vibe .
its like the walking dead but with less carl and more talking birds attack httpt8230 .
never leave your trust in a bitch .
harlem shake is just an excuse to go full retard for 30 seconds .
xpriceless bitch u it talkin about my family and shit watch out .
sex with whoever i want whenever i want nah my girl give me good pussy all the time .
when you go to a college party and you dont see any bitches .
soon as u get some pt and yall wonder why i go so hard on these hoes bitches aint shit smh .
she cant hear you you little troll mkr .
1st time eating pussy i thought i was supposed to literally eat it so i ended up biting her clit really hard we havent 8230 .
i only respect bitches that respect .
sorry is a bitch .
im so faded my nigga im about to in this bitch .
omg 9 more days in exactly a week ill be in vegas bitches .
officialkingdre bitch you guessed it .
raspberry looking for a new ceo one of the most exciting jobs in the charity .
dudes stay trying to hit on someone elses bitch knowing they already taken .
wow im lost are those piercings yeah shes a hoe .
i feel like that niggah pac these bitches set me up .
pussy .
too fast for the feds too cocky for the cops had to ditch my old bitch gettin sloppy wit the .
its for sandwiches not cooking potatoes for head chefs mkr .
bad bitch .
a nicca is hungry as fuk .
eww chicken livers yuck mkr .
surely we are being mkr .
bullying laws are for pussies .
this just called me a bitch 128514128514 .
drift0r ignorance is not a .
oh you got a new bitch you think you got a new bitch .
mom i8217ve had it i8217m dropping done with fake bitches the hw all of it in 2nd .
who would have thought winners not mkr .
chill im getting crackers rn .
if the only thing she talks about is her eyebrows she got pussy .
women would put up with very little love as long as the man have bitches be with broke .
i got a surprise for you bitches .
sorry all my fellow negros .
kat and andre are seriously shit people mkr mkr2015 .
sharing food with your cake friends because they love your food .
when a bitch dont want a real job they just become strippers lol lol .
krysemlyn sounds about right just getting to the border is good enough stop by the in weed ca for breakfast .
if i hit you wit that bitch i bet ya body flip .
kiss keep it simple stupid very much to a new feature if blizzard is tweets thats unnecessary and bad .
cut them niggas off they aint yo friends cut them bitches off they just pretend .
see history of computer science and workers .
yesss its that one this nigguh 128514128514 .
girlthatsvonte dese bitches n my shot nigga .
then again bitches are expensive and im on a budget boo i cant afford all that shit you bitches be wanting .
you said as much dude .
8220erikaj00 i saw a girl scratch her private today what that mean8221 dont fuck her right in the pussy .
alex smith such a got damn bitch man .
im gonna kill bitches today .
the best way to avoid a of pussy is to wear sneakers on your daily also using the word .
all the redskins act like te bitch the bitch .
about to be 23 officially an old ass bitch .
its not often you see the words egregious and cunt filth all in one sentence and properly used points .
if i had a bitch who pussy taste lil mamas spaghetti that would b 1 happy bitch8230 .
i agree the fat bitches the only girls left not gettin passed around .
wilson a hoe he said that shit 2 years ago .
her pussy stay wet when shes around me gotta lick it till she wetter then never before .
i still dont understand why bitches at my high would put on false eyelashes every fucking day .
has anyone fallen into the irony vortex created i have life .
so that real bitch .
my bitch gotta be as fly as me if not flyer .
no one gives a flying fuck what you find attractive seriously no one keep your eyes to yourself .
party of racists just elected a black dude in the south the party of war on women just elected first ever woman in .
finally done mock 128524 .
i just in the hottest possible water while and like crazy for the past 30 minutes not even joking fu science .
it gets me mad when a mexicans go against mexico like wtf support your team bitch .
bald headed bitches mad at me because they look like this dont blame me blame your parents httpt8230 .
128557128557128557 i swear niggas use to step one foot off the bus and bitches would be like 128553128514128514 .
dealing with your bitch ass is so annoying .
found this little gem mkr on our way to .
omg the cutest little tinker bell ever 1008465039 .
indiana niggah you can tell from ma grammar i swear i got 3 hoes with me just like im santa .
heat lost medical marijuana got rejected rick scott got reelected i still have no hoes todays just been a bad day .
128514128514128514 128557128557128557 bow wow look like the stress of saving a hoe is wearing him down .
apparently not many bitches have seen that .
coconono under my clothes p the cape is in my backpack .
bitch answer my calls .
yeah were well aware of this threat keep that in mind next time you someone yesallwomen .
i think my wish came true where yall hating ass bitches at 128299 .
are dope but the that are small n can kill you fuck dat arent scary sheesh y8217all some pussies .
it sad how bitches wake up being messy like bitch find you another career cause this aint working out for u .
cooliegbe300 when the side bitch try to approach you in public .
id drive me crazy to have to be at that ghetto ass school everyday .
a bird just smacked right into my car window my parked car window 128528 scared the fuck outta me .
oh yeah and freebsd is the os that runs on your why so salty .
you selfish bitch i bet you love running i sure do .
they were taking a picture and i saw a bird fly past and i was like oh bird .
that was my mock done on a check it out pick your team how many rounds and go for it .
when nino said cancel that bitch ill buy a new one .
achussle bitches are hoes dont be surprised .
my dick is called nintendo because bitches blow it before they stick it in .
gamergate loves to flood joinoapi so we wont see any legitimate harassment complaints that come in .
and today one of my students used the word raped to describe a football defeat one step forward two steps back .
taitaisanchez as do i gtgt i had quit but then gamergate happened ecig just wasnt cutting it anymore .
chlldhoodruiner and if you aint a hoe get up out my traphouseeee .
is gonna find himself a redneck girl one of these days .
shy people tend have great skills making it easier to recognize the core of a problem then it .
dutch bitch stop hating on such an suit .
got the job bitch .
well be making an announcement about that later until is complete its all funded by me amp the money from patreon .
lennyfinnegan2 im not sexist i am sexist im not sexist oh wait i am no im not whoa whoa whoa yesyouresexist who knows if i am or .
im tryna turn ms to bs bitch and i aint never paid to be wit no bitch .
tvweekmag are the hungry campers looking like happy campers were feeling the stress on mkr tonight tvweekmag .
stop being such a .
you a bitch .
hussein in fighting islamic we should be nice to might .
rip to the hoes dying for attention .
i wonder how many times theyve used that churner mkr .
baby i like being on your left side no bitch you cant be there cuz the street on that side and twitter said i aint real if you do .
all of us on twitter do that already lol i need one of you to step up and volunteer to listen to me bitch .
it is fact lt offers no evidence .
my dog is number 1 bae and way over these hoes .
i can believe that wiz and that one bald bitch are getting divorced 8221 .
marcus is in this hoe .
theres only one bae at the end of the day cause she ride for me unlike you other bitches .
lt3 .
brighterdays i can not just sit up and hate on another bitch i got too much shit going on .
satisfiedx well we all know victorias secret and we all the puff bird fucking .
at what point did people start confusing alpha with asshole .
shylock amp 3 incidents of democrat bigotry in 3 weeks media mum via breitbartnews .
kanyebreast let that bitch hop in your mentions one more time hear .
jacob needs to stop being a little bitch and follow me on instagram .
hey troll youre a piece of shit hows that for a compliment .
basedpaco the nfl is very equal this season everybody showed of being trash .
niggas aint worried bout other niggas messin wit dey hoes niggas worried hoes messin wit dey hoes .
all i need is one i dont want the hoes .
yumchaaddict mmmm chilli lisamromano garydlum binksterb kittyholiday mkr mmmm .
aint nothing better in life than meeting a hoe with a full time let her have her own benefits nigga what .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
petterwass voretaq7 i also read it as a gay slur .
up like an eagle tryna catch the early bird that catches the worm .
my being a flaming fag is a serious mental issue .
you shoulda learned how to bake cuz bitches love cake .
0xjared zython86 mmmyers chriswarcraft anytime they bring your family into it its meant to keep you quiet .
is there an additional charge for the pussy to listen to my personal problems .
yeah we know about angloamerican hate racism .
you need a black hoe who cheating on her man that work that would fuck you while the baby in the bed w8230 .
i love my haters they my biggest fans im on the field dem bitches in the stands .
denytheprophecy thats a dragon you retard .
ur fat not thick its a difference bitch .
i aint no killa but dont push me revenge is the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy .
if your parents let you drink theyre fucking retarded and so are you .
amp kendrick lamar still trash8221 .
xdsmooth lmao got a bitch here right now but he love her .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx xxx homemade pussy eating 8211 .
ncweaver i dont know what an river is but it does feel like im driving in one .
piersmorgan house keeps passing senate says no because harry is obamas bitch not his states who does the represent .
lets cripple the industry how actually start liking who we are and how we look .
uberfacts 15 sad tv character deaths were still bitter over was the man .
one big lecture hall full of bitches in limited too tank tops .
amaninblack i took a bunch of screencaps of the harassment the conf i was speaking at received from them thats going to be fun .
she know that im that niggah .
still texans nation hoe .
thelittlefella do yourself a favor and ball that up and throw in the trash .
ran here from my house too im kinda retarded lol .
shine on them hoes look at my baby daddy .
i cant fuc wit no bitch thats addicted to .
you want a smart educated dumb bitch you can date lol .
are you doing white women need to deny privilege not act like we have none .
looks like a tool but is useful as a clay fag .
that went sooooo clutch i straight ran through that hoe .
balling like im bitch .
stfu prude ass basic ass bitch .
actually no .
whats that makeup called on your cheeks i call it bitch spots lmao .
uceina snoleezey801 damn i always be tweeting you halfassed tweets 128514128514128514 i meant to say hoes8221 still dont make .
jamesynba i wish i was a bitch like my brother 128530 i bet you do .
waynedupreeshow fear by the left is dying wake up who are you going 2 believe charlie rangel and hussein or mia love and c8230 .
the heat will make you wanna put hands on a niggah .
lmfao fat hoes in tight clothes be lookin like a half opened can of biscuits .
my dad talking about my dogs skills i seen that nigga do mad shit air bud my ass air pussy 128514 .
grizzboadams wyattnuckels haha you playin nigga i fuck bitches make money and smoke that straight og kush .
now that ur tour over come kick it with ya nig in the mia .
she say her pussy hairy i wana see .
rams too lakers as a whole is trash 80sbaby4life jordan hill is trash play davis and more .
look here bitch if i wanted to be correct i would have .
bitch i know you seen me tweet bout you .
country boy hick lyfe white tee rebel flag .
tronkitty bet nigger im waiting for the car keys .
sometimes i feel like being really nice to everyone then im just like wait youre all bitches anyway soooo .
local news just used the phrase cyber hackers thank you for the i assumed you meant .
pussy aint shit but a product you either gonna get onna muscle or you gotta pay .
missouri got them swag fags lmao .
128514128514 my fault it sound like it fucc nicca .
oh it was multiple dna on ol girl man they ran a train on that hoe 128514128514128514 .
pony tail red nails still in school bitch .
bowling campus looks old as fuck like state old but they do have a lot of bitches so i guess that counts for a lot .
til i can go swimming in my car i am fine my car is fine fuck this weather .
someone tell his dreads are part of the uniform id pull your hair too why are you trash talking cut your braids .
this nigga showed me that sad ass dog my girl pit would look at that hoe and say nigga gone .
niggas gossip like bitches but yet they be the realest niggas tho i dont understand .
merry christmas hun .
yup then she got aids and died jenny was a bitch .
bet not be no bitches 128514128514 kim bye .
if you fucked a bitch that fucked every nigga in your state .
ash and are much mkr .
all my hoes they so rude .
theironsheik wake up you dumb son of a bitch .
all you hoes is still gon be hoes tomorrow .
lmao iggyazalea post away about this bitch ive seen all the the word has to offer in regards to me i honestly dont care .
i think i need to watch dawn of the planet of the apes now .
kforkicks turn up ya ya dawg man .
i to any food item that rhymes with turd mkr .
fam telling bitches youre so you can hit em raw .
gonna go sob over gay bird babies .
scrappy mom run all his bitches away .
i know all those pacer fans who stayed d rose are all on mass suicide watch now karma is a fat bitch wit a beard 8230 .
cancel that bitch like .
this bitch ask me why i dont hit her that i dont talk to want me to hit her up so she can ignore or respond hours later .
looks prime for some trash pick up .
just me or are there a lot of tweets from media tonight about election night food for the record cheese amp crackers s8230 .
tonight feels like trash .
alanau happy to discuss on facebook in pm but not publicly calling out their names on twitter it would be a bad idea .
yesterday was an all around good day great day saw a lot of people i havent seen in a while and got high as giraffe pussy .
one thing i hate more than lightskin niggas is a confused bitch like either you go fwm or you gon fw these niggas 9995128564 .
if you work a shift she cheating on you off tops somebody else gon be tucking ya bitch in .
johnnyfootbali saw some bitch texting and driving so i rolled down my window and my beer at her johnny fuckin patrol keeping t8230 .
what state got the best pussy 128064 .
blessjesus the crown of his head to the sole of his feet .
i aint going to movies hoe we straight .
im not racist but all in the family gtgt the jeffersons .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx and wild tits and pussy fucking .
my bot .
i cant handle when people give me an attitude i dead them so quick like why do you have to be a nasty bitch .
like man why yall bitches wearing wigs to school .
iamadamg fuckin bitches talkin shit bout to get hit .
comattwow sweharris look dude i want to be nice to you but fuck off you got harassed by a spam bot leave me alone .
free my niggah .
a bitch pic is flirting nowadays .
only basic bitches workout at planet fitness .
im not bouta let no bitch play with none of my family it dont matter if i fuck with them or not .
bad bitch with me wonder where my manners go .
this is the life nigger .
lol kats smile gone in less than 5 seconds mkr .
a bitch8221 that8217s new information thanks .
bitch i wouldnt eat yah pussy wit another nigga tongue .
pie crust is trash it be all and dry and shit .
mkr .
deconstructed because you cant be bothered putting it together mkr .
but i love him nah bitch that aint love .
mkr they think dessert will go down well i think itll come up just as well but more .
it make the pussy sing it aint my dumb ass thought that was a httpt8230 .
is there a website that expensive wine and big booty hoes to my door step .
gorgeous maine coon cat .
great comeback manu cook some good food next time kat and andre mkr .
last retweet you bitches be confused .
freebsdgirl couldve fooled anyone was this too subtle .
so who wants to tell the washington post that charlie crist is a democrat .
smack a love hand prints on their ass .
had yo main bitch gettin high .
tylar you ah ass hoe .
someone came up amp told me that i pulled hoes today i was pissed just because thats so fucking false that its sad .
bitch i might be .
go colin hes actually showing a sense of humour all you need is some personal and i might like you mkr .
the karate kid is such a pussy .
apart from ash and robert id pretty much forgotten about the rest of them mkr .
people who never use any hair product are white trash douche bags .
okay credit where its due well done girls mkr comeback maybe .
imneverchillin i text my ex while she was with her bf so they can fight i was like you looked cute today amp i aint seen the bitch in 8230 .
what happened to the old wigga the one .
good day honkies i said good day honkies .
go ahead and block and report for harassment hes a little boring troll baby .
its out this bitch n er thing .
metroidthief freebsdgirl didnt he say this was a big problem women in silicon valley had in that article being too humble .
finally im all caught up and that sudden death cook off looks like its gonna be intense mkr .
the girls could get a job at making baby food mkr2015 mkr no think of the children the children .
having a bitch come in handy during times like this 128533 .
jergucci she can suck dick tho thats better than brownies .
if you didnt have tattoos as a for your bird chest and body sir your instagram would be trash .
we just gotta have a red headed albino branch on the .
them hoes was trash .
cameronast lanahudsonnn r u still talking smh bitch idgaf what u is stfu talking to u just going around circles .
lmaoooo deep that girl curved every nigga that tried to holla and nobody said fuck you then .
jump out 2nd floor window cuz im over my side bitch crib and my girl beatin on the door josh .
the of my watching is so bad i cant even tweet it .
sit on my face m u a h before i eat da pussy i say my grace 128591 .
this bitch has a death on this niggas balls smh .
i drive by and them bitches but girl i cant stop .
im very entertained that all it takes is iq for me to know precisely who is being discussed .
90 of the black girls at my school are ghetto .
this just in dont trust these hoes .
im highly upset dat des bitches clown me on a media sight bitch i aint going .
when you see the bitch that been talking smack about you in the playground .
im fucking around with two bitches but i never made those hoes my .
stevestfler smoking weed is so unattractive haha i was trying to get high bitch im not trying to turn you on .
snow day bitches lyrics gettin done n bud getting smoked .
maniac3x lmaooo the cleveland sent drose to hell last night in his own home and this faggot notoriousbm95 .
grummz spacekatgal thequinnspiracy keep in mind its not just the volume its towards women .
tf get me on that bitch stat .
leonarddelaney freebsdgirl i know holy crud im not worthy thank you i hope you enjoy taken by tetris blocks addresses deep .
elizabethbatman amp z0mbiedance are bitches .
he did go in i was actually surprised he when that hard n the crib listen 2 my nig diss my homie .
what a silly little monkey 128584 .
cant be many things worse than having cops because a friggin yankee game is still going on .
we dem birds .
james is the biggest bitch in basketball i swear fuckin cramps seriously .
all bitches cheat you just gotta acknowledge its gonna happens so when it does hurt less .
the amount of time it takes a man to resort to sexual is the same amount of time he lasts in bed .
sharonpiggott um its birthday week your week to be classy why are you tweeting about mkr .
man if a bad washington chick on likes me grabs her pussy and out whats good son im still fuckin .
thank god fob didnt come back doing some shitty tour .
yall niccas spark up .
big booty hoes everywhere sheesh 128525 damn .
i appreciate every donation received but ppl that threaten to pull funding if i dont say the things they want to hear can fuck themselves .
bitches twerk to anything rock bitches a twerk to gospel to take me to the king 128553128553 .
when you catch your girl doing some hoe shit behind your back .
myersnfl oh you havent heard it it was amazing .
sassy but sweet ugh that the question mykitchenrules mkr .
niggas want pussy i aint giving any out here is where lies our thats cool .
yknow what i need a night off running way to make popcorn and catch up on .
i hate when hoes tweet about hoes okay that aint hypocritical .
teacher why am i hearing talking because you have ears bitch .
im gonna drink monster til i sue we gettin the bitch .
our we used for disaster was an awesome brownie points to how well built they are most extreme conditions .
have thought my redneck husband would claim the hipster glasses .
let the best food win mkr .
u on the hit list to bitch kill yo self .
lmao not even bro if a girl a thottie keep it simple call her a hoe .
when charlie tries to walk into my room and it cant remember if i locked the door or not .
if you got paid dollars to eat a nugget of shit would u eat it8221 smash that bitch .
chiefkeef if my bitch fuckin she jus a thot i mean im tryna take shit to a next level here .
gladvillian u want me to make u one of my ghetto they come in singles and .
life aint shit but bitches amp money .
has some great but is a total bitch lol p .
ozziegarza whitethunduh im about to cool faggot chill tf is cool nigga .
stweetheart did channel7 just edit your tweet on screen mkr .
u fucken bitch wifi .
oskzilla come draw and paint with me niggah .
im in sf p .
cleveland nigga im fly we switcharoo bitches no lie .
i cant take any girl serious that to herself as a bitch or the guys she dates as these niggas .
autyaut bitch add me .
given the location of the power button i may follow this advice .
friendlyassh0le its annoying as hell when girls tweet about bae all day we dont give a fuck bitch bae is somewhere cheating ri8230 .
damn i hate a bitch who like to argue and shit .
you bitches could never be nae let him tell you he love him some nae .
i swear if i see any snow tomorrow you sound like a basic white bitch .
ill never understand how people can fake an entire relationship i cant even fake a hello to a bitch that i .
i fucking hate mkr mkr .
there will be at my box social .
nekkohbk bitch u boutta drown tryna be a hoe 8220djzeeti twitpic a no bra selfie showing .
fuccn yo bitch last night she say you the nigga .
this bitch pregnant again .
a en los a last .
lmao drake is on some bullshit with williams wallah she looks like a tranny .
mkr killerblondes  .
you up charlie brown .
i ignore birds .
gamerfortruth athenahollow he had a huge ego never produced anything and everyone hated him kind of like twitter .
yeah i dont think thats drop it you shouldnt even joke abo8230 .
this girl asked me why i call girl bitches why not they go out with panties on basically and brag about how good they are sucking dick .
i named my penis the truth because bitches cant handle it .
once upon a time in a land far far away in the great state of georgia yours truly worked with jcmanous .
there isnt one song on hollywood i except the song with nicki minaj because that bitch sucks .
i just want to hear the screams of collusion .
this good shiner .
but if a show about obama was called yall motherfuckers would cry racist like lil bitches blackish .
a very nice jig now isnt dancing much more fun than bullying .
troymadden real niggas can handle anything including any bitch or any nigga .
yungmigo bigmoneyniquee 128530 nicca fucc yu .
did you just call my sweet a ho .
also love angry old irish bartenders pussies have one beer and ask for a glass of water fuck them i ignore that shit .
i aint never had a basic bitch never will 128175 .
fuck up hoes meaning stfu hoes lol 128517 .
renegadecowboy of course i was being bitch learned from my mom how to make a guy feel like hes 1 foot tall .
i hate video games .
no bitch u were not born with 7 pounds of and mac on ya face thats not ya natural face .
rick scott takes of vote charlie crist takes scott wins second term http8230 .
erinscafe we hate them more than the cowboys and yankees .
david is my bitch .
i dont tell bitches i show .
side bitches are basically new relationships to the problems you already have with your primary woman .
nickscott25 faggot you wanna ball .
so never used the ice cream maker before mkr .
you the bitch nigga type you aint never had a fight .
to many dumb hoes in .
an once tried to have sex with actress julia .
ash amp camilla are so ab fab mkr .
trust me when i say you shouldnt trust her if she tweets from bae to bruh real quick only hoes can drop niggas real quick .
all the pictures of the ex are no pictures with the side hoe into his dms like .
disturbing feeling pressure from isis fanboys al qaeda fanboys resort to celebrating 911 to their jihadi .
tires fly when i the gas my motor hot and these hoes fast .
they maybe should have put in lemon juice in the curd mkr bye bye south africans .
these hoes bout to prosper on .
these hoes ain loyal .
oreo cookies sound wonderful .
promise to love you and hit it more than once a i say that that bitch its what you .
kensuttling that twat would seem to be all about there was no option for teams to share the venue .
fuck hostess to if strike continues through thursday end of twinkies .
the dmv system was recently on the narrative of only edit is a fat cunt .
i wish the mkr killerblondes would stop saying sass mykitchenrules .
the texan is gold mkr .
and when you have marginalized traumatized members of your own group telling you theyre hurt or uncomfortable you .
think youre hot shit asshole hope they use your twitter at your trial .
wouldnt have to use the api ive got other .
is this flappy bird shit a joke or on the real tho .
catchup mkr ok so i might be turning into my mother but isnt it a bit rude to wear your hat at the table .
i was impressed that anybody could chug a ice that quickly .
city bitch .
maniac3x i almost have enough rank to buy some stuff from the purple bitch what should i buy from the exotic guy .
you so fucking nasty you got held to the wrong pussy im telling you bet not ever kiss me again im breaking up w u .
spacekatgal this is not just about serving you ads swiftonsecurity explains why this makes lenovo users vulnerable http .
getemcraig lol i will be there in the morning hoe .
nawwww if you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn .
are still pussies .
hold it you fucking bitch .
now when i put this pussy on she bet not be playing .
this was my nigga in that bitch man .
sibbysoyabean oh that weird .
nope derekisnormal just ordered am i trash .
watch ima hit that hoe later on this summer finna be the party of 2014 .
cant decide if i should wear my yellow rain boots for the purposes of being all black amp yellow .
if ever sports seemed this ending to this yankee game proved it .
freebsdgirl i am really curious as to why someone would try to sell their own children for crystal meth .
if i was to really be straight bold bitches will hate me man .
voiceofrae thequinnspiracy spacekatgal so call me maybe .
meatballs and veggies for breakfast uh no thanks mkr .
dying oh bitch exit my mentions her last era was huge 1 album 1 tour golden cont .
informationchef i have no idea what these mean guessing would be 5m .
but bitch nobody was wanting your ass u assumed that cuz u let dogs run up in yo filth amp u think i want some of .
go ahead sit on my purse strap and not get up when i say excuse me its not like i exist or take up space .
why did no one do cold pizza for breakfast its always a favorite mkr .
this niggga said i be bitches .
annie is in 1000 mkr .
now i dont even want to do anything son of a bitch .
weekly open source projects and paying the bills .
currensyspitta i will not buy your bitch no red bottoms so dont even worry bout that .
ortizjaylene its and me and bruno still up in this bitch lol .
good luck all mkr teams such a beautiful bbq family place  mykitchenrules .
nobeeetch bitch dont nobody care .
zeynep ugh twitter it was so much better when report as spam and block were in a single menu please them .
the number of emails my rts of issues to spoiled white girl guilt is now than 0 .
dont ever be ashamed of who you are unless you a hoe .
mkr looks delish love jane and dish it looks to good to eat through the television .
since my girl like to argue i sent that bitch to law school .
ash and camilla smash it yummo mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
no respect for a bitch she gonna top me regardless .
dylanw his behavior and yours for that matter are pretty typical sorry if the truth hurts .
yall be dick riding and these hoes thats why half of miami feel like they off this social media shit .
nick background my nigger .
omg excellent joke are you on fox news .
i love this emoji 128129 shes just like duh bitch 128129 lol i dont give a fuck 128129 youre ugly 128129 gonna do about it .
follow this fag shinsnipes its his birthday today .
shervyn that would be amazing .
because a nigguh but dont mean youre pussy is bomb .
you can call me a bitch ok but a the get out of here smdh .
i let ma chain hang all in ma keep a chain staring at ma .
easy bitch how lmfaoooooooooo she was my girl 9995 .
lmfaooo this bitch hits my car and calls the cops and says it was my fault 128514128514128514 dumb bitch .
you might be a liberal if you continue to trash america claiming how horrible and evil it is yet you refuse to leave .
true dat nig .
it is really not at all surprising to me that wadhwa and jason are both promoting a solution that removes .
i love bad bitches thats my fuckin problem 128527 .
sub tweeting and uoeno lol bitch .
ive always wanted to do a youtube cover but im too pussy so umm okay how about this 35 rts and i will post a .
woohdakidd74 lol la bitch happy bout beatin our bench players .
tellin me im disrespectful but i aint the one callin everybody a bitch for free .
nickscott25 come watch then faggot .
sir5000 she auto follows back .
wow kat amp annie make the perfect horrible couple mkr .
like literally after im done texting someone when i dont text back i slide the bitch to the left id win that money .
pfilippelli yesyouresexist lmaoo stfu .
8220leelucas 100046729 lol be cool son you know your grandma bald got all her teeth hoe 128514128514 .
congratulations kat and andre you came second last mkr .
im walk into my local store amp the says what up girl is on sale yo white trash line forms to the right .
lol yeah bro good choice but bitches do love foreign whips so its a personal decision .
im rick james bitch show me ya titties .
morning news included a story about twitter safety shutting down isis accounts because they threatened dickc .
someone offered me a all gdc pass but its still more than i can afford .
mkr i think colin might not be a fan of the meatballs .
thejokerxo nah they let french montana spit trash at will .
hope the isnt eliminated contestants get to cook off for a chance to return mkr .
only a couple of red sox have gotten past first base im dying laughing maybe the yanks need to teach them some game .
my sugar daddy is following this bitch fuckin hoe that use to be my friend this is bullshit .
ahaha pussy is king .
hypatiadotca a million times this .
i knew that would happen nothing new happens on mkr .
justezzzee your mama raised you as bitch right .
swiftonsecurity im disappointed ive never been in a group dm with you .
stay bitches .
beattyjustin kyoppcoalition obamas bitch .
we know about the typo and well be fixing it p we got this together pretty quickly when we finally make a decision we move fast .
cat needs to understand that she is a terrible cook and needs to strategically vote herself out of the competition mkr .
sammylightning i got hoes in different area codes .
good morning ig giving u white trash body 128128128128128128 turntup webad wepretty .
i just wanna leave this bitch for a weekend .
i wouldnt rob u of this gem from youre not even making sense just go find something better to do than harass people on twitter .
would be good i can do more with 3rd party services than i can by providing a client in the meanwhile .
lol just think about it there is a right way amp a wrong way to love someone a hoe may just love you for what you got .
frfr come party im leavin this til im leavin dis hoe before that .
freebsdgirl .
jayibarra95 your tweets remind me of the times when we did the oreo runs 1am in the morning vikyfdez15 .
doctorow ive been told that my are allowed and the handle is allowed but not together .
i got bad bitches on stand by .
no longer a side bitch 128514128557 .
bianca deserves a cooking with drasko mkr .
ohlawditsniesha that hoe aint shit .
those parents need to teach their rude kids some manners disgraceful mkr .
steveworks4you how much knob do you in one day youre in over your head what a you are .
kiefferjason u can bring that bitch to .
why is that most of the niggasbitches i use to fw like to sub me 128514128557 .
it must wonderful to live in a delusional world where everything evolves around you mkr .
i love asian bitches .
i knw these bitch niggas frm way back if u was ah pussy in u ah pussy now .
lmao damn this bitch so trash jazminejanay lmao .
you wanna hot wanna wanna better rob a bank bitch .
never again will i put so much into a relationship unless the bitch actually puts more effort into it than me .
you still cant turn a hoe into a house wife .
blackgirldanger they are all pretty much cigarette pencil skinny etc .
bitches be begging for love amp loyalty when theyve never giving it to anyone karma .
playing games and wrestling are the only ways i with my brothers that and the sex talk amp providing condoms no raw dogging these hoes .
charlierose jdickerson racist norahodonnell texas trash came to wh remember he and republicans stole the election .
he pussy whipped without getting the pussy rare paperchaysin lmao he gotta snap out of it8221 .
im on my way to the gym already but thx bitch .
i dress how i feel if i felt like a bitch id dress like one .
jonrosenberg just checking .
beautifulkeezy 8220100046729 8220beautifulkeezy let me sit this ass on you you and chris better gtf 128080 .
kaeejones lmaooo boy thought he all type of right spelling that hoe .
mcmahoniel unfortunately no text filters are too .
i just herd the most random and sound da fuck is going on outside my windows im not looking out that bitch .
one fly ass bitch .
holy fuck they some bomb ass bitches at .
and ha bitch break down my weed sometimes .
cigardubey tweetdeck has gotten a lot better they finally fixed the big blocklist bugs .
you can tell when dick recently been in a pussy taste nasty af ewww bitches better never play that shit .
lol its a crew not actual hoes .
may the bird of paradise fly up your an elephant you with his your wife have u8230 .
yg i switched up you fukin with my old bitch im fukin with yo new bitch 128513 .
yo hoe rich homie feat childish amp young soon .
first off fuck your bitch and the click you claim .
why these hoes always tryna be bitches dont they know that hoes cant be bitches cause they hoes .
8220leelucas yall on my tl need to be sleep yall got school tomorrow8221 bitch i got straight as ion need to go 128514 .
5sos be like come hang out with us but not if u fugly oh and side hoes to the left .
tpwrules broken i was just driving a lot of water .
i hate a i used to talk to nigga or bitch like foh hater 128530 we never talked u jus know em .
just dont be looking for no dick later cuz im not a hoe .
1dnipples thanks bitch .
if everybody already hit of course a nigga cant take you seriously idk why hoes be so surprised .
so niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh yall niggas gay .
please dont be a bitch to me today .
if my son ever turn out gay ima have to get his mom and let this nigga know what a pussy feel like .
xpriceless naw fuck u bitch and go suck up .
thequinnspiracy is he creating a new account or changing his username .
sellin my soul for material wishes fast cars amp bitches .
oh you mean cute ass 128525 i mean he should he talks to his hoes all day everyday amp his girl sooo .
i think the biggest problem i have with it is that theres too much of a on wow services for an .
you never heard i think i have weed cause it dont exist hoe .
kudabrazyy when bout 5 bitches got together and thought of a reason to make they boyfriend claim them .
dora amp her table manners 1285308221 shes eating like a sloppy hoe .
the only thing about niccas is they be followers smh be ya self everyone else is taken .
when bitches are after my leftover always hyping niggas i made him pick another ugly nigga to put on top .
gaminglennseto i dont use addons anymore .
rem2014 funnypicsdepot davethebrave1 bitch ass voices in his head haha .
red bitch with me dark skin friend callin talkin bout come and get me .
lmfaooo nigga senorsteez nigga yo lips look like a charcoal bitch pussy .
mkr vicki amp celine our strategy should be kick ass no your strategy should be cook food .
youre unattractive 10000 dinner dates with yo man bitch pow .
this shit right here nigguh .
i like my bitches bad wit a lil attitude .
people tend to bitch about too much but offensive has killed the at this point .
you gotta know the difference between a good girl and good pussy .
dont understand how bad sportsmanship can be by mkr strategicscoring .
idk where this nigga jus went but he better find me some food before i become a real life .
broski5519 lmao bitches hate u but still follow u .
in ya ear that hoe live lol .
has a highschool graduation rate near 50 and thats why they have so many uninformed teabaggers morningjoe .
yup i went in the water .
and a fuck you from across the country kat you wont last 5 minutes against the other teams mkr2015  .
gardner of ca a bird that a the .
these hoes aint loyal .
rpopbox and a prime would trash most of these 140 dudes today .
led christmas lights 100 led fairy string light for .
shervyn like i would owe you big time .
my brother where tf you been at negro .
mt gouache monkey tiki .
bitches with my .
these hoes pickin and choosin thats why these niggas and .
colin is back mkr .
work out hoe .
niggas over 62 with long ass monkey arms make the best cuddle i ahaha a female told me this .
fans talk trash about the city of cle and then root for the cavs like they belong .
ol girl w this negative ass vibe i hate mamas like her 128530 hoe need to be .
heissarcastic if my jokes offend you1 im it wont happen 1 amp 2 are youre a your mom hates you8230 .
1life0continues ive got the code to interpret amp but the weights themselves are going to take a lot of .
mhoye been there .
today was a long bitch no it wasnt 128529 .
pretty sure you meant flight and not dumb ass cracker .
therealemandm texans wont play the redskins again this year .
speaking up isnt the same thing as speaking for and im sorry you dont know the difference halletecco wadhwa jason .
might buy your bitch a bag this weekend idk .
u sure tha bitch aint over dead lol the thots is out here .
agreed there are a few badd ones but bitches is really where its at tho .
im not the type of guy to bitch about how hot it is but its about to be 11 and im still sweating .
bitch what you thought 128514 .
bible macktology101 you a hoe if you already got new years eve plans .
bitch i might .
holy crap mkr .
bitches be having reality twisted .
i wont love you i cant love that pussy got some super powers .
boy went trick or treating at charlie sheens not jealous cause all charlie gave out was really good candy and by .
freebsdgirl this was one hundred and nine days in the making for days this was burning him up inside httptco .
girlziplocked im an engineer yrs exp and i get career advice by dudes with 12 the and bad life decisions .
this is for my ghetto motherfuckers .
so many of these breakfasts sound amazing i wouldnt be able to make up my mind if i was there mkr hungrycampers bacon .
be to obsessed with the homies like the cant bag bitches .
you a shoulda coulda woulda ass niggah ima wish a niggah would ona hood ass niggah .
bros before hoes not bros over your girlfriend .
strong pussy yall think ciara got good pussy .
boobah the phone pussy .
vex0rian sir5000 stormsonsaturn getting into is slow its prob going to have to aws console and kick it .
thats when you say this bitch aint got no job .
god i love working on the internet .
gotta love the across the yellow light to buses because the first one was .
a dumb fat chunky whore .
eating left over .
schulzgrayson dswizzle3 you of shit but you cant back dem words up tho bitch ass nigga u not talking about fighting .
i had a dream i was in 4th grade again with my class except as my current self and remember thinking youre crazy you become a hoe moron .
oh wait i take it back i made a mistake i mentioned georgieonthego once before .
i just dont get why none of you people talk back to mei guess you follow me for the s in hopes i follow back but shit talk to a cracker .
igotone awe boy you smell like monkey sex .
lou gehrig had 17 hand in his career played in straight yankees .
lilreese300 what are you doing up right now kickin my bitch to curb for being too dramatic again .
yasss brownies amp ice cream 128523 .
cardinals score 1st they lead 10 in the top 3rd with birds on base .
bitch .
why dont all the contestants just score each other 1 that evens the field mkr .
we cant call somebody wack we got so trash .
u a 10 on the scale maybe cause you basic hoe .
going as for halloween lmao ugly bitch .
thank you charlie charlie4927 stacydmomof5 cantucimblonde revkahjc pattism74 kacado .
annie is giving rob a run for his money in the silly hat competition mkr .
imgorgeoushoes karmas a bitch 128514128514128514 .
why do you bitch about everything .
bad chefs was looking forward to next challenge mkr .
some kid in an angry birds costume bumped into me and i fell over making something else fall over into something else which and .
itscoleharmon i wish you would stop being a hoe .
nd yall thought bitches knew how to .
savanigga already going how i look at side hoes when daddy walk in the room .
the brownies i just made are a sin .
to get pics but didnt have time must be a mud here this weekend is like a redneck out there .
i cant play flappy bird it makes me angry .
like dont play with me bitch .
ladyvodkax in with the go to air out with the bad air and wheres my next brownie .
go figure that silicon valley circle jerk elite dont realize that some people cant afford to not be harassed .
at all my crackers idk what to do with myself anymore .
patricechienne mykitchenrules can understand that but the score seems so wack mkr .
last words to a bitch nigga why you lie .
i see yall which one of yall side bitches made this .
right these hoes aint loyal .
shik702 lol i talked to a lady who said having a clean vagina at a doc visit comes off as she was old .
a redemption round this is too much mkr .
wtf that bitch was driving around drunk .
i use it on aws constantly but thats probably not helpful anything to work fairly well though .
on westside im screamin fuck kd bitch .
damn the bad thing about having side hoes is you cant get mad when they dont hit you up all day .
i am so pleased and proud to have been announced the sole of the soundtrack for part 1 .
brighterdays i dont understand i dont even fuck with these bitches but im so relevant to them though 128564 .
bra im bout to this bitch .
getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting .
hot nigga is just as big as i dont like was bobby bitch nice too waymothegod he wont tho .
tweet but dont text back ok fag .
if the yankees get they just look like theyre getting older smh bring some youth mlb .
i cant entertain these hoes or these broke niggas .
then who are you to call me trash 128522 .
lol i know that editor .
west305 u look like an all black rug with no on that bitch and couple nut stains dingy boy .
all these hoes i can never cuff ive been hurt before so i can never give a fuck .
can i have a bad bitch without no .
bitches be watching me from other bitches pages thats right bitch team work 128079128079128079 .
had to change my shit up on u hoes .
nip already have ones so i think itll look hella cute .
jakelewis44 when mr sold spongebob out for 62 thats when i knew hoes ain8217t shit ive .
probirdrights i see you again didnt election bird for government america that okay i guess i just take this free cookie for .
i got of rain yesterday including the bird shit in my .
a fat bitch gt wayneljr a strong black woman gt ivansplash .
8220keanabermudez hes a hoe arent they all lmao .
fuck it its 4 am why am i tweeting as if anyone is going to answer me yall niggers dont reply at 4 pm niggerfag niggerfag niggerfag .
bitch thank .
basement diving mook bastards .
dont try to turn this into an issue we could care less where hes from we dont want him to speak for us .
eaballesty timgeelen millions of whose opinion matters their millions of opinions or your one opinion .
comattwow yup and im calling it out harassment from either side is bad .
late upload bitches .
horny gets two cocks shoved in .
i be out that bitch with the .
ampowerblog but can we all at least agree that you whining like a little bitch because someone threw your phone is absolutely hilarious .
smoking brooklyn got me high as giraffe pussy .
on the other hand you can argue that if strategic scoring wasnt katie amp nikki still fell short with their menu to stay mkr .
i didnt even get to see my baby today smh its all my moms fault selfish bitch .
iggy is trending twitters trash today .
a yellow bone .
the jets are trash my bad i see what you meant 128514 .
1 loyal girl gt hoes .
nevermind kat and andre have no hope against the other teams now mkr .
hoes emma .
i just roasted a hoe .
who cares abt coffee with so much yummy food mkr .
my bitch won for me thanks 128139 .
i hope youre not mkr .
only when ur around me 128523 gotta keep dat to keep filthy niggers away .
rofl crime against cooking good one colin mkr .
mkr the sausage was a real hey .
the beautiful fairy near on the of .
man niggas a lose they bitch over a bitch thats not even worth it .
yall hoes messy on god .
i woke up like bitch go back to bed .
ill be a bitch when i have to be a bitch preach .
not sure if im speaking there this year or not but they were the first conference at which i ever presented  .
stfu drasko mkr .
youre not ghetto tho you can live in the hood and not be ghetto facts .
and niggas dont be knowing the difference or want to believe that the bitch actually ugly .
wetsprocket eh thats because they are all young and dont realize that people learn amp mature with time .
oshititslaura you can be skinny and still be ugly stop acting like being thin is beautiful dumb bitch 8221 .
gonna buy like of lady thor when it comes out just to make these whiny teens balls and die .
if youre not cheering for mexico youre a little bitch .
heres an idea how about the ability to mute someone for n period of time .
but i have the hoes 128542 .
yankees yankees lineup vs red .
women werent able to vote for the first years of our then we got workers rights social security .
she wanna talk shit but then have a friendship fuck you bitch and i hope u offended .
sheryl crow being the bae .
my timeline looks thirsty bc all you basic hoes keep talking bout the same nigga that dont matter ctfuu .
i bet that nigga gucci1017 got for murder for tha intro of gucci vs cause straight killed that hoe .
promo looks pls say their means the r the 1st couple eliminated in the next round ugh mkr .
this girl stress me out ion even have no hoes shit i be saying lol .
liltunechi reason for why he only rap about pussy what am i supposed to talk about smh how bout you make music that aint negative .
girls dont let a dude treat you like a yellow starburst you are a pink starburst .
if your a nigga and you use the term im just gonna assume your a fag .
searching the incredible story of 1 white mans to find the necessary to make chicken in redneck land .
charlie daniels couldve done a better job .
hate when a chick say go deeper when u already out all u got hoes8221 128514128514128514128514128514 .
the ghetto hoes love feeling a nigga abs ya heard me .
real niggah over .
jfritzy vivaalakatyy lompartayy brotherbill7 bitch better back up mine .
i dont think ive ever seen a fight on the real world i mean a word fight yeah tons of times but damn that bitch .
ima make you my bitch 128521 .
leandr321 i cant never keep no bitch cause i put them out .
ironic that hes a because he holds trash everytime you two cuddle burn .
no for a hoe that aint ma main thang ma niggahs on the same thang 1043359 all ma niggahs .
we in this bitch .
u cant turn a hoe into a housewife hashtag tupac .
well see im still figuring out what our tech amp concerns are going to be .
1 little half of bacon rob thats pure fail right there mkr .
lastnight hoe thats your work outfit .
you dont have to like anybody and that to people who share more dna with you than a random stranger make it through the day .
thats fucking rich from the company draining ca of desperately needed water for brand tap water .
chriswarcraft and let me be clear oapi may have been into existence by gamergate but its a problem .
wizkhalifa on the east coast theres colored hair everywhere this must be the sweetest wave ever .
of course they doing a cat walk course but i thought this was a cooking show not top model mkr .
why lie we gon find you bitches .
ass voice annoying bitch .
youre not a man if you refer to every girl as a bitch .
go fight against the if you progressive trash hate them so much you dont have the guts to do it .
cant stand the yankees but jeter hitting a home run in his final at bat in nyc would be cool getting would be better .
yall dumb ass niggas be so pressed to have hoes yall weak as fuck as fuck weed over hoes oreos too .
hypatiadotca tarah well let me tell you how this looks throwing another woman under the bus to suck up to a shitty dude while also  .
she literally just put the whole trash bag on lmfao .
dad brought me home a watermelon but i dont like it so its going in the trash 128686 .
niggas will fuck over a pretty girl w her head on right for a ho who only got 3 pair of good panties .
nerdatcooltable you automatically a hoe if somebody calls you one .
blackamazon i used to talk more shit now everything is weird too much attention im representing more than just myself .
mkr rigged so so bloody rigged .
not my place if feel that way then thats their statement to make not mine .
alancasillas niggah lol i had 6 beers before i went to the bar then had 4 beers at the bar then got a on the way home .
tylar tylar shut up bitch i make you these .
guess who i am we hate strategic scoring but we give them a 1 mkr .
two days gone she been gone so long you cant get her on the phone cuz that bitch done been wit .
i wan do a mixtape pussy an cinnamon rolls .
both of these have been created to address different of very real problems that affect all of us .
im a twat .
they are both bitches .
kincade00 daunfuqwitable1 mistaturk5 fuck you bitch .
the world would be a better place if kat and andre left the show mkr .
thank you for making the petition .
why would i be mad at a bitch who couldnt pass the 10th grade 128128 ill wait .
mattstratton ok whenever youve yourself poke me on facebook and ill tell you why its a problem wthe code base .
like that bitch or somebody .
everytime i go out i aint never wit no new bitches .
serious question here how many country songs mention honkey .
for all you hoes know i could be dj .
limbclock i wouldnt do that .
well i bought a case of it sooo p .
i aint cuffing no bitch thats out here posting sex gifs but maybe im just different .
alejandrobihhh capodaasshole i was texting a bitch .
just got out the gym saw an old black hoe with the coldest body but the hoe had a jerry curl like it was .
no bitch over kod .
all that trash talk and we win youre boring me dude .
im not biased or anything ignore my twitter screen name and open source p bsdcan .
your opinion is irrelevant because you are a cunt .
just a reminder this is the kind of logic amp that weve come to expect from gg .
mocks entire obama in ebola skit hot air .
she like to argue so i sent dat bitch to law school .
i am so sick of seeing pork crackling on mkr time to do something different people actually i am pretty sick of mkr .
the mom acts like a bitch doe like ok ur losing ur memory but dont be a cunt to ur daughter .
saying give him the ghetto fist is still goat .
same hoe said i couldnt get it tryna kick it .
tired of these butthurt commercials ya phones trash b we dont want em .
mentions probably look like a septic tank go ahead meme me .
when you see about to fight a bitch .
imnottwitfamous big sean is 57 and pounds yet he calls everyone lil bitch you the lil bitch sean you the lil bitch .
same tyleriam that was back when i found myself listening to mad real hip hop zero bitches in sight .
oh man remember ab p .
i played the video for him and he stopped .
im goin big bitch suck my dick .
oh my god colins dot shirt is excellent just excellent mkr .
yo this bitch in tried to run out the store with a of clothes and got caught .
is pretty slick even if i have no idea how to pronounce it freebsd .
moral to the story if you like the yanks ill pretty much do anything you tell me to do .
do these bitches really love though .
he went and got that bitch .
im saying though all my panties be vs ion look like these bitches tho .
every bitch was born to break a man .
dam i just gotta hope that niggah dont snitch .
thequinnspiracy metafilter i saw lt3 metafilter .
eat shit who are you working for you nappy bitch .
44binko voiceofdstreetz she out dude dont have his hoes in line 128514128514128514 .
what hoes do i have tbh on the highest of .
friends a proud n brother was murdered by jihadis plz help trend http8230 .
football logic for girls notsexist .
i dont have another face other than my bitch face .
raikonl he might actually listen or probably not unless your twitter userid is low .
beattyjustin kyoppcoalition i am one proud hillbilly .
keyshawnswag lmfao this cat started beating the shit out of me my nigga finally got some pussy my nigga .
you do got da hoes .
wow redskins dont want this .
freebsdgirl also anyone who has never written if x 0 in their language where assignment will always .
how bout them redskins .
say you love that bitch so much ill kill you right in front of her .
lnsanetweets youre such a bitch me .
jordan536633 heydenbunsyolo birdlovin bitch what huh nigga am not gonna do damn thing sir this my page oh what u forgot .
clicquotsuave this nigga want likes for some depressing .
the paranoid fear of on the right down to christian should be the sole and .
what made this niggah say that out his mouth .
sometimes i wish i had a cute pet monkey but then i remember it would probably everywhere beat me up and destroy my house .
can i bitch about not having smoke .
on twitter say she ridin for a niggah thats why i really fuck with her she down to pull the trigger .
aarondagloria yesyouresexist iamyaokhari you are sexist as hell man hating isnt cool anymore .
this bitch just texted me out the blue bout want see her butt .
katampandre monday people have voted strategically how rude katampandre tonight votes strategically for the third time in the comp mkr .
gregtheterrible block while waiting on data from a .
ogtreez steve found out you cant call a stupid fuckin cunt like you can w .
a hoe gone be a hoe 128564 .
teebizzle nah bitch you like from new jack city .
putting them both on the same app just diff user adding more sources for gaterebooks doing some cleanup .
my brother is a bitch pussy faggot you just like getting beat up dont you .
well wouldnt coast you that much but i dont see you going fishing with a bunch of rich rednecks either .
basedpaco im just a normal ass dude that has no hoes and happens to be funny every once in a while .
i hate a copy cat ass bitch monkey see monkey do ass bitch 128544 .
you can buy a bitch in the world i bet she still find something to complain about .
looking like a nappy headed hoe but that patrick crew neck tho .
im dressing up as an albino one day and scaring the shit out of mom .
i mean sometimes eating a of double oreos is your only option .
ugly bitches know to get out the crib before the sun come up 128514128175 .
lmfao but we dont talk gtfoh 128514128514 bitch i guessed it amp i was right 128514128527 .
every time this bitch makes a status about guys she texts me like loll .
one deep in my ghost bad bitch with me excuse me where my manners go .
i am working fag .
islamic state in are chinese jihadis theyre not just a tool .
dykes arent even human tbh like what them to dress like a man but like bitches some alien shit .
boobah they trash .
desertfox899 clearly doesnt understand the difference between and people just not wanting to talk to her .
livibadd88 niggas talk more than bitches these days let that sink in .
i kno u wanna roll w a bitch like me .
im a broke hoes dream rich girls cream .
lookin at my bitch i bet she give yo ass a bone .
digging this challenge mkr its making me hungry .
after watching the of i have come to the that made all other look like bitches in .
yo main bitch thats my side hoe .
haha i didnt even notice that .
monkey dat funky monkey .
proseish yeah because george zimmerman is a pussy ass coward .
tell them lie lips they should try more often bitch and refer to me as your .
8220idoclyfe the power really in that hoe omg .
i got the ina head got yo bitch ina leg lock .
well aint this bout a bitch 128514128514128514 .
i hate when people think im mad or sad cause im not talking nah im chillin bitch .
mkr not sure if anyone noticed but kat and andre arent in any of the say they get the .
prophzilla before i went off to college i wanted to get a but quickly realised id be a bigger fag than the guitar kid in the .
happy birthday pops aka old negro spiritual aka the man who said i was an accident 64 never looked .
8220whitethunduh dez is up with some bitch or something cause hes not playing like dez god dammit .
brohen314 eli manning is fucking trash rap .
stay warm beanies .
slut opp thot hoe .
swiftonsecurity jeremiahfelt gross .
some ass hoe drops some or stuff on social media .
just saw ashton hardly anyone waiting for harry wtf8221 bitch id be all up in grill you feel .
remember that fear is there to guide you not cripple you .
ive also seen a lot of that were democrats and were for charlie baker ad which makes me want to .
yo bitch chose me you aint a pimp you a fairy .
she a bad bitch period but she didnt have to get these big ass 128514 fucc .
craziestsex sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe waiting 90 days wont make you a wife cute pics dont mean yall happy having a .
the best part about posting to wow is that its only for ppl that have played the game amp thus will keep many gaters from .
an awesome friday not a day for anymore another weekend to celebrate progress my fellow queer folk .
yankees michael pineda in his next start .
met a male writer at pub he was insufferable kept marking wrong answers without team a your mom joke answer .
cookies and crackers arent even on the same level .
i woke up in a bed full of bitches that i aint even fuckin .
more points more truth fact .
np will be home soon .
them gay dudes stay with the baddest punch line .
if you ask me every bitch gay .
the lip prints on the mirror so unhygienic these two are the mkr .
justkellyok tobyfee the days where i accidentally type to of too are horrid .
work right now is bitch .
glassresistor thereaibanksy keep in mind that promoted tweets dont have to be timeline tweets .
amp these bitches bound to get hurt cause a lot of these niggas be playing .
pete evans make your own baby formula may be for babies mkr .
fucking hate ghetto girls bruh .
no bitch i dont have anything to hide i just dont like people looking through my phone .
teeyouvee if its something that needs attention randirandiio works as well .
i think i read the worst interview ever lee and one of the 2 dope bitches neither one of these two belong in media .
i didnt call you a bitch i just bitch .
ask a bitch in 2014 if she would rather have jesus than silver amp gold i bet u she tell a lie .
128514128514128514128514128514 time health officials recommend pot brownie ban .
if youre having girl problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems but a bitch aint .
yankees show your support during with you could be on the in times httpt8230 .
if you only like cheese pizza youre a pussy stay away from me and my lovely combination pizza .
muslim jihadi keep calm and pjnet tcot tgdn ccot teaparty 2a nra httpt8230 .
caymarieee bitch im talm bout at like 10 9995128514 .
mileycyrus i know what color my skin is you can stop with the friendly bitch .
hoskinsty96 dammit now im the only one with a fucked up tranny .
and my bitch gon blast and she got the ass like .
bitch you hella late i went yesterday lol .
why do contestants continually cook dishes they have never done or use they have never used mkr .
my dad just told yourdudeferg s dad to text one of their friends and say hashtag pussy hahahaha im done .
im probably your main bitch chocolate dipped cinnamon apple .
twitter niggas always want you to have sex with these nothing ass bitches nah .
sportscenter derek jeter gets it done jj hardy commits error on slow and 2 runs score yankees take 42 lead in 7th .
like some nigga lie to bitches amp wonder why they go crazy that aint me .
fresh japanese model toys her pussy until .
bitch ur clothes .
i took 2 rebel vs yankee tests 40 questions accents word and scored a total of rebel vs yankee in southern pa .
jawshoeeahhh youre a bitch lol .
some bitches truly aint shit .
she trash tho .
im watching youre next and this bitch just tried running outside and got her neck sliced .
oomf pregnant from dat dog in the hood dat chase funny bitch .
swag fags who lml nd yall niggaz wanna up foh im ill stay gd up .
both yall pussy son beat it .
i kinda want a magnetic in my now .
aj0427 hey i dont always go there sometimes these three crazy bitches and one trick me into going with them .
chick fil a wasnt about anti gay it was about the first if you didnt get that then you have no right to bitch about rights .
8220whitethunduh aye yall ima for the bowling team passed tho no theres two more retard .
stop fuckin with a take me out somewhere type of you a baby i cooked for you type of chick .
bitch follow me .
midnightsnacka bitch i dont want yo fat ass following me hoe .
lmao it will have a slope of .
im gonna piss on your soni99a stop wasting prayers on trash teams lol .
ladies if a nigga always wanna go out and party every weekend he basically side hoe .
manu just shut her up mkr .
chriswarcraft on a side note holy shit i didnt know you had that many followers .
tylar 1stblocjeremiah lol man bitch shutup im salty lowkey .
girls the days be confused hoes aint nobody got time fo that .
instead he tries to turn this into if youre not with gamergate youre against freedom of expression uh no were against assholes .
mfs see a picture of a couple walking on the stairs together amp caption it bitch all they doing is going down the stairs .
maybe but theyve done it what does this mean for a discrimination law in the state for queer people in the state .
stop being a little bitch and .
y does every female think every nigga they come across is in love w i could leave u smoke a blunt amp forget 8230 .
what happen to kat and andre if manu and pete turned around and said double head would explode mkr mykitchenrules .
his hair so cute wit his face but his ex bitch liked that picture to shit like fucc it .
now my side bitch my main bitch cause my main bitch aint feelin me no moe .
hornyfacts i call my penis the titanic because so many bitches went down on it .
these side bitches will wait til they know u wit ya lady to text u hey boo bitch gtfoh .
dumb bitches .
yes and are my vonshayeb got it recorded been waiting months for this season .
shut up bitch im trying to sleep 128530 .
i guess kat amp andre werent hugged enough as a child mkr .
wake the bitch jack .
i dont know what hoe activities consist of bc i dont in them shit its so many i damn near cant tweet without being a hoe .
you guys dont even know the difference between the 3 .
undercover hoes .
mkr no no no no no no .
bitches corny af you claim to be happy but cry everyday ooh iight where they do that .
nah most of the trees here are pretty short .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx fisting whipped cream fisting .
something like a even check my horoscope bitch .
all are trash .
go buy them bitches .
82201017sqquad iont got no bitches is the only thing that i like .
so the new wave is bitches wearing mini on their .
freaky bitch hi .
it aint nothing to cut that bitch off .
i keep the baddest hoes stay fresh from head to toe .
remember when the dude who played young ned followed my youtube channel this was when i actually used my youtube for more than favorites .
dudes taking selfies aint cute ya pussies .
to the twat .
mother fuck everything you got going on today because im going to vegas in a few hours bitch .
im too nice to people but when i finally decide to say something im a bitch wonderful .
idgaf hoe .
betta ask round these streets bitch bout jay .
slagkick i have no idea what my rotation is honestly im just hitting buttons and damage in bgs with a fresh 100 .
that main course actually looks delicious i would eat everything but the pork mkr .
blunt to the head fuck feds i eat pussy till my tongue red .
allergies aint bothered me all summer now all of a sudden in the middle of august shit is to get real aint that about a bitch .
woohdakidd74 lol da nicca was str8 n friday wit out it but dude str8 uncle tom nicca now .
things hoes say .
attention leggings aint for everybody especially you hippo looking hoes .
steadmanterri wheelerkashhh tf bitch lol .
dye your hair .
fuck you piece of shit .
we got gin mad blunts and bitches sucking dick .
well theres difference between and me ive always understood obama is muslim jihadi .
even though was one of the main characters dragon ball gt was lowkey weak lowkey about it shit was trash .
1 is a not a duh 2 is also a whiny bitch 3 yoda is motherfucking yoda .
twitter your being a bitch .
im a knock the pussy out like fight night .
mkr learn how to open cans .
mileycyrus has to a bad bitch she can get the d .
mkr great catwalk 1010 .
charlie and ron has constantly put out heat for their entire .
with my homie or left of british rapper turned isis jihadi with severed head tcot .
bluntsnextdoor good pussy have a nigga like funniest thing ive ever seen on my tl .
its only am here but im about to up some amp blast this future mixtape at levels because bitch im in vegas .
im the type to put that bitch in a river so you can gtf out my lol .
can i get some good neck out dis hoe .
colonelkickhead oh another surprise twist no one ever in the history of watching a reality tv show ever mkr .
yes p .
i hate that hoe oml .
no i dont cry im not a bitch i was just pissed because the cop was trying to charge me with a hole bunch of bullshit p .
alexlifschitz for non game dev stuff though i want something i can hand off as easy for press .
slap these hoes on the ass like we em .
nice hoodie faggot .
no hoe shit or shit but i swear i aint knw kia no how to fight .
a fufu bitch cant do nun for me but break my heart or set me up .
on ya pussy rap sheet its a whole lot of bros .
i swear to god i hit 40 licks im lil b and im not no bitch when im off that dope i rob my bitch .
damn it wigga 128514128514128514128514 .
i got my own and stroke patterns when im bout to nut be still bitch .
almost everyone i know that takes uses uber they just feel really bad about it .
midnightsnacka wow your fucking lame we all laughing at ya hey fat ass u want twinkie and what u said made no sense go eat or something .
ps3 and case is still in the trash can idgaf anymore .
no it wasnt im a minority and it was used to try to silence me and other women .
bet her pussy smell like dried up .
half the bitches that say wouldnt even go i bet .
ya 5 games are you a retard .
mkr everyone is scoring strategically get rid of the ones that can cook and keep in kat amp andre that cant cook .
vex0rian m1sp oh i just saw the latest version has consumeall but help docs are btw .
im sorry ya woman shouldnt be helping you out unless thats ya wife these hoes dumb .
stevestfler no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie .
my baby mama trippen and that bitch can shoot .
charlie is so adorable .
gucci cut throat use to stay next door his bitch pouring up ya rent money .
128514128514 i hope so vonshayeb did we get rid of john legend looking charlie batch .
dont wish ill katandandre horrible behaviour disappointed you are from wa all the way mkr .
steve is acting so much like drasko that im starting to dislike him too mkr .
hoe the cookie cop is on the case .
oreo .
i dont give a fuck about yo yo wifey or yo boo came here by myself bitch im tryna bone .
its britney bitch the bible .
aianhangover be smart because you wont be pretty forever bitch .
kat and andre are absolute dickheads mkr .
wodaeeex3 bitch i juss yu uh question yo ole bullet head ahh .
oh look who is back mkr .
skinny girls be having that gotta go a couple rounds pussy .
lrt yes especially within the context of that quote when men want to horn in on feminism and get cookies .
just made a full as page i dont just me full as reds and i mean as reds blues yellows and 47 as .
bitch .
ineyealee son we the family out this bitch she know joey love .
keep in shape for the slopes .
im gonna rock out with my cock out and youre gonna jam out with your clam out .
1waynostra these bitches .
id light that bitch on fire starting with that ratchet ass weave .
i cant believe vicky and celine didnt just make fully sick fish and chips mkr .
sorryimalex im only back cause i dont wanna see the boys lose to trash vote5sos .
1stblocjeremiah gotta watch these hoes 128064 i swear 128079 .
soldiers mock his at the by .
in the next round kat will cook andre just to get to the next round mkr .
about to get a free 3d that says fake ho .
fxck outta here hoe 9996 .
bidenshairplugs number of women birth control by hobby lobby of democrat retards butthurt by the .
100 of the female needs to stop being such a bitch8221 .
hoe .
this this this pack it up and head to nyc please enjoy being called a hick for a few years come home humbled plans .
take your queer ass out of here .
someday im going to drink amp start submitting pull requests to various foss projects to play fitting theme music during a build .
lamb meatballs for breakfast wtf mkr .
really dragging the season out this year mkr .
itscoleharmon top 3 lies girls tell on my dms dont why is my twitter unfollowing im not a hoe .
did those bitches from frozen ever build a .
dont want a good girl hoes is his choice .
im a made man yall pussy niggas in the middle .
kennywright kushboy420 yopapichulo do it i fucking dare you faggot .
paybacks a bitch and bitch youve been livin in with me .
omg double elimination mkr .
like when gmshivers said that only industry believed sexism existed or when jennofhardwire sends her harassment squad after ppl .
shamargothoes these hoes smh .
8220vsamone my sister shittin on you hos once again vsamone bout dat action .
hoe men ook z .
being a hoe means fuckin a lot of people not talking to a lot of people yall mufuckas be having shit mixed up .
the the the big bro lol and jigg lil .
the office fuzzy socks and my favorite blanket is literally all i need in life rn .
i love money fuc a bitch i wont stress myself .
people say write what you know sometimes i think people should know more gailsimone at .
trust me just set the alpha to 0 its just as good maybe better than setting the to false now fly on silver bird .
life is a bitch but i appreciate her .
man im wish big booty bytches would use some other nickname other than shy is so typical and old .
stevstiffler what does forever mean to some of you bitches lol 3 months .
never seen purple bird poop until today lol .
im dreaming 128525128525 you must be fucked up 128514128514 .
you ever see bitches comment on a vine like oh my god thats me knowin damn well she would neva do some shit like that .
still better that poetry cc chriswarcraft .
it would be pretty cool if i got to see 1 more time before i go back to hillbilly town .
metroidthief it was difficult for me as well until i realized that one could be a victim and still fight back .
friendlyassh0le im not rude most people are just sensitive little bitches .
i wish twitter had a stalk this bitch button .
only a hoe would favorite that .
got a bitch so bad you cant afford to fuck .
update launch into mkr chef pete evans paleo cookbook for kids mkr .
clicquotsuave what does the fox say bitch .
mkr kat amp andre are the real losers .
miilkkk cuz bitches love pizza .
this that bitch nigga shit they it i just created the term .
he should i got tired of hearing how he can eat pussy 10000 ways like damn 128514128514 .
having one of those days where a pimp wants to unfollow every bitch in a 30 mile on ig that wont let me beat .
liveitupjersey 1sleepinggiant badboysix thats what i call the bitch and block if you fuck with someone stay and fight she hit t8230 .
pussy so good had to save that shit for later 128514128514 .
broke bitch cant tell me nothing .
yumchaaddict mmmm yum love chestnut gnocchi ready to be boiled aussie food .
it aint to cut that bitch .
niggas sooooo pussy i swear i dont talk im all action .
whos my bitch i am i am .
this nigguh got somebody contact as ebola lol .
she walks away what a pussy .
where the bad bitches at and by bad bitches i mean tacos .
idk maybe its just me being bitter but giving bitches money and just being a genuine nigga aint got me nowhere so fuck that struggle hoe .
make that your bitch .
we have crashoverridenw an resource that provides emotional support for targets of harassment .
pretty weird that flight are to say to the oc bitch8221 as you exit the plane .
mkr kat says were last because everyone scored us strategically manu says the way to win is cook good food meaning your food was shit .
who wouldve known that come back to the ghetto on that level and that like a black .
real nigga need a real bitch just somebody i can chill .
niggas be frontin for some pussy they aint wit me .
oreos and ho hos put into milk .
wow a bird just on me .
do you think kat is happy with that group score mkr tvweekmag .
when im pissed i either go and use big words or i go ghetto fabulous and talk like im trashy either way i8230 .
sore loser charlie crist won8217t give speech calls for recount tcot pjnet .
breadtruckkbri i know i was playing that hoe start on the 20 tho .
i just realized me and dirkalisic have been talking shit to each other for the past 48 hours stop texting me bitch .
damn roaches got dicks n pussy to be doing this lol .
bitch you be lol jawshoeeahhh .
see bitches ruin sports kobe dont play no damn football either you was looking to be mentioned for stupidity or ya momma a hoe or both .
shy group protests rob ad .
wetsprocket the only thing thats really concerning is that shes in her obsession reminds me of dude that showed up at my work .
everytime i come in the kitchen you in the kitchen in the goddamn eatin up all the pussy .
messy ass hoes aint your fucking friend .
this dude fell cuz he was looking at these bitches in the .
20tolife hoes teach us teach u how to get curved thats all i know .
jammin these sad songs smoking thinking bout bitches .
for guys bros over hoes for girls chicks over dicks for me its whoever has my back over the fake ass people any day .
steveworks4you mocks you .
i know im not the only niggah that saw that .
ineyealee shit aint gon be funny when you need me to get you outta a car crash bitch .
this is what the niggers dont like .
bitches best way to cheat on a test .
harikondabolu hey heres my response to your of being obsessed with race .
being a hoe isnt a halloween costume .
dont feel like reading right now i wanna give a sexy girl some lyrics via text message .
harikondabolu apparently everyone at sony was too busy writing bad race jokes to make sure they were ok w a script abt killing kim .
everyone has immunity this and andre are sure to fail big time mkr .
not really a fan of katieandnikki but wouldve rather they stayed than katandandre mkr .
you know the head good when it feel like she has a pussy stuffed down her throat .
no never mkr .
mkr is feeling a little rigged this year .
this is the most drama i have ever seen about a dog .
bardofpeace it helps how many eyes are watching not gg but msm people i companies the npo depends on me .
iamtroyal5 briscoefunnyguy igotone kaeejones naw he should drop that bitch off in south dallas with the rest of the homeless dogs .
mkr channel 7 kate and andre shouldve gone they are nasty people they need to learn how to cook hope they go soon .
new mkr is 20 teams in twenty years .
fuck wnba fuck dykes on my set .
sounds like a hoe .
katie and nikki smug condescending self and bland there mkr .
che ho .
thats why god made brownies to replace boys .
it was no oil painting mkr .
free lil cj bitch the wait is over .
oreo will forever remind me of jayibarra95 .
lmao katampandre mykitchenrules mkr you dont deserve to be on show you are the worst in history amp most hated your attitude .
naezus even this piss colored theparadox piece of shit bought a one smh i hate you now .
my pussy popz severely .
rakwonogod nigga messed with the wrong bitch .
missbre lord missbre if you a hoe you a hoe im not finna sugar code it .
them quiet girls be hoes to watch out .
gave dat bitch da spirit of the dragon .
this fat bitch just said next time dont forget my potato chips 128514128514 .
pause in horror as you realize the harsh reality of that statement .
wtf i not a huge fans of the promo girls but they never voted strategically this sucks soo annoyed mkr killerblondes .
lupefiasco you and should name a group called mob moaning old bitches .
aww i hope things get better over there soon .
being in love stressful ma niggah .
sorryimalex you actually think hell do that lil bitch cant punch a potato .
bruh youre not a friend you fuck with me when you and ya bitch into it 128514128514128514 .
theauthor its amazing how often men interpret womens anger at anything but at sexism to be evidence of rather th .
coleycee let me make a couple tweets off page so i wont get in twitter bitch dont trick me again .
theeccles this is even better than the can opener mkr .
how bout some of you bitches be women for halloween .
captain kirk hoe .
lol my bro said it about a bitch but it can be about u .
especially after died was just as trash as breaking bad .
these bitches gotta realize that their nigga wants me 128514 if he doesnt now he did several occasions before 128564 .
this is not rocket surgery .
its basic bitches around these parts 128514 .
girlziplocked wtf onthemedia tldr man gets upset that women in tech are upset that said man silences women so you take it down ht .
lol when you bae game amp an unknown hoe screaming his name loud 128530128514 .
iont care about where a na been where a bitch goin or the kinda shit they been thru .
beardyblue im drowning in email we just started them into a ticketing system to get through em .
this bitch sounds like shes gettin raped by lmfaoo closing the window whore cats .
bonnoxxx 128557128557128557128557128557 how u kno im talkin bout you bitch lmfao .
youtube yeah great song just watching the concert of yankee stadium gig .
study these birds see if you can spot the female it can be done even with limited bird watching skills httpt8230 .
tip dr memphis over and get fucked in the ass you lil skinny bitch i love read skinny 8230 .
from teen mom has 2 sex tapes on pornhub lmao hoe ass .
this feels like that that rush public speakers get but so much more intense oh boy .
a1 bricks in this bitch we in gucci house .
am bout to match up wit dis nicca .
too many chicks trying be bitches be yourself .
pinto dreams turned into reality .
okay so either is a super dyke or has some weird car sex .
you can fuck dem hoes but you better not love dem hoes .
kingtunchi lol that same bitch i was cool with was was down to sit me up in get me kill in get on twitter in talk about it .
128514rt poochda63 xx only twitter niggas care bout hairy pussy them 5 niggas i fucked today aint .
if you posted a thunder buddy status yesterday slap a basic bitch .
were laying rock around our lake youre welcome to join a redneck workout muscles .
shave pussy deserve nothing but head and good dick .
firebomb173 randiebooks i saw it was deleted .
trippinc nuteila that hoe is like 58 .
httptcobpu86qzyft 8211 naughty girl next door her pussy with a .
hes trash tho its 10 million if you want me on your song 8211 via .
mkr amp lloyd have created breakfast .
sigje too late p .
daddy cracker and a few bad bitches .
you talking shit 128567 but yo pockets aint shit 128169 yo bitch aint shit 128169 yo life aint shit 128169 nigga you just a aint shit as nig8230 .
if i hear the word sass one more time im gunna blow mkr2015 mkr .
the ugliest bitches swear they bad but 128564 .
im a wigger .
make ur bitch want some more .
8220souljaboy kmichelle my dont want none unless u clean those shitty hun .
into charlie weis will never cease to be disturbing .
popular now that is comedy say it with rolled eyes and one hand on the hip for extra effect .
128514128514128514128514 bitch was mad af .
leandr321 im one of those faggots who hates the word mines .
what is the story behind your profile pic i have to know .
i told u bout doing that some niggaz will say and pay anything to get the pussy must be you .
uhh noo bitch she is your irma 128530 hes so annoying .
shit bitch nigga shit .
if you ask me every bitch gay8221 not me im all sexual .
a muslim the yellow star of jewish with her to protect her httptc8230 .
nah nah katie amp nikki mkr .
i got a spanish bitch her name nina paranoid .
sometimes i retweet things i like that are for real not sexist amp awesome i apologize in for .
some good stuff here .
8220100d having a bitch aint goofy having bitch dat aint loyal .
yay im a whitey 3 .
sammylightning any girl that talk about sex on social media is a hoe .
this niggah seems really clingy idk about that .
gemmanoon rather amused that despite their protests gg is the only group ive looked at where abuse is easily based on followers .
thats real dedication 171arigold88 this bitch got and still here shitting up the .
mikediggem i hate when bitches say that aint cute lol did i say i was trynna be cute .
best part of tonights mkr drasco vs steve war of the chef .
50 shades of shut your bitch ass up .
look at yall bitches for the child support keep getting pregnant ass bitches .
fuck you bitch wheres my .
wish i had a bad bitch tonight where they at .
turn on the magic of colored light .
a sideline bitch will tell you everything you need to hear if you just listen she wants your man she dgaf a8230 .
yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money .
no thats fucking retarded are you drinking tonight or not .
sexualtruth sex fact a lot of women say getting their ass eaten feels better than getting their pussy eaten .
no and all the others have up mkr httptcokeu7op5cit .
all you pussies is losers all my niggas is winnin .
as long as its not one of those special brownies right .
worldstarfunny i dont have an iphone so i have to manually ignore these hoes .
about those yankees this year what a run .
taecocky i have 0 hoes .
thejokerxo weedcloudz does have freckles on her pussy too .
i am not taking life advice from someone that doesnt know the diff between wear and .
2 iubb games when im in btown how good is that ncaa basketball college indiana iu hoosiers .
female jihadis european amp american grave joe for america via .
also linux sucks .
of justice language amp of substance was big part of strategy .
i totally think the something when bitches come across mine saying we are similar uh no 9995 .
all i heard was im a bitch nigga .
eatmytweetzz huh i been with verizon for 4 years bitch .
she the reason im quick to dip out on a bitch .
do you .
shut up birds its bed time .
mkr killerblondes dont get ahead of yourselves youve only proved youre not the worst .
thats my bitch when i feel like it .
hit a bitch with a car bomb .
bjs5555 elect democratic nominee amos powers 2 congress defeat tea black httptc8230 .
0beyyourmaster real you short as fuck .
remember going out to actually freak a bitch yeah that vibe is back .
leave it up to to make my ass laugh when im heated fucking bitch .
con pollo .
im guessing so the players are talking trash .
thejournalist44 best is a rookie its him and a bunch of retards i wouldnt trust with a potato gun .
ugly bitches like to argue a lot .
special thanks to charlie and staff at thanks to everyone that time to make the .
strategic scoring is wrong secret ballot is the way to go at the end mkr .
i hate kat and andre mkr .
vivaalakatyy jfritzy lompartayy at least i have a boyfriend dumb bitch 128514 .
wayneljr lmaoo accurate basedpaco when bitches see a quote with a tweet on the tl .
miss you lil bitch .
funnypicsdepot if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe .
pat martin is gonna show some yankees a thing or two at the james beard house tonight .
well that result feels rigged especially with the amount of people for pancakes mkr .
bought that hoe a stone since shes dying for attention 128529 rip bitch 128128 .
you know you kinda seem like a nasty bitch .
romney hates big bird .
i would wife a hoe only cuz we wouldnt care that we cheating in each other why force the relationship in the first place .
a list of mythical a woman that knows where she wants to 8230 .
chroma .
never seen a yellow tongue before she just ate a lemon .
causewereguys texting bitches at 1112 to make their dreams come true .
omg a secret location mkr .
if you said more today on the internet about duck than about the youre a useless .
todays status .
all and no bite fuck that bitch .
deray holy shit there were just like 4 shots it seems like an officer was shot shit officers have guns drawn this is crazy .
your mom was uncalled for .
bruh im ready to get this four that bitch is fast asf .
even though i tweet a lot p hehe .
dylanw im not responsible for his hurt feelings when hes the one that decided to ignore me instead of having a conversation .
happy birthday take a spin in that yellow coupe .
dont beef over no bitch .
wow that confirmation comment sure no one .
after that round this is how many teams are left on my kitchen rules mkr .
your moms calling she says to get out of the basement and clean your room .
loving the look of the fritters mkr .
not chefs shut up mkr .
too pussy or what .
naughty mature model has her sweet pussy spread by a .
dis nicca lame .
i cant argue with a bitch over a nigga .
aint nuttin ta cut that bitch off .
i just want to see people who can cook not the worst of the worst cook badly again mkr .
my new mascot .
damn karlie now all these hoes done seen your man junk .
andreafaulds we may be setting this up at some point in the future have to be really careful though .
awizardsbeard i called you an idiot not a misogynist .
girlfriends hate them friendly bitches 128514 .
going to get my id today fucking finally ill see you retards soon .
jstarrtweets i took it harder when rivera retired im not a yankee fan but i have a lot of love and respect for em especially the core 4 .
oh im nasty for smoking cigarettes and youre nasty for not washing behind your ears everyday stupid little bitch .
he married to a white woman lucky uncle .
a nigguh spitting dat crack to your bitch .
my black queen my you most high for this moor queen i asked you want to be better with her .
i saw was like some bitch named mary stole my money .
is everyone gonna be a complete whiny little baby bitch about this shit now lmao .
5 10 how many hoes do you really have .
deeiiggee until the world sees 2 faggot jungle bunnies are fucking and one got pregnant .
aknadnrye give me credit lil bitch .
grew up in this shit stuck wit da shit u too pussy to fuck wit dis shit but im in love wit dis shit .
i want my bitch to answer if my ex calling with my dick in her mouth .
jealous bitches be like dont subtweet me hoe .
kirtaner digiranger1994 we arent gamergate we dont do shit like this .
ima have to fuck with my nigga omar about those weed brownies .
huntermoore ew you look like a cheap tranny hooker .
current ass bitch .
will colin like the dessert mkr .
this hoe straight up on me like where did you go .
my mf i miss this hoe man .
zip oh gosh if only that had been parody .
all the bitches who called me a hoe in high school got like 23 kids now .
these hoes aint loyal n these niggas aint either fuck ah bitch get ah bird .
aknadnrye dont get on bro when bae textin another nigger .
was the baddest bitch of my .
you boil my blood just how and how much ae an arrogant bitch you are if u try to show off ill flip nd most likely go nuts .
before i let a pussy cut my hair i just will let it grow .
these hoes aint loyal complexmag rivera got married three months after breaking up with big sean .
rihanna miley bitches lol .
those trash snd stars would scrape ur team in snd and most pro teams .
23 meetings left likely sometime next week .
maybe im reading this document wrong .
ilovebamf like no bitch you didnt make the .
lol we gotta let these hoes know pow pow this aint what they want gtgt .
dizzybala god awful and that dude is eggplant black .
juliaferraioli hahaha my favorite thing ever is shopping for fun socks .
i broke up with a dude when i was a by his .
luv riding the with sour drunk yankees fans after a loss .
ih8tvvitterhoes this was the most racist bitch in the world .
weird i have an address on my account not sure if i need to add that to my or not .
sfthewolf did you read the text of the article that picture is really as fuck .
at the very least questions will be raised and we now understand that women in our industry must choose between .
plot twist it takes a lot to cut that bitch off 128528 .
and why is nba in my steam library i would never buy that game .
3 chef mkr .
this place man this place .
i gotta get it while da gettin good my nigguh .
ap yankee fan puts aside rooting interest and returns lost red sox world series ring to owner .
bitch at bird for sliding but 2 guys do it to buddy and its fault .
happy birthday to literally the craziest bitch i know im so happy im related to u 128540 .
they should have made some potato bread and an fry eh colin fourinhand mkr .
cowboys are 61 bitches another great win this team .
fuck that shit thru that on bitch .
128553 monkey mad .
dude i work with is so pussy .
resisting the urge to smack a bitch .
unlike men who cant fix cars because they cant fit their giant fucking heads under them .
im going to tweet this again because domestic abuse is not fucking funny .
fact a female cock block is called a clam jam .
jus hoes on a whole different level 128557128514 .
said we were together since before we were born you guys are twins duh bitch omg who wrote the script .
but im calling this bitch yeah ok after you called me i return calls especially if it aint my girl8230 .
take gaters youre alone in the world in your campaign of hate people will stand up to you men and women will stand up to you .
im no tho .
pendragontarot ill put it on the list of accounts to kick further up the chain .
mom youve been a real bitch lately .
iggyazalea its like the guy that asks for your number and then says you ugly and a bitch when you say no8230 .
why do niggas settle for easy bitches like dont yall wanna bitch that challenges you to better .
trap keep me fly thats why i love him you got that hoe at forever 21 huh 128526 .
rihannahasaids if i got hoes one of my hoes if not shutup amp never say it again .
kat and andre are fd mkr .
if you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty .
woodyafc whiteponyjr ivanrabago no doubt about it i mean its cute around trash cans and having mexican boys .
stop u fags .
notevanlarkin hope not i love dat bitch .
chriswarcraft and the sad thing is to list all the names by this crap would take days if not months time to fix it .
omg the two monkey twins had never to call another girl ugly they got then me 128534 .
bitches eat mad henny and do the dance thats why they pussy always stink .
frozen and my new best friends cripple .
see adolfhibsta your pussy amp personality gotta be trash if a nigga stopped talking to you after sex .
bigboybeezy if you a hoe on the internet you a hoe irl .
my favorite time of da day happy hour the bad bitches come out and the ok hoes at home doing makeup .
can kids say much when their parents pay for everything if he paying every bill i cant complain abo8230 .
im a bitch .
oh my god seriously pure evil that is not editing its just plain nasty to make those comments mkr katandandre .
clicquotsuave i luv when pussy smell like iphone 3 .
lmfao u james with a lookin ass i hate niggers imma start talking to white boys .
i drove my daughters guinea pig to the vets this morning im quite handy with my new golf .
put a ring on it or it aint yo bitch .
wow according to this tweet by obama must have been an uncle tom .
triple6em96 longbongchris stfu you stupid bitch like leave us alone no one gives a fuck about you bruh just block her were good .
like bitch youre a man that means you dont show fear or pain you be strong when others cant .
realityforger spacekatgal lol all my tweets are properly .
chrisbrown a bitch 4 hittin a a bitch 4 lettin a woman hit needa make up ya mind want yah a8230 .
peerworker online harassment is a serious problem and it needs to be addressed but making false wont get you anywhere .
so you know you can do it lol mkr .
yaboyskeete a real man gonna keep it real with his bitches lmaooooo shut up im not tellin u about other women mind ur business .
shinsnipes did u steal those glasses haha stupid nigger .
mt monkey vinyl lounge .
the homie love fat bitches 128514128557128514 like in love .
thecoreyholcomb if your man is happy in his next relationship your fucked up ways are a blessing bitch .
bitches always like you got hoes i be like duhh im tryna make you one of em 128514128514 nbs .
tpstigers depends on the artist my outfit has a cape .
please take a moment to give your support to spacekatgal gamergate is her game on steam green light ethics .
you better feel the love i dont even show these hoes love lol .
because them niggas that told you bitch made amp they not real niggas or any kind of real .
well i know you like it when children are murdered kind of weird you would be such a little bitch about a twitter list .
i need a bitch to drop it down for me lol .
might have to play the tonight for my black hoes you know i still care about yal .
your definitions of masculinity and femininity are and oppressive educate yourself .
anthonycumia just dont bitch when your power goes out like last time .
lilthickgawdess childishcudl basic bitch comeback expected .
these bitches fake one min talking about a hoe next min with the hoe .
wyattnuckels sun follow me you 4 bitch you cant do shit so stfu faggot .
this book was published in .
rugbysocklad hell yeah bro fuck yeah sexy scally lad in hot gear .
i didnt have an emotional reaction when my own died but i am crying for nimoy .
nigga fuck you some plano schools go hard then a bitch way better than richardson .
a girlfriend would be cool but pussy is all they got nowadays .
these hoes aint loyal .
nah we not gonna sit down we gonna walk it out bitch .
mykitchenrules colin mkr hungrycampers .
youfoundthecard chriswarcraft um thats basic dos has batch files but they arent basic p .
youre from a trash can .
lmaoo that bitch called on thor for some strength 5838658386 wait .
i heard big booty bitches cant take no 127814 .
the dessert looked great i wouldnt have cooked the apples like that but i want to try that icecream mkr .
read wo slant your statement said everything we is the only extreme comment made .
the tree in was my bitch at 7 years old .
chilblane wait what .
welcome to the family mia new puppy adorable cute mutt girl .
how can dre drop it but so much cunts will illegally download it or go on itunes to get it should be a fuckin hardcore cd in only .
top 5 cartoon bitches id lola jessica mom .
uberfacts has which gives her two different colored eyes one eye is green the other is brown .
saucygyro whiteponyjr ugly bitch has blood on her hands for her whore ways .
exactly so tweet some other shit fuck all that dont be like everybody this aint monkey see monkey do .
hoe .
this weather is a bitch .
poochda63 theyre young ladies poochda63 you got hoes .
someone told me cuz some ppl like to use it as bitch some females dont like being female but meh shrugs .
that time when someone started a petition on to remove from arenas .
these hoes aint shit .
damn these bitches in middle school look grown af in these .
imneverchillin pregnant bitches get on the bus and think you suppose to give them your seat like bitch you should of fucked a nigga wi8230 .
if your twitter is private but your instagram is public u r probs a trash talking thot .
rows for the hoescurls for the girlsplanks for the skanks deep cuts for the slutsquads for the broadsno pecs n8230 .
girlziplocked ameliagreenhall i really wish i had the time to dig more into su and such seems basically .
thats bullshit colin and you know it mkr .
ha ha real name is 128530128530 where yall get these ghetto ass names from .
lmao your just a dumb hoe that budden made popular please stop your irrelevant and no one cares about you slut .
babes we buy brazilian and not bengali .
prayingforhead every time bobby bitch comes on .
isis and jihadi terrorists post 90 tweets every minute to spread propaganda .
i hate a wishy washy bitch .
sfthewolf there are better ways to make that comic amp not scare off all your female customers .
bitches bitches bitches .
conan needs to get a life with that 80 food maybe .
mad props to well done .
wish i had a bae got all the hoes tho .
what kat and andre are doing is called bullying i hope theyre proud of themselves mkr .
i hate a im my own wcw 128129 ass bitch 1285148221 .
desertfox899 im not just referring to you also you are not tim .
liveanduncut the fans are all the same person to me half quarter a quarter hipster .
complete trash not even .
the world is yours n every bitch in it .
so glad the instant restaurants are over and done with ive missed this chaos  mkr .
i feel sorry for anyone who paid for because is trash .
ok so for what reason did god make worms whose sole purpose is to into the eye of a small african child .
i dont care who it is just as long as its not the promogirls mkr .
pgammo that the yankees have won four straight greene starts and 7 of 9 speaks to his in a season of .
my sister is such a bitch to me when she dont get her way .
im about to wander outside and enjoy the sun for a few minutes .
i be chillin wit the bitches cuz a lotta niccas fake .
it was rigged mkr .
that bitch on she dont act right .
yea i see ya hoe .
fuck you that football scum woulda stabbed his gf to death and slit his wrists instead of shooting yer a fool .
i hope i trip and fall into some pussy .
a hoe only cares about the now the future is irrelevant .
freebsdgirl did you check back in their timeline where theyre yelling about a right to information .
westsideflee it all depends on the female dawg usually thats how it is with these hoes but the genuine women fuck w8230 .
watching mkr mkr2015 eating pork spare rib and quinoa cooked in pork fat with .
cute dumb females trash .
what a wifey would understand a hoe could never .
do you believe these hoes are not in fact loyal i disagree with that i do believe they are in fact the hoes .
if pussy is just pussy to you you a nasty ass nigga hope you get aids 1285538221 bit harsh rethink that statement .
all i want for my birthday is a big booty hoe .
amp 4th my guinea pig will you .
when someone tells me i should stop being a bitch .
aint shit pretty but my bitch and my mama anyone can get the drama .
nscottg i love atlassian p .
i got a bitch named banana pussy bananas swear i gotta say it again pussy bananas my lil cool azz bitch she from da westside .
play me about twice aye im a cunt youre dead .
really a can opener mkr lol .
instagram have you looking at motherfuckers like who the fuck does this bitchnigga think .
dont do em with my girl lol so when yall in does your girl eat the pussy too .
these nigs is haters man and ive made myself so easy to luv .
dr made his own words to off of nigga was trash i hated them books as a kid .
fake bitches .
the most important thing you can do as a parent is teach your children how to walk in someone elses shoes .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx anal anal tranny play part .
outside my building it is weird how i have to wonder if someone called in a false report on me waiting it out to see .
looks over at oomf does pretending to have no bitches really work or nah .
if it takes so long to make then why did you bother mkr .
load this bitch up with kool aid .
hey twitter is probably a if you google his handle you can also see hes a white stoner gamer shocking .
5sos its the best thing ever driving past of people at shows and seeing coloured hair 5sos shirts that youve made o8230 .
hope shes larger than a bird .
foreign bad bitch n she said her name trap house look like it got hit by hurricane .
sick and watching the yankees game .
its nt that i hate that bitch i just hate the shot he do .
wtf is flappy bird8221 are you kidding me .
losbeonit that guy who youre so into and who is constantly an asshole to you doesnt give a damn about you beyond ur pussy .
titan4ever2488 how are yankees games on the radio good .
turbocunt zip thequinnspiracy has this and i am now obsessed .
uh was your tweet taken down or in any way pretty sure your definition of cant is drunk .
blackgirldanger omg i am so sorry i have been there still trying to find solutions good luck .
gozleme is taking way too long mkr .
having a new boyfriend every month doesnt mean youre gorgeous it means youre easy and retarded .
selling my soul for material wishes fast cars and bitches tupac smile remix .
why has mkr really done its not the same anymore .
mariachimacabre chriswarcraft pixelfish yup lots of references to things from classic i love wod .
im sure that drasko is a drain cleaner in m .
pussy poppin on a while ur eating watermelon .
im glad will and steve are back though mkr mkr2015 .
a relationship does not stop a hoe from being a hoe .
nigga fuck hoe ion want fuck yo hoe she a fat chick amp she bad built 128080 .
cant worry bout a bitch that aint worried bout me .
a septic tank for those feelings .
now go take out the trash today i was but not thanks ladies httpt8230 .
you want to be a little bitch than ima treat you like a little bitch8221 .
0xabad1dea bm is getting closer with their lt .
the cop was bitch slapped by this wanna b st thug and he got what got dead see you dont slap cops they r law .
is one bad bitch wouldnt wanna mess with her impact .
if you love her hide your bitch so you keep shorty .
i hate when my best friend gets a new bitch and barely with me .
i just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me drizzy lol .
spatchcock time mkr .
wheelerkashhh 128525128525128525 we gave bitches something to be mad about .
cut these hoes off right now i really need to ion really know girl but i believe in u .
15 did twitter ever get you .
im not sexist but .
retweet to spam this faggot chickencoleman dick going 128070 .
kat and andre are the crud on the bottom of a when you burn your food mkr .
a hoe is gonna be a hoe no matter what .
trash can the son cj rap watch amp vote here .
lmfaoooooo gay as fuck 128557128557128557128557128557 get these two faggots off my tl .
good to see worse cooks in the kitchen than myself mkr .
having a real bitch by your side and holding it down for you is a blessing 128591 for real .
omg its here .
to gamergate is threatening children and grummz is totally ok with this because free speech .
as if it wasnt gon get bacc to me 128514128557 bitch your outta your fuccing mind .
tbh rooting for jane and emma bc we have that lawyer bond mkr .
dont fucks with u hoe .
joinoapi revenge porn and doxxing was just banned from twitter .
johns be honest you got hoes in different area codes .
fuck who am i .
will do  .
you can definitely tell whos a whore by what bitches wear when its slightly warm out .
fuck that stupid bitch 128530 .
pussy ride dick like she a gt .
you at the club every week bitch get a life .
kinda just wanna cruise and see if i see that colorful ass bitch walking around best believe there will be one less clown on this earth .
i want a panel of women in tech this shit up stopwadhwa2015 .
girlziplocked mostly entertained at how they think its going to bother me posted myself in a on twitter obviously give 0 fucks .
hornyfacts a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the moviesno u might be stupid if u pay 499 for a8230 .
hungrier then a ho .
we are in the wall street game developer the gaming industry is not doing enough to misogyny .
what i look like ho i look like yes and you look like no nickiminaj .
i see da presidents coz my bitches and hoes be makin money day way .
in fucking mexico bitches .
and feeling yellow .
tmaccgfg 8220voiceofdstreetz tmaccgfg no nasty anyway hoes taste like .
this bitch really has no filter 128528 .
lmfao bitch got her shit rocked .
85 species of birds reported in for the great bird count how many in your area .
honestly what .
lynnemcgranger not happy wanted the girls to .
denniscearl w not v .
i jus wanna watch this last episode of orange is the new black but netflix jus wants to be a bitch 128530 .
yall know skip is about to slit his wrists over romo lol .
randiebooks queerdalek kaylinevergreen freebsdgirl you could just start an ebooks account just so i had more shit to argue with .
he better bring one classy bitch home because momma aint going to be dealing with random hoes in the house .
tell these hoes that they gotta glo up one day .
comattwow not just gaming but being decent humans .
teach me you really be fucking bitches brah .
hoes be going through when they dude in jail bc other females told the same shit they all need to be .
4 fat hoes ina u can tell they jus lost dey car ride too happy lmao .
torahblaze 1sonofyahweh hell yea i dont know whats wrong w the brothas that love these cave hoes so damn much .
was a bitch cause i said so .
most them niccas i thought was real tried to derail me .
clarkhat one of the best things anyone can do to improve their understanding of grammar is spend some time studying latin .
my dawg told me its a must i be this saturday rockin that bitch wit tha8230 .
has turned from a cool liquor i used to be a drink for pussy country dudes who hear it in a song .
i woke up to this little sitting in my lap staring at me .
lmao my nigga lets go half on a weed brownie 128553 we will be laughing hard as hell in senior .
i dream about having twin girls a lot yea karma i know its you bitch .
i got 99 problems and the bitch heard me call her a bitch so now i have 100 .
this bitch darealquitam just called me a whore tho 128514128514128514128514 ol angry bird lmao .
bossmancarl nigga i didnt have no some hoes for tryna shoot know yall cant shoot .
you a hoe i just thought you were cute that8217s why i kissed .
hit his bitch im like im like no it wasnt me .
amp emilie are carlyandtresne 20 mkr .
so what if she a hoe in her city if she make you happy move her to montana and be happy for the rest of y8217all days .
lmao okay now let8217s address pepsi pussy thotcho real niggas know .
get on your mutha fucking shit hoe .
females get irritated fast 1285308221 fuck them hoes .
naw deez aint no hoe u gota add 4 mo .
niccas dnt kno bout da art of .
ill keep all comments to myself about tho ill just laugh about it with my nigs .
not as sick as you muzzie trash jewjitsugrl darknight420 .
nickfalkner oh just you wait nick just you wait the end of this episode will change how you view mkr forever .
adriarichards with so many factual nytimes piece about online harassment by its a to everyone httpt .
so ready warlords selfie .
when i die take my casket to the club so bitches can twerk on it im putting the fun back in funeral .
bring her round these yo hoe will get slayed .
i learned that every bad bitch comes wit mood swings just like so true mane .
bro like i really enjoy like eating pussy from the back it makes it more nasty i like nasty haha like eating ass 2 .
well i want to be victorias secret dyke .
well your a little cunt .
john kerry caught to mock operation in gaza israel gaza httptco8230 .
idk how bitches trust other bitches sooo easily i still have the same friends .
wheres the pic of her standing again this bitch looks like .
nuteila wtf ling ling did you at least calculate the when you threw that ass in a circle .
nikki katie from mkr annoy me hope this pops up on the screen .
whitethunduh im the bitch okay nudes pat wow .
needs service to get texts from hoes .
shouldnt be at the club pacdagoat i done been in the club and saw bitches a dance because they had a man as 8230 .
thatslutadrian ill be that bitch today .
i turn to a nasty hoe rihanna to a classy hoe .
doesn8217t it always feel like we go into the season with offensive concepts that we trash and then we get good .
he better choose up cuz aint no bitch a nigga that she dont fw for being wit other dont even sound right .
not looking for outside of my antiharassment org .
and somehow blonde again mkr .
what do i do with business cards someone tell me an app for that .
you scum bro hurricanesensei when tha pussy was trash but she still txt yu my life aint shit .
ashleylynch timoflegend its the first time since december 2nd when i started monitoring that gg has complained more about a male .
heydenbunsyolo then bitch how about u go read wtf i put then .
chill cuz youll regret it bro your hitting that hoe rn why quit .
i recall an article where mkr itself on doing just 1 unlike 2 seasons theyre playing it out like 4 .
sometimes i feel like olivia .
lol my porn name is master wtf y i gotta have dat bitch ass name .
a 4th round of instant restaurants i thought 3 was enough this year dont get me wrong i love this show but seriously mkr .
so apparently likes takin pictures when hes eatin .
really tho i kind of just want to drain a glass of wine and rant about things that i dont like but i can do that anytime .
jkwest i dnt trust bitches who think they b on bad girls club .
too much shit going on to deal with another bitch nonsense .
phishlicia not about you fag i miss you like crazy .
ive worked with a lot of abused dogs in the past used to do a lot of work training amp issues .
southsidevic this tweet was a trap and i caught 23 hoes .
yo this niggah catch every tweet lls oh my goodness .
lynne and tony are going home theyre too likeable mkr mkr2015 .
i need one of these around the world twitter bitches cause these local facebook hoes aint it lol .
so annoying kat amp andre go home mkr .
gamergate is trying to do damage control hard i dont think they realize that theres nothing left for them to .
feebee63 a 7 this bloke is utterly demented mkr .
one of your followers with this 128525128553 somebody bitch if you dont .
espn yeah men never comment on athletes bodies ever .
just said to me he thought mustard on the beat ho was saying on the beat this whole time .
higher den a bitch .
yo pussy been through it for the 9 visits .
she gotta shape up her pussy lips tho postprettypussy whole wheat organic pussy .
i want some oreos and milk 128553 .
like stop being a bitch for 32 seconds .
chillin in the hood with my retarded ass homegirl i feel at home .
amp if you aint a ho get up out my trap .
why you talking to hoes about bro nem 128548 .
i dont fck wit those 822011wdnick whos pussy better then a crazy bitch8221 apparently thots 128530 .
too many bad bitches last night .
mkr cant believe no one knows the difference between sauerkraut and red cabbage sauerkraut is cabbage people .
ugly cunt u probably have an penis faggot .
damn girl that pussy talkin im over nigga .
girlziplocked i get the sense from his timeline that vivek is hoping gamergate goes after like they do freebsdgirl .
blue rule mkr .
top notch hoes get the most not the lesser .
a real hoe will never let you turn her into a house wife shell let you know what it is before you start catching .
yall be cool out there in that cold chasing them hoes 999665039 .
going hard bitch swear im on my job throw a in the air call that shit a .
deconstructed lemon tart it was a plate of crushed biscuit mkr .
back in elementary school when you were line leader everybody else was your bitch .
friendlyassh0le bitches will argue with you for 30 mins and then be like you know what i aint gonna argue with what .
what to do after the alone and nothing to come chill maybe go ima do ya bitch .
if your team is trash .
come her lil bitch i want that sloppy toppy .
soup is so much better when you have enough crackers to in it to make it into a .
not all females constantly tweet about their boyfriends but i wish death on the ones that do tired of you and him bitch .
you bitches make me sick .
what type of eye makeup do redneck women use .
lol at the benghazi that proved nothing other than republicans only care about taking down pbo foxnews teabaggers .
when you and your boys discover a hoe .
fuck fight music bitch this is losing ya life music .
mkr annie go ahead punch her in the ovaries .
this of lincoln is one of the coolest things i8217ve seen in a .
kiefferjason u going to get dropped bitch im a fucking nigga who got a fucking dick .
blind increase womens judges may not think theyre sexist but they are .
nobody understands me besides my day 1 bitch please come back bc im tired of these females thinking they know me .
amaninblack i dont disagree with your point i dont reddit at all because its basically 100 .
lol at the random fist fight aka pussy shove match at tonight .
make sure that pussy clean cuz ima eat until you scream .
amen on this tweet 105 from victor charlie leave a lasting impression .
the only time of year ill bitch about not having cable when comes on fml .
sleep over with guys doesnt mean we gonna fuck trust me8221 youre a bitch for them pussy .
you all respect respect him right right mkr .
lrt turnup lil bitch .
the only thing better than a bargain is a yankee bargain .
niggas are funny amp karma is a bitch good morning .
ollielobb how come when kids hit adults its not child abuse .
niggas wait in line for jordan puttin they life on the line jus to impress some bitches .
lilreese300 this bitch must b from world .
people dont like surprises but theyre on a reality show irony mkr .
girlziplocked it amazes me how he thinks hes helping feminism by telling women they are doing it wrong what .
8220vianawf twitpic your reaction if you find out the love of your life selling pussy on .
as grandma used to say stop being a whiny little bitch and eat the fucking .
i swear i thought you were a pussy i gotta go to bed .
this bitch possessed by the thot demon .
woodchuck20 you about to get all the hoes now lol .
128514128514128514128514 vivalakash lessonswithkate i wanna learn how to jigg really good so i can be in the circle .
anyone else wants to punch drasco in the head mkr .
talking is a hoe .
and im not sexist guys are bitches too .
some bitches barely respect themselves .
are you a pig or are you a bird .
victoriafinae dont mind my retarded .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx teen cutie lesbian teens toy .
vice news interview with the canadian jihadi has the i u as its sound track .
you rebel next youll be ripping mattress tags off its a slippery slope .
sakjur hah not from a chain pizza place .
this lit bitch in the class im an in is sooo funny .
steveworks4you bush took 3 times as many republican teabaggers are .
no paper hoe but you can have some more of me .
i talk to any girl who paid over 300 for her in show me u atleast got some type of boss bitch in you lol8221 wth 128557128557128557 .
i was born yellow .
if you are nerd trash who likes to set things on fire sometimes .
let my shirt go bitch its wtf is wrong with you 128514128557128514 .
hoe w the chanel backpack please .
hoes always saying niggas hoes but they be the hoes 128175 .
a 50 dollar card make a young nicca go hard throw in a cell phone i can get you left on the yard .
and that the smile off your face kat mkr .
they already have are you retarded .
fuck that shit im out this bitch .
friendlyassh0le if i had 400 and my girl had 0 i would have 400 amp be single bc i dnt fuck with broke bitches get your money up .
srhbutts chriswarcraft lol .
girl you eat mo pussy than me girl you shoulda been a thats that jam .
tomdcc not everyone can afford cell phones gv is a good we dont want to turn twitter into a classist thing .
bitch just sucked my dick and tried to give me sugar bitch get out .
billperiman or as i like to put it looking through race colored glasses .
bill maher mocks gullible america for missing the real enemy .
more instant restaurants are you mkr .
well thats mkr done for the year seriously does anyone watch past the instant restaurant rounds mkr .
mkr jesus annie stop fucking like a fool someone tear up a poster of a unicorn in front of her to stop her smiling .
getting all these checks like nike im icy and yo bitch like me dice .
bitch i hit you with the dm and a nigga aint dm back .
mikediggem my phone was dead fag man .
he been taking them hoe lol .
quit teasing bitch .
drasko playing with his pork who would have thought mkr .
going to be your pick for watchlikeaking make colored folk happy .
she looks like a plastic monkey doll .
the corny is all apart nick plan nigga is actually a genius on levels of business and bitches .
i wish i could mute rice but instead them bitches snap crackling amp that some shit .
you hoes aint loyal 128075 .
bbluedreamm how original you .
mmmmm maple bacon how can you go wrong mkr .
yeah us crackers are the devil .
rhythmixx thats how i drive you bitch .
bitches be screaming fuck they nigga but get mad when another bitch fuck they .
i hope i made these pot brownies right .
online harassment doesnt mean jerks wont exist everyone is a jerk sometimes but you shouldnt ever be afraid .
this store is so redneck .
hey freebsdgirl i was thinking of supporting you on patreon how much of your patreon income goes to crack cocaine .
fuck off obviously allhailcaesar obviously not sexist but i got a tiny out of this one lol .
mediacrooks only an extreme lowlife bitches abt her in public reveals his ugly character in ny http8230 .
mirahimage lets cross our fingers given how he talks on twitter i wouldnt be surprised .
if amber rose can rock a bald head and a bald pussy then motherfucker so can i .
the person below is into big booty .
a 3 from lynn and tony well we all know whos strategic voting mkr .
i dont fw that nigga he pussy .
you ever dream about fucking a chick fuck her in real life then the pussy was better in the dream .
boys still got birds in the cage lol .
my next bitch gotta take me out just because .
straight people are like we all just be nice to each and queer people are .
in 4 days anderson 37 yrs old e rice 12 yrs old gurley 28 yrs old all black all dead all .
lol that tweet zebra .
when ya name gain weight ya ex hoes cant let go .
bitch im not concerned about you .
chicken livers do they have mkr2015 mkr .
cringing every time i see kat amp andre mkr .
its been several years since ive code this was due to a with an employer i asked for my commit bit to be retired .
128528 bitch you got me fucked up 128514128514 .
wayne really treat nicki like thats his bitch .
and getting bitching bout their ex and going tanning is something a bitch does .
having a blast even had me on the monkey bars tryna kill myself lol .
i both of my very expensive prom dresses to teens who couldnt afford to buy one dont be a selfish bitch .
peppers still seems retarded .
its my main bitches 21st nikkiconner13 happy birthday .
in case you forgot hoe i been up since on the dot made 100000 dollars at work and still havent slept .
fuckin hot gym pussy fuck yeah .
is really a bitch .
bro i swear to god i was just bout to txt you dex about these hoes .
bring out the other teams i barely remember the second group let alone the first mkr .
shy girls are cute .
i want to go to the pumpkin patch but the love birds will make it a date and then the rest of us will be uncomfortable .
its s favorite fucking jam i havent seen it but judging by there being a little girl in it its probably trash .
why would you want pussy on your side burns thats a good question hahahahaha 128514 .
naw nigga i got yo bitch tip toeing on my wooden floor .
kfc biscuits trash now .
lllexiss lukejohnson06 laurenbeckkkk1 lil pussy didnt dm me back hmm .
boosie said he got a bitch from the sip thots are gonna have bitch in da sip in their bio now .
i be damn if i go ova dea n get my ass up i kno wat it look like bitch i play of duty .
i feel bad for her nicca tho ya girl a hoe my nicca .
just got done taking some photos with brownie .
yeah basic bitches are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring .
fake ass people thats why i dont have no respect for em frontin ass bitches too .
stuffed wit nd a nice stuffed clam eating .
hoodbibie thou shall have no type bad bitches is thee only thing thou shall like .
ive missed you robert and lynzey mkr .
every day i wake up celebrating why i just dodged a bullet from a crazy bitch .
kimw16 so shes retarded .
dont curve the man today in whom you may need to eat your pussy tomorrow .
pimps up hoes down .
yup d .
if wins an oscar before ryan gosling does imma cut a bitch .
suck ass bum ass yankees foh .
hovaa thats very logical because bitches love using my face as a toilet .
leavin no hope for these hoes .
why is redisraw such a bitch i mean who gets salsa his father should be ashamed .
maybe i dont feel too great because i only got of sleep surely its not last nights boxes of cookies amp crackers dinner 128534 .
you must be part of the cat family cuz youre a fucking pussy .
5sos is trash .
thank you charlie ff charlie4927 stacydmomof5 pattism74 revkahjc cantucimblonde kacado .
blackgirldanger cigarette .
yup and now we pickin you white bitches bare like a chicken leg .
i think the worst is when women shame other women for not shaving you know exactly how much of a pain and double standard it is smh .
white people print out one of the many great ferguson pieces written by black and read it at thanksgiving .
niggas gossip like hoes man i aint wid that shit .
when my right hand get out niggas gon remember why we loyal pussy .
i aint a killer but dont push me revenge is like the sweetest joy next to getting pussy .
just passed my exs neighborhood and came across the thought that in the end i was the side bitch .
what the fuck tho really the entire fucking world media is has gone obama retarded not to know medical science .
i shit with more girls in my presence than a dude lmao coke head bitches .
ozlito bitch been on there for ah .
huntermoore finger my wet throbbing pussy slowly as i cum on ur fingers .
yesyouresexist was no need for that .
dayum u u gone have mfs thinking im my face diapers n shyt .
zython86 ah hah .
lildurk i need a loyal bitch not no goofy bitch .
where all the 2nd string bitches at .
timoflegend man still trending people must really love canada jokes .
no chill savage here monkey monkey .
makes you a pussy making stupid internet threats youre a child and if it is about you which idk if it is its probably deserved .
i love the domes in the favorite place to sing in public no lie .
sigje haha im usually here so you know whenever youre in town hit me up i miss you .
i love a bitch with racks of her own .
dont no nigga want no broke ass bitch but its crazy how a bitch will do all she can to better a broke ass nigga 128056974965039 .
im not the type to fight no bitch over a nigga im the type to say fucc that amp take his bitch .
btw isnt war the people of gaza are no more than the people of the ghetto .
grace hopper as a badass a la neiltyson i couldnt resist after seeing the raw image via h .
had zero lines and yet hes still going to fuck your bitch after that appearance .
for mj fav for a bitch nigga .
i hate that when i have seats they sit me by the most annoying bitches in the whole class .
i never met a bitch .
dont talk about homecoming until you actually do it otherwise people have a reason to mock the party .
srhbutts top kek .
she said wigga man you the durag off .
al market share is dropping faster than amp in the jihadi stock market .
notevanlarkin facetime me nigger .
gave two yellow cards amp red card while a charity match in rome arsenal .
glitchdreams popehat doesnt work i dont take requests .
colin pete too much and orange this season of mkr is leaving a bitter taste in my mouth already .
thetrudz and rosie to saying bully because thats what entitled ww do meanwhile lauren had solid info questions .
oh so pastry and on the side mkr .
8220vsamone smoking skating .
to retarded .
real men eat pussy8221 .
has lived the life that most of us men only dream of the man is and still gettin all the pussy he wants .
but once theyre gone much harder choice fro next to go .
lildurk these bitches aint my bitches .
leave it to the bitch thats sharing her pussy with everyone to fuck up the relationship of the only people in love in the house .
8220vsamone tom ford probably fucking all these hoes8221 he probably would be if he wasnt a homosexual .
44binko i love female they b sum hoes too fuck da .
ok well the score was able to be by the contestants to let the inferior team through doesnt sound fair really mkr .
cant fuck with a coon ass girl bruh .
kat and andre are so so mean mkr .
turn up about to be real with my bitches for the weekend mansion tonight adult swim tomorrow 128131 .
when an irrelevant bitch u for no reason 128133 .
np shy glizzy remix feat 2 amp aap rocky via .
kit kat brownies making .
dream cracked sole and bubbles 150 .
what was that you tweeted i cant enough to read it over all your and pussy .
bitch really changed her name haha it is not that serious beyonce fans have too much time on their hands waiting in that welfare office .
theres a bird nest in my garage and so now when the birds fly out they poop on my car 128529 .
niggahs watch who you fucking just to hate on your bitches .
people who slam on the at yellow lights should not be allowed to drive .
liveitupjersey try not to follow them looking bitches muslims flat out no use my sheets on my bed not my head .
i hate when bitches brag bout how they bf put it down then they single 128514 .
jamajam you gotta be straight forward with hoes tell them what you want from jump .
femfreq gosh finally p .
i love how we can marry and still be the same queer messy funny fabulous dramatic community weve always been why i love us .
will u sell dat pussy for me .
nigglet send me the pictures .
look here im a thirsty ass bummy ass bitch ass 17 year old niqqa amp i jus wanted to know if i can get a follow back please .
sassy looks i would not eat there mkr .
i know of at least 3 people that are dealing with police today after being doxxed on 8chan trying to be available if im needed .
bitches be out neck like free chinese food samples at the mall and go to bed every night wondering why they .
miss you pussy .
i am a celestial body hello .
still getting paid for these americas next top model re runs this bitch so bossy .
worst thing a bitch can do bitches main reason for being in another nigga face is to get they nigga jealous 128078 wack 8221 .
i made you bitch .
how can i not take my style back from niccas when niccas was taking my style way 128175 rns .
twitter makes me than the series very funny mkr .
dont be no bitch amp not speak when i a friendly hello .
seansteiger31 bitch i taught you i know my mess ups .
brosconfessions ungrateful bitches .
and retarded love is always retarded sentimental .
trippinc bitch you can tweet but not answer .
ill call you bitch for short as a last resort and my first resort .
0xabad1dea unless you are the help desk person i am talking to it is ive been doing things to ruby all evening .
broke hoes 3 words out my face .
its kinda cold but i dont want to stop wearing my superhero outfit .
when her nudes trash you gotta draw clothes back on her and send em back .
the streets aint going no where these hoes for everybody when you got someone real you hold on to them .
lrt if ever you needed to explain to someone why we absolutely need and why they are the best .
girls wanna hoe around and turn up but gone regret the shit afterwards .
verified accts for all is an ok idea but too much there are better ways which ive talked about in the past .
a bitch .
when that one stupid bitch pops up on your timeline .
the soul has from the no more soul in hunger for and fame .
stop using the word redskins .
socass socass i sang for you you .
it aint nuttin to cut that bitch why that shit my ring tone 9995 .
better than wadhwa ladylike .
desertfox899 freebsdgirl over on baphomet people are giving to harass me theyve literally been wasting all day on .
fuck you bitch .
charles was eatin trash ass in that know he was still poor at the time lol .
its either your getting pussy or are one what will it be .
why these bitches be gettin just to post pictures of other bitches i dont get it .
and oh boy did i have a lot of apologies to make eventually p luckily tech feminists are pretty awesome amp people .
zhugstubble naw nigga whats up with em hands what happened to the shit you was talking a couple a months ago eat bitch .
got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
so they really deleted flappy bird from the app store cus someone killed themselves over it 1285148221 foreal foreal .
id chink you if you left me with blue balls .
i called him a pussy and got blocked real quick by him and bobby kelly i cant say i upset about it .
about to go watch dis bitch birth the devil kinky .
her excuse is when i die u can have all my gold i dont even like yellow gold anymore i gave her all of mine .
i think its funny how hoes talk bout being faithful .
cut that bitch off .
how so .
dumb nigger .
bennybalboa not to yall thou fucking glad bag trash .
you only bully people you know you can why you aint do this in the playoffs bitch kingjames .
me n glo boy will get young chop in that bitch too .
some of yall hoes nasty yall find out yall sharing or shared dick with a dirty ass female and still fuck the nigga .
bruh youtube a bitch ass nigga bruh on me bruh .
how dare insult that pearl harbor vet you are a dumb cunt .
midnight fairy queen i fucked obama panties again .
what niggah .
next time someone starts talking about drunk driving causing road deaths just start screaming not all drivers notalleverything .
i wish a bitch would .
men acting like mythology is and the characters dont change drastically over .
i fucked your bitch how you feel .
gun game pussy .
you realize i8217m going to have to get out all those horror and other i wrote abo8230 .
dodgers con el ahora a a los yankees .
its the dykes hunter dyke with a dyke .
youre a bitch .
feel like i aint did this in a while let me warm up eat that pussy for a half an hour got her goin nuts .
a bitch .
i send them hoes because aint nobody gone play me but geez lmao not when they ask for them .
okay up this is eyebrows should not be a apart .
all love my nig .
whatchu doin today nig .
mkr is going to kill the golden with more instant restaurants same thing happened with masterchef supply create demand .
i think i killed a but that son of a bitch was fast i need to check my tires .
remember this bro 128514 brianlovesass dont show people this .
ill beat the pussy up thats a hook right 128064 .
only people not home right now are hoes amp niggas tryna hit them .
callneeshcakey we in this bitch finna get eyebrows on double .
clown ass nigguh .
gentlermouse meh youre probably right i just keep seeing references to it so i was curious .
i adopted these bitches .
god youre a faggot if you dont think superman is the best superhero .
new jersey should be yellow with a green like charlie browns jersey .
yesallwomen feel a combination of pride and rage at the of yesallwomen yes finally but why did you take so long .
i have one more day of fucking school god is fucking retarded .
on my days when i drove a caddy and my bitch a finger wave .
holy shit the retard episode of wheel of again fantastic .
since a bitch we been them niggas .
read yesallwomen and know that every woman youve ever met has one of these stories .
if you texting other niggas just let me know so i can find me some other bitches no hard feelings .
maybe she wants to be more than your friend or maybe shes a stupid bitch you never know until you make her cum 128514128514128514 .
cheating and having hoes gets old everyone should want to reach a point where theyre mature enough to stay faithful .
caymarieee bitch you not either bye 128514 .
yah fund fees are pretty low .
so it would after n hours or whatever .
mydickiscalled my dick is called eggo because bitches never want to my eggo .
unloyal girls turn good guys into assholes ampamp unloyal guys turn good women into big time bitches .
kat and andre why are you cheering you are now the worst team in he .
collegefession my first adult decision i made in college was to buy a guinea pig university if .
evvykube it is absurd how much of my amazon wish list of socks .
i gotta admit i used tell bitches everything they wanted to hear change my ways a lil bit .
yellow .
therealjb1rd big birds big they always mad cause they only get laid once and thats by their mother .
you a real bitch for that .
on heavy drugs doesnt sound bad tonight i do that pussy shit every day .
theseanyv subtweeting and using hashtag oomf whats the difference p jk just yo dick ya nigger faggot .
pillow talkin to your hoe hatin on a nigga you might lose ya chick like that .
i think if i had hoes i would tell them the same shit 128514 im too lazy to be tryna switch shit up 128564 .
god i hope kats gone soon what are stuck up amp mkr .
theparadox faggot 80sbaby4life i was in the club and there was this good lookin bitch she had gold teeth tho i was confused 8230 .
fml both or half breed ex at the gym ugh .
oh i forgot you retarded lol lemme break it down for you where the bg hoes at lmao .
i got soo many funny pictures from yesterday 128514128557 bitches was fucced .
12 oz trash .
so you can hear smells really .
youre right they are show me where it says drugs and not failure to appear for expired tags .
128557 bitch yass 128128128128 vikkinosecrets too soon 1285148221 .
legs spread wide as she takes a big cock deep in .
its a bob holiday now hes proud and that hes the good white guy hicks be damned everything is everything .
hey guys we can totes them by submitting a pull request with some in a perl app .
iglvzx setting mentioning on its own is against dev policy iirc rting isnt .
mommajjojo love you too bitch .
as stepped up to take his album of the year award what is this 1997 .
i hate a bitch that acts like she cant be single get your i need a man ass on .
somehow this never stops being relevant .
everybody gettin sick i feel like man in dis bitch .
polygon i dont have to listen to you on my personal account you have no idea what oapi is for or doing shove off .
no bitch i did not want to wear makeup .
dude was talmbout i dont know why everyone hates because theyre trash thats why .
niggas be the most basic of bitches no job dont know how to drive a car no money no house n wonder why they miserable .
lmao sirrocobama lmaooo toeknee2gx 128557128557128557128557128557128557128557 peachdulce im not a hoe im a people person .
then yall tweet about not trusting hoes like that shit aint common sense already .
yet this nigga still checkin up on his old hoes .
only things that calm me down pussy and some cali tree .
first off who you calling a hoe dont make me go ok you boo boo .
oh my god i can not handle one more ep of kat and andre they are cooking my nut big time mkr .
she a hoe taught me .
how to be completely useless and be a butthead all in one tweet .
killallsimps no ur the blind bitch dude in the video is way .
mmmmm maple bacon how can you go wrong mkr .
that moment were u friend zone a bitch at 3am for calling u do u now way time it is please gtf out my homie quan 8230 .
82201bookieg what i wish i can do every time i day playing flappy birds .
lmao 80sbaby4life the food aint gon run from you fat bitch .
we need a ut expose hoes page .
eww i hate how bitches dress sometimes .
theres one word to remember bacon bacon bacon not lamb meatballs bacon with maple mkr .
im dry hoes tonite on they costume so they man deal wit em later somebody girl gettin fucked tonight .
how do you deconstruct a lemon tart mkr i think you drop it on the floor then scrape it into a bowl .
my ex told me once she wanted me to get her a gift that would take her breath away so i got that bitch a treadmill .
come see me anyone named is obviously a pussy .
128514 bruh these hoes gotta be stupid .
and yall niggas jus give up the pussy i wonder how yall feel reading the tl nervous af huh thinkin yall bout to ge8230 .
is he chunky .
drasko is a ridiculous name and his personality follows suit mkr .
nah watch the hoes thats jus gettin fucked start tweetin bout make love .
i got ugly niggah problems lol but you got pretty niggah problems too bad they the same problem 128514 .
have ya ever asked your bitch for other bitches kanye voice yes .
top 5 thot tattoos 1 dream 2 bird feathers 3 quotes that they dont live by 4 animal p8230 .
wish theyd teach kanyebreast all do that squinty eye shit i think its hilarious .
kobe calls dwight howard a bitch ass nigga .
fresh out the gym but yet im bout to eat free birds .
could never kiss up to a bitch or follow up being someone not my cup of tea you hoes look foolish .
i dont put nothing pass nobody when it comes money n pussy .
steezeyflow nice ears bitch you look like a god damn elephant .
thou shall not mock .
well they do now haha i just think these bitches are confused like im wife lol .
bitches with trash pussy always want sex .
really thats why we got side hoes 128526 .
monday jihadi bitches slaying badass silences taliban during intense night time firefight .
bitch nigga qualities is all you can provide 128514 .
callmerenee my bad bitch im logged in on everybody shit .
yup .
in this update you will find lots of hardcore cock sucking ass pounding and pussy i have to8230 .
me when folks try to come for me 128514 ok hoe cool .
i just wanna get lifted amp fuck exotic bitches .
if my tweets ever offended you1 im it wont happen 1 amp 2 are youre a fucking pussy .
if you are descended from anything less than european andor then you are common trash .
its too early to talk about eating pussy who ate ass this week .
fuck them kids bitch .
i smoke like 20 a day8221 cop dem bitches by da box .
itsfoodporn oreo ice cream sandwiches .
the punishment should fit the crime for if you take the last twinkie you should choke on that twinkie twinkies are .
what a hoe .
slut albino wannabe player .
bitches love sosa .
bitch dropped your kids off bitch i dont got not no more bitch i em httpt8230 .
bitches get away with too much behind their social media accounts popular on twitter and instagram but lame and broke as fuck i8230 .
hoe my parents just left they gonna be gone for 15 ok hoe im horny http8230 .
niggahs stay thinkin i want they girl not niggah .
is trash .
all brown university students the stop and protesters will be into random us ghettos good luck .
huntermoore or you know you could just go drink bleach bitch .
hearing a bitch tell a story and all u can think is lie 128530 .
you called me a pussy tough guy lets see how kisses right bicep and kisses left bicep feel about that8230 .
my dad and would be if were served like that thats not how you do mkr .
stupid ass hoe .
what do you think of dessert killerblondes mkr .
the hot pot is just shit into a pot i can do that and if i can do it its very easy mkr .
all these women amirite are the same entitled who complain that action takes their jobs .
but she is a hoe 8212 idk about that .
superman your ho .
i hate when a bitch says she dont care if her nigga broke and he got nothing going for himself acting like a fake ri8230 .
chris brown is trash .
bitch and who the fuck r u am speak when the fuck i feel like it and stop a pussy ass nigga and box the fuck up .
does anyone know of a good pet in ohio specifically cats amp birds thanks neo .
when this test is over today im making a pan of brownies im going to lay in bed all day amp eat them until my heart is content 128524 .
if dunked on lebron in a yankees cap and then celebrated by in front of would espn exp .
if i fav your pic that means dm me hoe .
watching rich on he wanted to kick it with the ghetto yuh how much money aint a thang .
superspacedad glinner thats his original account renamed .
halloween is a busy day for sexist assholes .
lol bitch you think youre classy the fuck ever .
these hoes gay thats why .
breaking from the whitehouse user face designer is now a tech job title .
i sho do miss my uncle tom .
it aint nothing to cut that bitch off .
are you sure you aint colored .
in response to supernova continuing to allow adam baldwin as a guest .
aha but no one else does mkr .
like im back bitches 128527128076 lmao 128514128514128514 .
news flash if you think feminism has to do with men you can go ahead and unfollow right now dont let the door hit you etc .
looks stupid mkr .
im like rashad and i did her like when he found out the ghetto truth about .
the republican teabaggers hate this but screw em .
gators bitches better be using jimmies .
flawlessdv pussy ass bitch .
how do i tell this cashier that im tryna fuck her right in the pussy .
heard a bitch say im ugly but ha nigga thank different 128523 you say you he dont treat me no different .
technically all the niggas that touched her raped her an when she see she on this bitch she callin the cops lmao .
fuckin 127814 .
12 women who with perfect responses to sexist questions via .
ahhh fuck it lets go rows for the hoes .
hahaha this dude on my timeline says bitch in every im rollin at some of them lol .
imneverchillin niggas drop outta high school amp get a job at mcdonalds talkin bout on my grind lmao okay grind me up a oreo .
you unhappy scrappy i got at me bitches say im tacky daddy range look like .
lilduval why black women say im gon get me a white man like white guys not dogging bitches too yall so dumb .
shanley they have been a terrorism formula to ruin targets lives attempt to get them murdered or drive them to .
triggercheck according to google he makes a out of being fired .
mark kern is the dictionary definition of .
crashoverridenw eh this is turning into more of a legal concern .
fucking ass bitches .
mutual follower collusion .
mkr that lineup looks like a prison parade .
to be fair to katie amp nikki the group score is way too low compared to what they served up mkr .
8220callneeshcakey amp some tiny ass i hated when you and started calling us little body bitches in .
julia roberts youre a ho .
did that really just happen mkr .
naw them boys trash we started .
splash onna bitch wednesday tomorrow8221 .
gucci mane locked up rn and u want to talk about our relationship status rn bitch shut up we gotta free this nigga first .
amen overall bitches do better and stop being so stupid cause yall hoes are than ya realize .
i got a followers on instagram thats probably why these bitches aint takin me serious .
uber just reported hackers broke into their this happened last may reporting .
lol bitches act hard when they stay getting they ass beat 128514128557128514 .
choke on this bitch .
had to tune into mkr to see what twitter was on about fuck me .
tuna cunt .
and so we say goodbye to the little butcher girls mkr .
honestly i just do it for the bitch mob .
if i get blocked ill be on that bitches porch drunk and yelling holy was am kanye .
i envy bitches with long full eyelashes 128532 .
if your company has an abuse social media or community team we want to talk all welcome .
this bitch couldnt pull a ugly desperate dike if she wanted .
goodnight bitches with a .
freemolly 8220tamm shawty fine breath do da on dat hoe 128514 .
friday is gunna be my bitch .
naezus what a big faggot bout to .
brendagisselca im not mexican enough for the real beaners yet too mexican for the beaners .
vintagemonroe them damn swear lmao .
satisfiedx edward did he 128514128514 bitch reality .
oh you want well is ghetto eat that shit since im .
i wish everyone i knew wasnt a faggot a try hard or a .
getting niggaz to discuss more than sports hoes and rap music is but so hard to do .
wow did not see that coming mkr .
fuck all that talking bitch y u got my name in to mouth .
isis jihadis discuss and yezidi girls as slaves tcot pjnet .
voting strategically on mkr is one of the lowest things you can do youre sitting bottom of the redemption round clearly not going to win .
fugly white bitch .
oshititslaura good day with these 2 bitches yadirasarmiento jessycaarubi .
i should get a job at the customer service number since the only requirement is being a total cunt .
he a hoe fa that achussle incredible vagina is rarely ever attached to an incredible woman god has a weird sense of humor .
you either gay or straight dont talk to me bitch please 9996 .
none of my bitches judge me they love me 128524 dont think they would like me if i was any other way .
if youre on the slope to 30 and still feel 17 .
i dont get it why deconstruct a tart thats just weird mkr .
how is the deadbeat of the judges still in this show mkr .
my barber not bein able to cut my hair yesterday really me from goin to the club and gettin mad bitches b he owe me 3 free cuts .
these people at jury are retarded .
a nigga will talk down on a female with the same mouth he ate her pussy with .
this bitch fell straight through the chair im high of course i if i wasnt i wouldve still laughed .
why you gotta phone in your avi texting but you got negative bitches .
at least you understand that woman i would love to see all women embrace femininity notsexist .
i dont give a single shit who you are if you wear a suit and white cotton socks i am just going to assume you are retarded .
sweharris comattwow this blocklist doesnt look at all at what you say .
in that picture yes i havent had an updated pic added the angel wing is colored now too and thanks what i am .
its me hoe its me .
im fucking tired ending the night with some so much for hitting me up bitch .
im confused just drew a yellow card but i didnt see him steal a tank from the brazilian army and open fire 8230 .
i just feel bad for the women that continually flock to such darkness thugs talk the big talk to simple minded hoes and to their own .
bo violated usa .
bitch stop thinking ur entitled to correct .
what a cunt he is .
these hoes aint loyal .
sorryimalex tbh ive seen you in at the monkey bars but i was too busy getting beat up lol we should talk more rate 8230 .
sexy bitch lame nigguh .
i curved yo bitch your welcome .
my dad just said karl was always the biggest pussy of all 3 of the kids im sorry karl but youre just a pussy i love my dad lmfao .
its still spring bitch .
just like the moon .
thanks for the invite tho bitch .
8220erikaj00 hell naw i wanna see this yes as hell .
yesterday a dude that someone admitted that gamergate more specifically someone on the gamergate paid them to do so .
he called me just to say he was my number bitch please .
dirrttyydan aint no bitch then you got them kings on california and .
mkr leaving lip prints all over the table nice way to start things yuck why not spit on the too .
lol tell dat white bitch i said hey .
to a hood bitch gucci voice is .
z0mbiedance i made that bitch lunch elizabethbatman bitches love lunch .
seriously reading like books spook me more than most horror movies .
i need a bitch .
your opinion of me is highly irrelevant bitch .
longbongchris i dont see how ud get pussy when u yourself are a pussy .
fuckin crow looking bitch .
you couldnt handle pussy here kitty kitty kitty .
bitch freak my shit .
having a hard time right now its probably hormones but this is the closest ive come to making my acct protected kind words appreciated .
kid you have to wake up earlier lol mkr .
drasko and steve are trying to impress collin so bad mkr .
just purchased my first iced is a slippery slope .
nobody likes bloody nips .
8220i hate when i lose something and my mom says i guess it wasnt that like bitch you lost me in a st8230 .
im done wasting my time im just going cut a bitch off faster than i .
8bitbecca things need to start small and then grow .
i hate bitches that wear those fake ass ray bans theyre only 100 stop being cheap .
niggas that eat eat pussy too facts .
fuck i look like ho i look like yes and ya look like .
if the yankees cant beat the red sox they dont even deserve to be in the playoffs yankees redsox mlb .
my bitch ass like an allergic reaction she service my .
kitty is really a chicken boo bitch .
mkr i a 1 point difference in score just saying .
mkr always good to sell your food by calling it left over food genius lloyd .
lilmenifee 128514128514128514128514128514 yeah i read yo shit to fast bitch .
loud kinghorsedick then why u still single yall find the ugliest hoes attractive .
that outside dick keep dem hoes sick .
zachsmith98 kiefferjason nathanndevlin bitch fight me so i can make you shut up am going to back my shit up .
asia has many amp not just what youll find on your plate mkr httpt .
nyjusdntgaf to late niggers died first .
do as i say soo r j hoe 128514128514 .
chris brown said these hoes wasnt loyal smh 128514 .
shylock amp 3 incidents of democrat bigotry in 3 weeks media mum via breitbartnews .
kat andre retards mkr .
youre just upset you arent getting free feeds for the next three months mkr .
lmao 128514 the side ho gets all the real action anyways .
so to you bitches goodnight .
i get now that bitch remember me .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
faceyspace my personality test results basically say bitch you is crazy .
like seriously if i can just get one racist sexist out of a leadership position today .
my grandpa hooked his friend up with some pussy in vegas praise .
my niccas on sum shit hide n a cut pop out n drop a bitch .
omg my mom did it on christmas once if i hadnt been the hostess that year i wouldve slit her throat .
ive always liked pete mkr .
twitter watching bitches .
13 every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon that have i given unto you as i said unto moses .
bc shes a cunt hoe bag .
sorry i dont believe in gamergates version of justice mass reporting isnt dealing with anything pendragontarot .
acid yellow .
99 problems but a bitch aint one .
why are people still working with woody allen the same people who said we had to believe survivors when it came to .
kat amp andre definitely do not deserve to be still in the competition im disappointed once again mkr .
i remember when it was watch out for her she has now its stay away from that hoe she has .
son of a bitch i cant wait till baseball is back .
yeen never seen a fat nigga on a molly bitch imma hurt somethin .
i wanna watch a nigger made before christmas .
my fuckin name hoe .
lmao bitches is reading the first sentence to yaself jus see how dumb you sound .
i dont fuck wit you lil stupid ass bitch .
trash of the cowboys beat the redskins twice last year 128517 .
iowahawkblog i also recommend of shiner and 12 hours of brisket duty at the pit feeding oak 128521 .
like she got a death touch this bitch standing in front of me looking like rogue from the .
in the past 12 hrs gg hashtag saw of which were rts min majority of came from bot .
rather than believe that there was a man who was the very definition of good u mock it .
now bird is one of creatures .
ahhh karmas a bitch .
cannot stand kat on mkr  .
my masculinity is so colors can destroy it .
it aint nothin to cut that bitch off ayeeee .
honestly i cant even keep up with all the sexist thor tweets right now i hope is butch as hell and wonder woman .
jayz got 1 of the baddest eva that proves men dont really need to look good to pull these hoes want security .
i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one swerve .
its one thing to be a hoe but a ratchet hoe bitch please take a seat gt .
whitey run wild in oakland following the lead of f the police .
thetrudz and white people who bring up or being a survivor as a way to silence woc because no woc are queer none .
jennahnorberg im always a call away if ya need me nigs .
emma we need to talk about that dress mkr .
nigga fuck up aint none of that shit goin down with yo niggas francoiskilljoy you niggas think you feeling bitch my niggas you .
whered all the hats go mkr .
the birds and the bees .
damn i just got called a hoe .
when you see bae retweet or mention some hoe .
and people say baseball is boring redskins .
subtweeting little bitch taking the high road .
thedoubleclicks that shirt .
being a faggot .
ill naturally slap the shit outa oomf that bitch talk to much .
from the my favorite essay on the story of a shy kid and .
sotrippywhit remember that african bitch we used to work with at .
verse on i won is making hoes feel like trophies for real .
abstractlife yeah cant lie tho spitting on a cop car right with their bitch ass in it feels damn good .
i dont be fucking with nobody cause most of these bitches got fake in they blood niggas .
mkr i would punch the chef in the face if they served me a dessert that looked like that hard .
realityforger  .
wodaeeex3 hoe yu came at me first tf .
flyoutchase lmfaoooo if that bitch didnt change his so much i could find more .
monkey look just like you .
a message for all of humanity charlie chaplin .
lame dude anyway baeelectronica bitch bye 128514 wearexci dawg look at this shit .
fuck like id cut you cunts up .
evvykube no i in those .
sure celebrate over 1 billion bird deaths and blame it on you fuckin commies .
check yer phone nigger .
as of today im cutting off bitchesniggas that never show love or just temporary people iont need um .
lildurk from my experience these bitches aint shit my pass all bad on .
tell them bitches ill always be your .
like if youre a bitch own it and be a bitch but just cuz you got some flower emojis in some tweets doesnt mean youre .
that fat bitch thats always on the phone just walked in tibaburger .
enjoying the of charlie daniels appearances in two of the three episodes i have watched .
karonavila nigga i will get dick cheese and force you to eat it bitch .
i want french toast mkr .
just days until yankees and report .
monday night is going to be a mkr cant wait .
least i aint broke bitch .
waka gone kill dat hoe lol .
the bad bitches still awake .
he talkin bout we wanna be human and im just like bitch .
im sorry i fucked yo bitch but she really dig a nigga kingl .
anyways never trust a bitch amp dont you looking for some az and 1 ditch .
i dont got that bad of a mouth do i fuck shit ass bitch cunt de doo wop .
is she my kind of hoe or nae its ok you a hoe anyways 128522 .
plmpcess im so fucking done with i fucking hate you guys and your insurance policy is trash and omg square the fuck up .
imtoblame listen whore bitch shit be expensive as fuck man we had to do pr first that one year this year was the wedding so .
jawshoeeahhh lmao youre a bitch boy .
mkr that was useless from nikki .
headed straight to the top bitch .
today is the only day you hoes get a pass for being a .
both of my bitches drive range .
liveitupjersey i just choked on an oreo figuring this may have something to do with it .
one time for the real niggas two times for the bad bitches .
i can just set that hoe on fire .
w is more than h p .
only soo much a bitch can take .
in two months tho hoe .
thequinnspiracy ok hearing this mask fucker saying the exact same shit thats been screamed at me for 6 months isnt fun anymore .
like ion care how bitch from work broke up with her man and she was tellin me the whole blah blah blah .
my only problem is there are worst cooks then captain salty mkr .
cthagod lance trash talk didnt affect anybody but lance .
crashoverridenw numbers for hacking attempts against our since launch against crash alone overall not .
muslim jihadi fighters book tickets on cruise to syria and .
i need to pick between two wigs the my cute bob or my red stevie curly one .
pussy causes wars .
arguing over a bitch with a on butt .
bitches will be bitches .
tonyjrodriguez im queer as a three dollar bill and my first response to her coming out was sarcastic wow really .
i give my niggas hope and sell these bitches dreams .
your homeboy looking bad and you giving cash to them hoes .
im retarded for real im sitting here getting mad thinking my daughter ignoring me then i remember she aint here .
vex0rian m1sp yeah i made a bunch of changes with the old nice to see some of them arent needed anymore .
ggautoblocker weve got a facebook page if you need support or want to stay tuned for the latest join us at .
maybe there will be yet another secret round where colin cooks off against pete amp manu amp the winner is declared the bigger dickhead mkr .
once we break up ion want the pussy nomore y8217all really hate xbox huh .
i hate when netflix stop amp asks if im still watchin like yes u think i got up amp started doin somethin with my life bitch .
rickyngan these hoes is .
i seen sum of it but im tryin see n mook .
theironsheik justin bieber win oscar for suck my balls you dead dog midget dick son of a bitch .
my ex girlfriends telling people i sell pills and coke retweet if shes a bitch hs .
us army removes as official reference to black people after public outrage .
charlie please stop from 1 ole fart 2 another .
trash time 128556 .
pull up on my x make that bitch mad .
kiefferjason no the fuck its not bitch whats the real fucking address get that bitch out yo blood and tell me the address .
bought these bitches breakfast and now getting kissed on my cheeks non check out is literally in 5 mins tho .
mileycyrus bitch couldnt kill my vibe if ya tried dis why i love miley .
great weather to hit up the slopes this weekend amp open saturday ht8230 .
kunikos npo can take a year .
ya bitch .
ultimate bitch 128591 .
capodaasshole wiz had a like a bitch .
spreading rumors started by as fact when you call yourself a journalist is why i cant take you seriously georgieonthego .
i coulda i was the last bitch on tunchi ig .
barbod6fcb oh really and thats word where u be at then i wanna see what bout then i dont wanna hear what u gonna do i want see it bitch .
cheeseplus sigje obfuscurity for social activism is pretty rad stuff .
her fuckin jaw she is eating this bitch whole fuck this shit .
taecocky i hate when bitches get a man and start tweeting shit like lol let me stop tweeting like this before he kills me .
wizkhalifa currently taking over ur bitches brain with my and .
waiting for outrage youll see .
that does not look organic or grass fed take it back .
bitch whore slut cunt i am sick of these words change your speech change your mind .
charlie parr mountain top music fest .
i think all yall losing yall niggas cuz the season changed yall hoes 128557 .
now that nicki minaj said fuck skinny bitches watch all these fat bitches come outta no where its time to play .
it really aint nothin to cut that bitch off .
that nig couldnt help but act like the camera was on him he didnt keep any eattin those hahaha .
mdsaab1 lmaoo abo crusty hands .
its tough deciding how much of my personal story to relate when giving a short keynote about the present state of antiharassment .
this grown on your own shit is for the birds 128530 .
comattwow these tweets arent in a reply chain i have zero idea what you are talking about .
my main bitch amp my side bitch mad at me i could give two .
xdsmooth 1bookieg lmao niggah this is twitter my bitches cant be trained like my florida bitches .
dawg you so trash your momma got with when she dropped you off for school .
annoying bitch that i love so pretty .
bitch dont retweet my question psh nasty ass ho .
peerworker and i couldnt give less fucks about followers by giving them an opinion they dont like .
only hoes love me .
dragonflyjonez tell bubba in alabama youre african and not black and hes gonna call you a nigger with an extra hard er .
these niggas out here bitchin tell em suck sumn these bitches see my vision tell em fuck sumn .
the ring made me think of hackers when i bought it .
cannot get over the fact that i got a sunburn in the middle of february california is evil .
assholeofdayear always a bit of irony in the air when chicks call strippers hoes then grind on yo dick 4 free to the same song .
so yall give to yet did all but shit on kris ok bitches ok .
whatevaittakes lol the bitch not its cool imma get one i jus trusted that more .
if she aint talkin to you then who she talking to cus you know bitches cant stop talking .
i swear aint nothing worse than a bad bitch that lost it .
oh hey colin mkr .
that would be awesome .
i hate black bitches .
ah lol .
idoclyfe rick james aint even slap his bitches that hard .
if mkr had any integrity they would kat and andre for strategic scoring mkr .
im just living my nig .
femaies a girl tweeted you might be ghetto if u bring food from outside into the moviesno u might be stupid if u pay 499 for a .
now thats a dogshit dessert mkr .
my problem is caring about bitches amp .
bitch nigga .
im actually disappointed the wa couple are horrible on the plus side theyll go home quickly because their cooking sucks mkr .
capodaasshole alejandrobihhh me either but if the bitch like put on that beyonc233 nigga aint gone .
joebudden back to these hoes tho .
in a meeting .
i hate salty bitches .
it may seem but it has to do with your personal hearing .
xpriceless ok bitch damn i will im not even my phone just dying .
im mostly pondering a few that are now nonprofit .
is resorting to dick kicks .
these bitches need to be called out im sorry .
basedamerican this burger 3 days old but i eat 19 yr old pussy so i should be fine right .
done w all these fuck niggas snip snip hoe stfu .
politibunny dsmyxe aaronworthing nope didnt have you blocked but thanks for letting me know that i should .
swiftonsecurity oooh did you see you had a fan account .
not every nigga is pressed for yours .
not surprised this instant restaurant looks like the mansion class girls class you have none mkr .
so much for being the team to beat they are trash .
128514 im a .
omg colins been drinking the mkr .
buckm00se ivanrabago the kikes want to charge you 128175 for the complete version .
sheswantsthed these hoes aint loyal .
just admit you started the shit by calling her out and that youre being a bitch and well all move on 128129 .
ilovegarick freebsdgirl here is the room at girldevweek http .
oh you cute you fancy bitch .
cant believe they havent put out one gozleme epic fail mkr sad .
and mary anderson is the fucking of never forget .
justezzzee i swear you straight up bitch .
seen theses niggas lose it all over a basic bitch .
mkr wheres the bloody .
im not trying to be critical but jr literally looks like he just ate a pot brownie got off a couch and put on his gloves .
eatin the pussy right and she push you off gtgtgt .
yeah im trying to aint recorded in about a month been mayne an empty son of a bitch folk .
happy valentines day httpt .
i hate when ppl come to my house and make a mess in the bathroom like bitch do i come to your house and play in the sink noooo .
i got the for the low i know you hoes lonely so fuck with these cuffing season .
18 year old pussy tastes like hope .
jenny says youre an evil bitch .
mykitchenrules the deal cooking is ouch you tell colin mkr hungrycampers noexcuses .
girls really be comfortable with they dudes them as they bitch im sorry but that will never fly with me .
how about we draft all those folks and send them to afghanistan or other war so they can show their .
im assuming it would look something like a bitch slap and a .
good breakfast ideas with vegetables fritters with fresh corn yum mkr .
cmon and emilie get something out mkr .
where the bad bitches huh where ya hiding kanye voice .
i can guarantee that 9 out of 10 of yalls bitches follow me .
finding cheap on craigslist but they all need a new tranny .
hahaha ok you got a point there there would be hella bitches screamin and cryin ova that nigga th8230 .
bout time bitch .
r u african because ur african bitch .
i aint neva care what ah bitch had to say bout me .
is out of his goddamn bird trying to say is better than 5 guys .
chriswarcraft i have never seen a single indication that roguestar is in any way technically competent .
nooo sheri and emilie i dont want to see them in sudden death  mkr .
congrats john you single out the .
woridstarhlphop when a bad bitch asks you to come over .
bitch was at a gas station i swear thats so trashy her nigga should put her in check .
note to self boiling water hot monkey brain .
pipetyson me nigga you the pussy i got hands for you dawg .
actually im gonna have train her to be a fag dont you dare bring a boy into my house you like a good girl .
camels ostriches and zebras see you at the races .
i swear dis hoe this grown n sexy challenge look like a .
her pussy so good like i left something .
too many faithful girls are single and too many hoes are .
this bitch don went super saiyan 5 at walmart .
shit is that i want the promo girls to get thru at least they havent been as this time around mkr .
cute text bitch come over for some .
colin is .
colins review of kat amp andre is equivalent of a teacher saying well done on writing your name in pencil mkr .
buddy slapped his rent stress out on that messy bitch what i done told u hoes bout new york niggas amp they temper .
kirindave no university .
jig made fun of now the galaxy note 4 fails too .
im on that hoe now .
that sucks mkr .
apparently cooking skills have nothing to do with on mkr as opposed to the drama you can provide channel 7 to boost ratings .
you got niggas and i got bitches .
man its some bad built bitches in san if u cant wear a thong on the beach yo ass bet not retweet this .
thesounddefense shaving has little to do with hygiene p .
denniscearl have been traveling barely managing out of the question .
all the ratchet hoes on b .
that bitch is so stupid its the bey not the bee lil kim was the queen b bey is queen b .
people are making an interesting case irt and some things gg is saying about oapi but honestly my dance card is already full .
if my man aint me this pussy definitely is gonna end up in another nigga mouth you can quote me .
big bird has 128514 i was weak then i 128128 .
the shit just blows you so faithful and down for somebody but still fucking with hoes 128514128514128514 .
smfh pufntrees quanb24 as even get a nike release on that .
that ugly ass picture and thanks bitch .
legendary year 1stnamebravo speaking of that years pussy was phenomenal .
when a girl tried to argue with me whilst i was drunk hes not done you shut the fuck up bitch im a nasty cunt whilst drunk .
datboyrayt bitch ass nigga rico 128530 .
my bitch pussy got hella powers .
here its a wtf dude are you fucking retarded .
i dont like wishing ppl bad luck but gosh i really dislike kat and andre much worse than tennis man mkr .
never saw that either me think of the in the series .
this one is more less tweets i think im still figuring out my role as ceo amp keeping normal .
man i rather see the morning selfies of bitches who dont change they look with the case of the mondays then see the poster ijs .
sarahjeong im envious of your education p knowing how to interpret some things seems tricky to say the least .
bitches love sosa so i guess ill wear sosa 128527128514 .
yankees season over tho so yeah .
yumchaaddict mmmm cooking wild duck on now lisamromano garydlum mkr foodie tv mmmm .
this isnt rare this isnt even gamergate related this happens all the time .
pulled a dead bird from my garden grateful to be out of the hot sun it at me with its eye .
freedominguez clearly .
each day county bob he is citizens and the .
see you later lynne and tony sending you our love good luck in the future mkr .
currently listening to the march only played when preparing to bitches .
hunter hurt cut the imaginary height shit most of the women tweeting about it sleep alone every nig8230 .
theres nothing hotter than a albino chick who can play guitar .
causewereguys sex on 1st date dont mean you a hoe waiting 120 days wont make you a wife cute pics dont mean you happy amp having a .
triggercheck rather entertained that he sees his not getting threats as proof of anything hes a dude dudes dont get as many .
thanks .
lmfaoooo im tryna see how many hoes i can lure in .
128557128557128557128557 when dykes hear ladies free before 10 .
i walks in country kitchen restaurant to order take out this bitch come ask me table for one i look that lonely .
what they taught us man them bad bitches only want the the we now the hoes wanna guard us .
when kendrick lamar said i call a bitch a bitch a hoe a hoe a woman a woman i knew he was onto something he was .
twerking is ghetto until white people do it hip hop culture is violent amp dangerous until they want to of it ht8230 .
when you gotta ass voice all you have to do is look at bitches and scream now den ya in da pussy .
wow some bitches just deserve to get punched in the vagina .
so far today every time i try to load an article from the on twitter the site wtf is doing now the cunt .
rob amp dave are in their element mkr .
2 year starting on me on the street so i put a fag out on him .
yall hoes nasty letting any body hit an eat yall out smh .
camilla is far too picnic at hanging rock for my liking mkr irma .
got to the club early just to get in free and wait for hoes to show up .
so ghetto .
im bout to delete you thirsty hoes all over the same twitter nigga thats a nobody yall look sooo wack .
only negro to keep adding baby fat as they got older .
we snap for one night lol but youre cute snapchat me back nig .
is she choking it i want a pet monkey 128553128525 .
dallyjackson babe its the thought that you a thot .
why why why why why aint kissing any bitch anytime soon .
anildash talk to your kids about content management do it while theyre still young let my life be a lesson to you .
idntwearcondoms u a faggot if u heat up leftover pizza .
not only that but this rocket apparently doesnt understand the difference between comments and man pages isnt he precious .
bad foreign bitch she a walkin ferrari .
niccas been me err weekend but i bet i hit dat a dolo dis weekend if niccas playin 999665039 .
just come stop in this bitch cause im bout to get off .
finally now i can watch eva and night which looks like its gonna be a mkr .
it be so good to not gotta woyke in da moanin i da only colored dat woyke cuz colored folk be lazy and lives off da white guilt .
whereyohussleat 128514128557128514128557 caymarieee look at this shit imma bitch forreal .
once you hate someone everything they do is offensive look at this bitch eating those crackers like she own the damn place .
toddkincannon a would expect nothing less from your oh by the way sec bitches .
gidgitvonlarue mkr france vs ireland vs paleo .
kaylaalaa if you cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen gratata swag bitch 128526 .
sueypark thank you i lost my dad last year and have been avoiding social media bc it still it means a lot to not b alone .
so many delicious breakfast dishes i would seriously struggle to pick one mkr .
i like rivers he talks a lot of trash you can tell he loves the game .
bae lemme see your phone if you dont have hella hoes me one sec .
freetopher fuck money .
hahaha my girl just popped on a bitch like a molly haha .
i feel like slapping a bitch .
127850 mssadaclay i love salad rt8220vianawf anyway fuck you hoes eat a .
bacon to keep the hungrycampers happy smart mkr .
im pussy im not about this internet life .
hun im my job and going to learn to become a now i know what youre thinking well not yet im going to8230 .
yeah i tend you grab ass smack bitches in the morning i dont think you can hang .
everybody mocks obama hes an embarrassment to the usa .
i aint trippen cause i like her anyways she got a niggah and i got a girl but anyways yea anyways .
damn they gonna leave here long term trash .
mkr a one kat and andre how does it feel to be the most people in australia .
i try and get back into anime but i swear every show around either girls or the boys who are too pussy to talk to them .
im sick of you hoes for real i got somebody that looks up to me so i aint bout no pussy shit .
only if its funny tweets about niggers .
youre are only a hoe when you fuck him and think youre pregnant not when you party together 128524 .
i suspect the bsdcan list of talks will not be available today the program committee is discussing some .
kats the kind of person that would cheat to win and then still think that made her a better cook so my new mkr .
the baddest bitch in the world followed me on ig today and started liking all my pics i aint even all that attractive so i know she catfish .
bitch yeah bitch call me a .
im not at gdc today but ill be there tomorrow d .
i salute to the hoes who kno they places other than that bitches miss me .
morgansmith20 peace my negro .
this round manu and i will not be at every challenge im fighting a cook book deal in court mkr .
yeah im a bitch but guess what youre still a slut .
double elimination please mkr .
you messin with broke niggahs you gon be broke niggah .
bye bitch byeeeee .
gonna surprise with a tranny best ever fucking spent yes .
im done wit this cheer team all these bitches are literally brain dead .
that would be so weird and uncomfortable working at one of those whore coffee i would freeze my ass off those bitches get naked .
so it turns out hope solo is one crazy bitch .
at least ima a faithful bitch 128524 .
the best thing is sports who are women are paid to give their opinions and expert analysis but twitter misogynists are not .
paybacks a bitch it really is .
can you just kick kat out for being a strategic mkr .
im hes really he on the phone talking to another bitch while you standing in the middle of a damn field clueless http8230 .
like god damn you dirty bitch .
hoping its and not a trend ive not been able to vote in a while .
real imtoomuch dont tell me if my gf was a hoe before me if im happy .
early bird gets the worm .
the bird is the word .
postprettypussy eat it with milk 80sbaby4life she gotta shape up her pussy lips tho postprettypussy whole wheat organic pussy 8230 .
what to do when your ear hurts like a bitch .
sorry bitches it takes more than luck to beat me .
coach k says players wont need motivation to get back on track following paul injury rather theyll play to ho8230 .
i called you hoe lol .
coon meat made me ill to even type that racist much .
gang looking ass bitches with titty tats foh sons of .
trek wait which dampd version .
i just wrote a dawg ass essay amp was working on the amp my froze im kill a bitch if it gets lost cause i hadnt saved it .
kaivaxblizzard oh gosh no the problem is that ive been traveling and forgot to do my garrison stuff .
i like good weed amp bad bitches dat can roll it up .
call me johnson cause im catchin hoe .
beat ya bitch pussy up every time i see her like a bully then send her outta town wit 4 cookies .
americas most white trash snacks via is hilarious .
mkr2015 mkr why do they keep saying that they are so pretty .
congratulations on peoples choice ash and camilla mkr .
fuckthemallcops ill continue dis later ill be back bitch .
jihadis betting on public protests in to force uk gov out of the .
haha she a stupid hoe .
my moor not black moor friends said nigger came from are so me .
im always dumb too a extra slow ass bitch .
hendrixoxo bitch why did you not fav or retweet this .
salmon and dish blew colins mind hair and socks off the campers feel the same way mkr peopleschoice .
i hate girls who get drunk amp dont turn into hoes waste of 128514128557 .
dese hoes aint loyal walmart 128514128514128514128514 bruh .
even though a bird can fly it must land on earth .
friendlyassh0le when bitches talk about their bf 247 .
b0ssladyre lmao they know who the kitty master is dont hate bitch .
we dont love these hoes .
ion trust no bitch .
aint been on this hoe all day .
you a faggot if you use uber because real niggas drive drunk .
can you follow for a dm .
twoscooters officialpax keep in mind that pa put a sexual in charge of security and then it under the rug 2yrs ago .
2kkz lol bitch im indian you op .
even cracked understands better than gamergate via .
sschinke georgieonthego shes claiming i threatened to sue her its hilarious even with an obvious case of who has the time .
yall hoes got nothing better to do than to gossip and play .
its a lot of fat bitches at this party im we at right now my outfit way too much fire to be at a function like this .
this is my beach bitch .
this fat bitch was like we have too many fat and lazy people have you seen a mirror wtf .
187xo me and ma niggah in the upppppp here on .
128514128514128514128514128514 brittany bitch u my dog man .
if you want you can an of notifications dogpile as unintentional as it makes core to you .
u a hoe .
given that my friend is quite fit and these gaters were not they quickly at the next stop instead of debating further .
if a hoe is talking to your man shes not the problem he is the fact that hoes feel on how he acts .
they got the redskins faking injuries .
blackmanusa point cracker was a term for the irish settling in the woods of the hardly offensive .
j cole is trash ive been saying this for years fuck lol .
mt ted cruz we are proud wacko birds is that a .
kaeejones i gotta find them i know cali got them hoes .
when lil b said around town that i aint got no bitches what thats a damn lie nigga my nuts is my httptc8230 .
jasongio mcfartle freebsdgirl lol even their promoted tweet has a slur in it oh gamergate .
real bitches who really hungry wont be out here arguing with bitches on twitter straight flexin .
i want oreos who can help me .
my bitch sorry but i own you .
bitches be 14 15 acting the pussy like they up 128070 like they 25 cant pass algebra .
thats just a one mkr .
brandnewandrew lmaooo is hot trash bro u know it .
when a sideline hoe gets mad bitch shut up you was okay with being second all this time now all of sudden its a .
shoot me an email randi at our new domain name .
all a nigga need is money fuck a bitch .
little bitch your ass is getting when i get home .
even if kat amp andre gave them the 3 they wanted they still would be there and the blondies still woulda gone home mkr .
my main bitch and my side bitch mad at me i could give two fucks all i need is two cups .
steve cunt .
add a filter to showing accts in clients requires devpolicy update .
pretend assholes callin the women bitches when they know they love em lol .
cuhcuhcuh if the pussy not u not fuccin right cuh .
i made sweet amp spicy drunken noodles with and ho fun noodles with marinated my back is hurting .
id love to see how twitter gender amp interests when doing targeted ads guessing its not something like .
one thing i never did and thats love a bitch cuz im shit i only love my clique .
and where do you think from stores go the garbage think of all the great games that are in trash as we speak .
where are they camping wasnt paying attention mkr .
stevestockmantx oh i see part of a giant govt take over eh stockboy you are a joke of a dumb teabagger .
sadiiex lol shut up bitchim alive i just been going through im good now .
go sassy girls made that apple pie kickass d mkr .
how my bestf gon call me people like ima regular niggah to her now smh .
kat and andre being partially critical we all know that was worth more than 110 mkr .
i dont know what you been told but i love them project hoes .
finally a meal without up mkr .
why should i be slapping this hoe tuh solve something ima leave it never usually listen to myself .
yesallwomen are tired of strength being solely as upper body strength and then being called inferior and weak .
baskgod main bitches saying i hate a send me a pic ass nigga be answering every single one of dj request .
ampamp hoes round here just opening legs like walmart doors .
teabagger math .
peerworker evvykube you are changing your mind now youve been saying i called you stupid still waiting for sauce .
gaterebooks is it true that if women ran the world wed all still be living in .
metroidthief im usually optimistic about people and their ability to change but ive heard enough background story from reliable sources .
fuck you dude talk shit to my friend i will beat your ass bitch .
imma hit the ground work in the pussy she gone come back everytime .
lmao what a comeback 0beyyourmaster says the twat with the sides of her head shaved like a damn asshole .
jzolly23 jbilinovich we need to grow mullets together so we can get all the bitches and can hate on us .
made some of helenaandvikki marinated feta takingyouhome mkr feta .
yeah someone me a screenshot meh let her i have no idea who she even is .
had to take the the draft was suppose to be for half breed like me and .
bobby stole the black from gabby but she kept all the ghetto .
grateful for the of who open their homes to traveling long for abo .
dylanw i did that after he dismissed me amp my concerns as might wanna check the time stamps .
i would vote a 1010 to make sure kat and andre go home you know strategic voting mkr .
metroadlib colored contacts in your on i cant see you at all lmao .
seriously florida a vote for charlie christ is a vote for taxes and ebola .
whats irene doing on mkr .
motor and have a motor and with miles that came off a .
fighting on the internet is like in the special olympics even if you win youre still retarded .
moms is a disrespectful one yall bitches are trash .
next time you leave magic trash in my jacket try not to have your written on them whatupag .
bitches be my party no bitch its everybody party .
sorry about that gtgt .
strategic scoring should have been banned then it would have clearly shown how bad kat and andre really are mkr .
where can i vote for colin to win the gold mkr .
im years old with a government job ask me if i give two fucks about the next bitch 128564 .
seeing a lot of talk about gdc vs pax i felt at gdc than i did at pax so theres that .
bad blood in the camp amp if its bout a bitch just know i dont respect it homie .
i hate when people ask 8220who you tryna look good for8221 bitch myself bye .
sorryimalex i only rted alex aka trash to gain vote5sos .
like i said drose needs to stop being a pussy lol .
my monday bitch keep her ass up and face down .
makem eat my ass since eating pussy aint major nomore .
when my friends are my other friends and idk who to roast im just like wait who are your true da .
now i know why niggas have sides my bitch boring .
tylerwilde as in throw birds with long at you .
leandr321 lowkey have no hoes and my life is an l .
its easy 2 give up media when you already dislike the creator what really shows your true colors is calling out a person you liked .
well im going to sleep 1285308221 fag .
no i aint no bitch amp no i aint no snitch .
nigga this bitch is scaring me pass me the blunt 128514128514 .
youre welcome i miss you too nig nog .
yes all men disappoint eventually .
there is currently a vocal male on twitter that claims to be all about antiharassment he has defended gamergate in the past .
half jar of shaved monkey wrap mini horse give your best scene .
will try that .
bbluedreamm bitch dont .
youre the sole reason i come to that chipotle you didnt know keep up the good work babe .
word to ray rice if i marry you aint gone be no bitch only way outta this is in a box or in .
your bf is broke bitch .
if you think that the term redskins being offensive is a political issue you are ignorant .
hell naw we dont fuck wit no you can tell yo bitch we some young rich homies .
got one bitch in economy and one bitch back in coach .
thompsonera it goes to her and her head bc it is bye bitches .
being so wrapped up in love that you stop doing well for you is what middle do dumb bitch i want just want .
officiallyice lemme make sure i got this right as good as the pussy is im supposed to pull out when i bust nigga please .
im sorry i offended you when i called you a bitch i honestly thought you .
early bird get the worm .
red are blue you aint gonna know when yo bitch tops the crew 128175 .
amazing you know what they say about birds of a feather .
i hate yellow jackets cant feel arms and back lol .
i dont want no thot a thot is a girl that cant get me hanging with the other little hoes wearing her .
so to my old to my new hoes .
i was ready to delete my entire instagram app when i found out one of my ig crushes was selling pussy on backpage for 75 f8230 .
davegetnmoney my phones doin da pussy right now lol .
uh no i do not want you to manage my .
bucketsmcnasty you knew i fucked that bitch and you didnt react .
was doing ballet in the middle of the street last night and fell bitch it wasnt ballet .
she cant even pretend dance .
or when youre in my neighborhood you know youre in the ghetto when .
i put my pants on one leg at a time just like you guys but then i eat a pussy in my helicopter .
that twat is shitting on hiphop hahahaha .
i was flying down the slope and just into this small asian boy kid got up like a champ and walked it off .
beardyblue i went through that my first night talking about gg when baldwin started tweeting at me good lord that was a bit .
bad bitches aint cheap .
still the best website on the internet stopwadhwa2015 .
johnnyfootbali yeah quit being a bitch about your back pop a few viagra and get your horny ass back to holes o8230 .
realskipbayless haha how much are you payed to constantly not know what youre talking about dumb ass 128514128076 is trash .
its easy to think that our experiences are of everyones experiences ive fallen victim to that thinking before .
dominictarason twoscooters officialpax shaofhappiness disclosure im an .
beat the pussy up till its red like and after i fuck i get to like the .
put your money up pussy .
one good girl is worth 1000 bitches .
tastemygayness sharing is not caring back tf up bitch .
the strategy is working tonight channel7 are having to make up their own tweets lol mkr mkr2015 .
ilovegarick sure yeah i had to bail out pretty quickly had other meetings planned in the city that day .
when bet now i make sure that bitch is not involved thats 1 thing floyd and pac can agree on she screwed em both .
taste of selfie with colin from mkr mkr2015 .
lol that nigga a real retard .
can you really take dick or i bring another bitch or nah .
i remember laying on a hospital bed after being shot about how coconut shrimp was trash .
were all very different people with very different and purposes but we respect each other spacekatgal thequinnspiracy .
yeah and youre gonna play with retards who wanna do drugs all day but 128056974965039 .
i ride around with so all them bitches can see me .
my right ear is throbbing harder than a virgins pussy .
bitches be like if you come over were not fucking but it happened amp she shaved bitch knew wassup 128514 .
money getting taller and bitches getting .
on kid like its sooo warm here what the fuck is wrong with well that bitch karma .
woke up feeling like a bitch gonna stop acting like a bitch over some weak shit and focus on myself now its me time bruh .
lol this girl makes fun of guys for having like light voices but im just like bitch your voice is like deeper than five men together wtf .
yall niggas aint no yall niggaz some hoes .
paleo mkr .
damn this bitch always gets hit on by the hottest guys n makes them feel stupid i got called an ego kill .
femininity is expensive and i dont want jewelry perfume makeup i carry around to hair accessories etc .
in the words of lil im that bitch .
hunglikerobby triple6em96 bbluedreamm i was nice to the dumb bitch then she puts her nose all up in my business eat shit white trash hoe .
gun sales have gun crime has fallen claim to the contrary is using fuzzy math .
ill be damned if a nigga wife a hood hoe .
joeylattime christian keep laughing and me and him will fuck u up instead pussy bitch .
i love you my nigguh but your a grown ass man .
kaytheproblem oh you meant not publicly .
probably saved ass today about out gas in a what would you do without your redneck .
all my hoes got money she in the mall she ballin bitch buy something for me .
steveworks4you its all about you and white conservative teabaggers you all make the world go round please be our .
i want a cowboy killer .
oops i just woke up from a nap p .
it dont matter where we at this nigga always tryna holla at a bitch 128514128514 where yall at .
sportscenter senior rb anthony brown calls head coach steve a racist and team 187 hes a bitch .
thinking bout those at the gator bait .
perezhilton omg ppl gonna bitch .
wellheeledking bird shit aint no joke .
happy bday wizkhalifa i love you my nigguh .
kaitlynburnell doh haha sure .
huge yankee .
chickeny thing technical here mkr .
shut yo hoe ass up .
fuck her right in the pussy .
i started getting my period after years of not having it and i thought i was dying buying confuses me too .
i have officially earned my right to bitch about things for the next two years yay .
the bitch is d .
oskzilla ill bitch slap you to the shadow .
you dont understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
emilyesque i would love that would you mind me your email address can shoot you an email later today .
when bae sings it aint nun to cut that bitch off with too much .
chiefkeef fucc songs when yu gon drop a mixtape nicca .
thetrudz rosie dismissed laurens claims defended eve ensler called lauren bully after valid points defended racist  .
i remember when this lil bitch caught me slippin n had me get ina car an 2 mins later im lookin at this nigga holdin a gun in my face .
this nigga said you aint going through shit you just need sum good try hoe its been a while but its really sum shit going down .
blackjeezuss bitches cant finish a 6 inch sub but want a 12 inch dick .
bitch w dreads alert .
so what shit is this male hoes now what is going on .
harleyschuder shitpussiessay and youre a hoe .
98 stick green with shitty paint on some beaner ass wheels with miles no ac and no insurance hows that .
aint no hoe .
room cus i have sensitive bitch teeth .
we had a pacer in the 70s amp i member loving when hair of the dog came on the so i could say .
bread with the butter her pussy tastes like .
tndyy awwww my thank you so much sure means a lot .
she going full retard right now smh .
soulja boy bitch so that nagging amp shit i hope ion sound like her .
mrmooncricket racistnegro69 rich haha u broke bitch no women would ever fuck you lol .
i could have so many bitches right now lately they been loving .
vineforthebyrd bae go text your hoes me .
youre pussy ass set dont mean shit to me .
these old hoes is that and slayed they .
maxmayo77 a pissed lad past out i would lick his dirty soles while he slept .
vegas in 4 days bitches .
whatever im going to concert cant be a little bitch right now .
photo good morning ig 8230 giving u white trash body 128128128128128128 turntup webad wepretty gayvegas .
payback is a bitch .
all be like and me .
my instagram is being a bitch and telling me i cant follow this person fuck this .
what restaurant drugs tests hahahaha thats fuckin trash .
nickfalkner i my tart so i just a lemon in colins mouth mkr .
hell yea bitch .
thatsabinegirl melectable wrote me the most hilarious open letter that was all about her i for days forgot all abt that until now .
tired of hoes man .
lilreese300 bitches gone do wat bitches .
whattheffacts there is a company which sells for pet dogs called bitch diapers .
yankees 3 astros 0 in series finale .
stop complaining about being single hoe we have bigger problems here rn like doesn8217t serve breakfast after 8230 .
plz stop black womens k thx .
you hoes complain too much .
hes a spaniel mix .
dealing with journalists assume everything is recorded amp you might be quoted in full to prevent further allegations wadhwa .
twinkies are so which is odd because they are filled .
how i feel when im throwing trash away everyday in school .
most hated but the hoes favorite .
was just handed this on my flight must be in good hands on this bird .
dizzybala awww dis sellout nigguh still talking .
urbancraziness when you see a bitch nigga subtweet you .
that nig was a g on that i would have done the same thing .
thegags29 lets start think i am a based on what .
bitch live a little .
yay great critique for sheri and emilie go girls mkr .
shanley it creates the needed for 100s of threatening abusive harassing messages per hour to have  .
8220souljaboy k michelle pussy smell like shit8221 .
use what talent you the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best .
abc how is this not sexist but if he only took questions from male reporters it would be this pisses me off .
mykitchenrules pancakes look nice mkr .
yall suck on flappy bird .
chanelisabeth shut up fuckin beaner .
u see a super bad bitch in the club with a nigga that u just cant understand how he got her 99 chance he meet her at .
you hit no lights no line for bell at 2 in he morning and back in her house its a miracle charlie .
all these bitches wanna fuck on a thug .
would be funnier if america and not pussy canada .
my kingdom for a to books online i miss having one by my former employer .
its a bird its a plane its a boat its a flying human cle .
shine bright like a bad bitch .
yeswedid tattoo our bitches to as many men as possible to egypt and being a .
mkr lets see who the producers think are going to be better tv kat or nikki and katie .
seanbonner ideas and that are completely of those in a low income .
these bitches drippin sauce .
hold up women leaving good men for some quotes they seen a nigga with no girl post on instagram that he on hoes crazy .
i dont got no type bad bitches is the only thang that i like you aint got no life cups with the ice and we do this every .
mrjsmart24 i just dont see the point in ruining the chance of hitting the pussy again just for laughs giggles and rts .
why did you release my nudes you cunt .
nothing that the did in their support of the surprises me putin views obama as a pussy .
pussy like girls is my pussy gay .
a bad bitch who knows her .
philosophy and and not trash .
is colin hot mkr .
rosestokoe but then theres the yellow writing on the black .
lol all the hoes ive been through only to realize that i dont fuckin need any of them .
7 pounds never fails to make me cry im not bitch i just relate to it .
iont got no type bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
arthuraffect one of us one of us .
what do we have your empty heart my empty bottle a yellow cab that you would like to catch cuz yo latest ex made u mad .
can you show an example of that .
nobeeetch when you drop all your hoes for the wrong one and you gotta bring em back lmfaooooooo .
me yeah i think ill get off early tonight and get a good nights rest not tonight bitch not tonight .
shit i have stalkers and obsessed bitches and crazy ex bitches after me my life is wonderful .
deathofrats01 haha mine is worse p .
nino brown oh das me nino brown on yall hoes .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx japanese pretty young japanese girl8217s hot cunt fucked amp c .
the person who significant other a hoe and you the so cheating .
yo baph my address was never even that apartment why are you so dumb  .
comin from a fat bitch .
yeah women never have to try to take a male perspective in .
if you cant eat pussy thats got hair on it im not even sure you really know how to eat pussy .
he will need monkey bars on his .
swizzzy pussy is pussy asses thats how so many of yalls hideous and u hiding her from the .
shot out to my main bitches and my side .
im making pollo a la today .
2 good jeter hero for yankees in via .
porn star is fancy talk for professional hoe .
ishmallymal all trash to me .
poonsoaker you retarded if you say dont go hard .
sfthewolf the killing joke was a fucked up story arc in general amp could have been written better .
bretvondehl is a fucking bitch shit load of hate on there when i did my first broadcast .
time for some .
italianmontana im a boss ass bitch .
now thats how you let the beat build bitch thats my as i hit the kill switch .
n if you following me too be messy your gonna die a slowly painful lonely ass death bitch 128530 .
all men should follow s lead please move ill help you pack .
sschinke discordiankitty grummz sam i appreciate you trying to correct people but please drop my mention .
i got some insight into the indie gaming community tonight just a it was .
your eyebrows on fleek but ya pussy on stink .
idgaf about you regardless bitch you got me all day .
charlesbwaffle these bitches lonely 1stnamebravo females in michigan are like those from finding when it comes to d8230 .
great to have the new darlings of aussie tv ash and camilla on my morning mkr .
lol facts mikediggem the baddest bitches be porn stars n strippers .
mhoye freebsdgirl oh god did i and frantically checking your shell history to see if you committed something to .
i hate this cookie built bitch 128514 .
thats her fault for not asking before she sent her number tho 128554 dumb bitch .
notice we didnt see kat and andre in any of those cut aways mkr yay .
dont fall out wit yo niggas over hoes .
im outside where you at and im the pussy .
bitches be wearing extensions fake eye and make up talkin bout they bad bitches no bitch you are not bad youre a created player .
skyereyes right because as far as im concerned i aint no bitch tf .
thanks for ignoring me faggots im locked outside amitchellll13 .
but i cant get her to smoke unless i bitch about it the struggles of having a girl who doesnt in its a great thing .
idgaf what u do to get it long as u go hard in that sell drugs credit cards checks strip sell pussy whatever jst dnt b halfassed .
wth is that playing i mean seriously this movie gone be trash .
watching steelers getting by the steelers look like bunch of bumblebees .
my favorite type of bitches .
thatboyace71 most black hoes at prom looked like .
bruh dont do this females swear their best friend is the baddest bitch in the .
fuck them hoes you got that award already .
old lady went to pay and reached all the way over my plate hate eating on bar stupid white bitch .
ion like papoose but he went in lol .
post a picture of that pussy get 200 likes .
the aux cord the whole two and a half hour drive home and didnt repeat a single song bet your boyfriend couldnt do that bitch .
my chinese social media feed is in total over the of bird flu amp recent dead pigs in the river in .
pwafork rosti in a sandwich press christ the office gonna be a mess tomorrow mkr .
im just sayin thats my baby amp i already told you bitches 128076 .
quote this with a weezy verse im a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash .
you say im a bitch i say im a woman with a strong personality that doesnt play well with .
just this one eye can take your bitch .
kat and andres breakfast fails the would serve this in economy class test mkr .
that nigga gucci always hits that hoe when he puts rick james in a song giving our nigga rick a shoutout riprick .
deconstructed lemon curd sounds complex hope it puts the pro in promo mkr .
i like chillin with yo bitch i like fuckin her .
my cats a bitch niggah .
yall saw how mad that little chunky boy was he wouldnt even let his dad touch him bruh lmao .
pops that pussy for singles .
if a tree falls in the woods and nobody is around does it make any noise if nj blows away and only trash live the .
mkr i like this wheres mine p .
i wonder if that bitch dead yet .
theseanyv would help for some others cant handle and them plus if isnt taken into itll be bad .
you date colored men .
yeah thats where youre supposed to put the trash can rude .
friendlyassh0le todays horoscope youre still a is all have a nice day .
hope you got what you wanted bitch .
is it wrong if i get on this bitch and started talking shit .
some these bitches got and dont even have cars on the island let alone furniture .
two red bones kissin n da back seat .
these hoes aint loyal 128588 .
this niggah aaron had me weak last night .
wtf mkr2015 mkr .
deathofrats01 thats an awesome name p .
lmfao stupid bitch tells me at the door they already started and to come nah .
scientists have recently discovered that bitches do in fact be trippin .
grummz i dont think you understand what means but thats adorable .
up and let the heat pop bitch .
this bitch tryna eat im tryna eat steak an shit bitch dont know nothing about grindin .
lance award for sportsmanship 2015 goes to opens winner is kat mkr .
when you know you dealing with hoe 128583 .
a lot of bitches eat ass nowadays 128567 .
i dont een tryna be disrespectful when i say bitch its just a term like bruh or .
here some for you 128139 128298 this is how before i slice a bitch .
safe to twitter my .
charlie sheen gets it .
basically saying that the pound doesnt belong to us and its english greedy cunts .
stupid cunt bitch on the road .
fly as a bitch on rug .
and xdsmooth fell in love with pussy he never even got .
bf i think we need some pet insurance gf lmao why what for bf because im destroying your pussy everyday .
me and my bitch .
truenovacane they not gonn comment cause they in the closet hoes lol team lol .
so fucking annoying when a hoe is like omg relationship goals like close your legs get dressed and do something about it .
already know juss ordered some of this for the weekend for tha white hoes .
el charlie baker de massachusetts election2014 .
jkwest b in da pussy 2 mins like .
today in 1996 charlie wilson left office should be for his role in defeating 8230 .
my pussy popz severely .
i hope the yankees get shoulda never gave him away for alex rodriguez .
shit kinghov1313 i want a bitch so bad that id eat her in front of her .
secretgamergrrl viviangames the actual rule is you are allowed 1 lesbian andor trans player per team which is much .
and if you aint a hoe get up out my trap house .
your mcm is a lil bitch .
i got no pic up lines i stay on my grind i tell a bitch all the time bitch get in my car i got my 64 ridin on .
shainarakia doubt it cause a bitch aint nothing but a nigga downfall .
coil780 nope very first night he engaged me with those pics that dude is just ridic .
im tryna get some snow day dick make a nicca have a wreck out there tryn pull up on ya 128514128514 .
if a man tells you he doesnt eat pussy to have sex just laugh laugh as u put your clothes on laugh as u g8230 .
i really hope the bottom two are kat amp andre and annie amp lloyd mkr .
funnypicsdepot he really put side bitch contract 128514128514 .
leelucas 100046729 man bitch you then fucked up ill burn yall house down again hoe 128514 thats why bumble bee your real grandma hoe .
salute spit on my chest like a nasty bitch .
jihadi john has again prayers with the victims families what is the on his head time 4 him 2 meet .
should stop video games at the age of 40 fucking stop playing like pussies .
lol thats some hoe shit .
versace versace i talk shit on twitter and so that bitch blocked .
met this bitch online call her my .
lets go pick up dat bitch she only 10 dollars lol .
morgan to charlie sheen were taking charlie sheen 8220i wasn8217t taking it i had to pay for it8221 via .
i just wanna fuck bad bitches .
mkr mkr2015 killerblondes mykitchenrules .
dedication 4 hoe .
you are a bitch .
you knows dat once you white bitches has da black cock on yo white asshole you wants it again and again and again .
that was a comment taken from article on the panel .
are you really going to make me get off this to find some damn by golly you old bitch .
shake that bear aka two rednecks having sex on a dead bear .
a bitch wanna get slick .
sometimes im just like wow this bitch had the to talk shit look at you and your life then look at me and mine 128514128514 .
now this new bitch acting dumb tryna correct my every word .
that would be a joint then retard .
kantrn see facebook .
i guess everybody else decided to go to the dog park too leo is .
you gotta understand that these bitches are childish .
fat hoes belly shirts die now .
broski5519 thats where the hoes at .
a bird just flew into my window i hope hes okay 128563 .
for the slow he out saving hoes 1 by 1 ciscoallday out here saving lives 128557128514128557128514 .
i have such a horrible perspective of time i think i might be retarded smh .
nothing worse than a baby bitch pussy go fly a .
lmaooooo im outta here bobby shmurda looks like a negro league player .
i see bitches aint been doing nun but amp 128514 .
black bitches actin like they too good for an average nigga like they just got a1 credit and pussy .
iz no point in being jealous cuz dee hoes for everybody 128175128175128175 .
if people deserve to die over or sellin cigarettes whats the penalty for stealing land and people im .
its like u want me to be the sideline hoe and dat shid aint finna while im well and living fuck dat i rather say and u .
its the start of another yellow jacket season tonight how about a for all the jacket fans .
have you hugged a today .
dat da bad thing bout being colored day bring me in to fight but dont me to da victory .
i dont think theres anything more ugly than announcing how pretty you are over and over again mkr .
olevertybstard let a honky know man lol .
lets get drunk get spit shit spark blunts amp fuck hoes bro white dudes have no chill .
keyshbechillin have you bitches done your today .
it might be some of yall females pussy wet cause he smh .
kayliefarmer its funny and it has that blond bitch on it .
since some people apparently suffer from sexism and were still trying to find a cure .
chlldhoodruiner iphone 6 is trash watch me glo up .
so i guess i want to be ghetto my dad was poor not in morals or in standards my was poor he was great man tho .
thank you for the kind words .
lmao the drose adidas are lighter than my phone shit is retarded .
id rather be at school my life than sleeping at home im back bitch .
wifey material doesnt come often so you better recognize when you have yourself a rider before you end up with a hoe .
dont let the hoes lie to you .
i was fat as hell and was a band faggot thank god i played sports after 6th grade and didnt stay in band .
woke up ew chunky gross missed the gym 1 wait for the dr boo friday .
dam this hoes should be working at .
aint talk 2 my n a week first thing she say is where shy an benny 128514 .
the fact is there is no policy there is no training but all the pds ive talked to do not say this amp do not give any related advice .
females be damn near naked wondering why niccas jus wanna fuk lol .
i agree it would be great if gamergate stopped finding in harassing people .
you girls be 13 talking about i hate sleeping alone well bitch you better buy a damn teddy bear .
if not then you are a coward and afraid showing you have no another devils bitch .
an old dude today told me that when he lived in paris he saw many people with colorful hair til primary is sjws .
how about darkskin dykes .
fewjr i dont trust bitches fake niggas faker so its not fuck yall id rather just not fuck wi8230 .
whats this bitch retarded give me back my 16 dollars every time i meet somebody i assume ill never meet them .
russelltpot this bitch sees that as not an attack because muslims are only 1 no idea where he .
i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than the fat bitch who sat down to fast .
lmfao sorry bitch no one likes you wes .
kathy sierra and thats not what wadhwa is complaining about .
if ur mine its obvious people are hit on u cause ur obviously attractive but if u flirt back its a problem bitch .
get some orange hoe .
that boss ass bitch song got basics thinking theyre models lmao 128514128514128514128514128514 .
stomach is hurting im starving for some early morning pussy .
moving has been a bitch this weekend .
sschinke its entertaining but well lets just say my entire next week is quickly filling with meetings no time for gamergate .
top notch bitch hair down to her ass .
these bitches climb on me climb on me .
justinmiculka01 bitch got the crew hype an still got her ass beat tonight should have brought him to us .
fuck 50 i make my own rules suck my dragon balls bitch call me goku .
lmao i fucks with havemercyyy amp kalikushdoll real talk them bitches know how to have fun .
a day of meetings a day of notifications to catch up on uh will be doing so later hit me up on other if its an emergency .
my best friend says i dont need to be in love right now he thinks its too soon to love monkey .
itskingdee 1inkkofrosess fuck them hoes i have bigger problems like do you ever cook at your house lmao .
yellow in paris fantastic effort from and just the last stage up for grabs .
freetopher some females make being a hoe look so easy like damn girl dont shit bother yo soul sometimes 128553128553128553 .
i could .
pussys dont get pussy .
nothing like waiting till the last game of the season to it shit website .
curious are you just upset because women are being allowed into your nerd club clearly sexism is because youre pissed .
in the past spacekatgal is seeing the most targeted abuse with gg tweets mentioning her congrats .
themayormatt pitch chip and slide ur dick in tight clam 22 love it .
guy send me a pic of your pussy girl ok sends pic of holy shit what dafuq i wanted to see the cat .
cleveland is the best team for manziel honestly the oc can use the offense he had with the redskins amp the browns d is nice wit a def hc .
stimpyrules sherirubin i dont think im going to be able to record so if you could amp post to twitter that would be awesome .
ego so big i must admit i got every reason to feel like im that bitch 128522 .
hoes saying eyebrows on fleek search it on twitter .
crying me with 80sbaby4life that pussy crying for help .
now im gook boy shawty .
i hopes dis dont come as a severe shock to use but im colored .
this man gotta be drunk he know damn well he dont fw no hoes 128514128557 .
shine on them hoes let em know you run shit .
feels like a video a band would pussy out on releasing thank god is still around to make up for it all .
z0mbiedance i know bitches lets do something this weekend lets bake .
if you your horn 4 seconds after the light turns green i will shut off my car lay on the hood and feed birds fo8230 .
i like a cool bad bitch she know she sexy but her attitude is like ehh whatever .
no wonder these ppl that call themselves niggas amp thugs able to convince their hoes false ideas about men like me in our dress .
im such a bitch lmao i really just say whats on my mind though cant help it .
jaredchase that would be awesome im doing pretty well in lfr for shadow usually in top 5 dmg and im in mostly pvp gear .
mkr scoring is ridiculous liked 80 of it so only giving a 4 snakes .
shut up pussy .
damn you kat amp andre hope karma comes around and bites you in the arse mkr .
kiefferjason bitch you are not funny stfu talking to me what part of that do you not understand .
feels like its been a year since i seen ya queer lolol .
i hate a dont get shit done ass nigguh .
this team score is disgraceful mkr .
jetsandaswisher gook yall come through the i aint coming .
iammrechols 9 times outta 10 a bitch gonna know if she a hoe or not .
metroidthief email but basically yes .
whos pussy better then a crazy bitch .
charlie sheen never .
who the fuck made this cunt the authority on men .
tech sites im available for hire .
cant wait to eat and see my friends bring on those damn yellow .
him me pussy wetter then a shower .
nig nog .
of course not that means its time if im flat oh bitch we aint never leaving .
jimmccloskey why does have to be in the hes such a pussy .
mattstratton tmclaughbos so it causes problems with other bots .
im no pussy but ur still a dick .
dont be a broke hoe hating on a paid .
whispers hey guys being free from doesnt have to be it should be for everyone i can show you the way .
why yall bitches be havin stretch marks on yall upper ass .
it worked fine for the first 30 of then i had to keep would work for another 5 sec .
no thanks lady you look like you just got off the white trash train id rather not catch a disease .
check it out you gotta vodka soda amp a lemon on the bottom of that bitch thats cool .
dudes probably just think eating pussy is sucking on pussy lips 128530 .
chuuu i want this bad bitch to be over so fast cant write a sentence with proper agreement now8230 .
and yes im still watching mkr .
you outta line .
thats how rednecks .
i have eaten army food from that looked better than that and less like a dick mkr .
animecommentary ninaburleigh who are you referring to with we .
follow my dog he has over bitches i made a golden my bitch today at the park http .
that wasnt as bad though drawing conclusions about white america based on a 1000 person poll is a slippery slope .
come on yankees lets keep this game going we must .
in order to be a real nicca you gots to be real nicca .
snap manu best judge reply on mkr that ur bad score is because of strategic they realize they have to cook good well too .
ever leave me around yo bitch and ima get her stoned .
oh colin and manu in the same room my ovaries are exploding haha mkr mkr2015 mykitchenrules .
i rather my girl be clingy than a hoe .
vsamone man i was bouta text all the bitches that ever told me that you should .
bitches be like but still be in everybodys business .
a female will automatically assume you have hoes if she finds you attractive .
long story lol but ive missed you faggot .
jazzriley wat type of bitch ass nigga rape a innocent female .
hgshit cause bitch im tae .
on my own shit jus turned 18 bitches on dat now you grown shit 128527 .
smcadman truth4ever87 itsmenanice file a report with twitter if its or twitters abuse system doesnt do anything email me .
can you catch a box hoe .
what women already know .
i guess its one type of strength to make it this far another to recognize the problem amp speak out not playing boys club games .
uhh messi trash and im but what was the games .
where da hoes at cmon thru at in about to rock dis .
fresh razor blades in my goth bitch .
and bitch boy .
i am 12 .
finally got a hot bitch to dance on me came in my pants while she was grinding on me lost that .
omg your behaviour is so embarrassing i wonder what your family thinks of you kat id be totally ashamed of you mkr .
houston has so many trash drivers .
been doing things going to have some pretty stuff to show you all soon but for now some kinda neat stuff i found .
only low self esteem niggas walk around about bitches he fucked they have something to prove to ppl .
mykitchenrules are you upset about tonights elimination result mkr .
i lost something more important than myself last year so excuse me for being a little selfish bitch .
i just wanna ball my fist in your hair and shake the bitch right out of you .
this bitch had today she her bald head ass hair red and put that bitch in a pony tail smh .
this is bad cooking and good tv all in one mkr .
ceemurda94 its almost ya fucking birthday so act right niglet .
just seen a pic comparison of lou and he grandma off hillbillies and i cant stop crying tears of .
i love you too pussy lmaooo .
respect must be earned although your years of learned entitlement have probably never exposed you to that simple fact .
i wanna go to the ghetto club tonight .
hoes i got several they or better 128076 .
1life0continues this is basically going to be like but for tweets p .
freebsdgirl im not entirely sure i agree with you there .
nickscott25 sounds about right to many dumb bitches work there welcome to my life .
birthday its like ironic and shit holy fuck i cant believe twitter that username and not youre sexist as fuck .
i titty ya bitch .
128532 every week them hoes partying i see them hoes in every city partying for an event .
wadhwa thinks he took intense fire for helping women in tech not realizing the fire hes getting is for doing the opposite s .
idk i went to to the school like a week ago and the bitch gave me a paper and shit telling me my classes paid for and .
lmao he left that .
all strippers and sexy hoes follow my mans .
you got old bitches upgrade them .
mckinley719 i mean we have other pics of me idk why you chose that one cough bitch cough .
are such a bitch .
i gave my number to this bad ass bitch a few days said ill call you when i make it home im starting to think tha8230 .
but nobody likes you mkr .
the 6 of being a hoe .
i really dont give a fuck once you start that you got hoes you fuck with bitches shit im yo .
white bitches be lovin da colored men .
kgasso freebsdgirl oh lord shes a false report on you for supposed false reporting .
were being honest with each other rogue is way too busy harassing people to even start working on a game .
its friday so i have had some and i just want to express that one really must balance the rage and that trolls bring .
no kia i dont have anything to do with that .
boobah these hoes be fucking all of us niggas i got news for all the monogamous niggas yo bitch fucking anonymous niggas .
ashleylynch mistertodd hi i like you lt3 .
seahawks fans are scheduled to meet up at on sat to trash talk and san be prepared .
its like tank girl if water amp power had been run by a white wait .
niggas cheat on they bitch and dont expect no pay back whatsoever yall just as as these bitches .
cant beat a score of 12 on flappy bird .
no i do not wish to spend 40 to go to a filthy and watch a fuzzy screen with bad sound .
shanley if anyone is defending you at this point the same are to supporters to make sure that stops .
i dont use freebsd as a desktop .
my eye don got lazy reading and looking at u bitches and lie all .
beardyblue never feel bad about that its pretty intense if youre not prepared for it .
i dont think kat amp andre deserve to be in the competition anymore  mkr2015 mkr .
drakino sorry i didnt get a chance to stop by i wouldve loved to but i ended up having to go home quicker than i thought .
cant get no pussy to kirk franklin idc how long its been for ya .
this shit is fixing to blow my mind tony back in this bitch .
sorry im not humble dick .
ogbeard and he still wont get no bitches willyroast2 wow wtf .
its not even pastry mkr .
only movie i cant wait to see if its a fail im going killer ape shit on michael bay .
hey followers im back from a vacation and ready to call people sexist again thanks for sticking around .
i wanna get this hoe on my arm with a diamond coming out of the riprick .
bitches b dusty .
yeah ive got a bit of a mentally speaking .
at the mexican laundry and its packed denna hoe .
bro do you fist bitches with that shit .
just caught up on mkr i think its safe to say kat and andre are the worst i actually wanted the blondes to stay amp they were no picnic .
if sheri and emilie go home im not watching the show anymore mkr .
callmerenee dam bitch .
we ran thru the bitch you fallin in love with .
these hoes .
imtoomuch so you gon call me a nigger because of that fuck wrong with you .
interesting hick .
she also claimed that women being angry with wadhwa was worse than the death threats we were getting because were used to it .
but seriously its the only reason i use a whatsoever pure also those sweet fuzzy wings .
iemonaids like i really want a monkey .
youre a pussy shut up .
when you finally see the white kid that called you nigger on call of duty .
amo .
horny mature babe in a has her pussy fingered .
have you looked yourself this is funny this is like obama saying he is good for the economy hipster faggot funny though .
morgansmith20 i smell a challenge usa vs usa next time i see ya bitch ass .
back in yolo county awww .
i was away i couldnt even think of a more way of getting across the point that this is a problem we need to talk about .
bshiznitt cum thru bitch .
monkey see monkey doo .
of all the lazy bitches i was the today .
rebelliousmidy wheelerkashhh lol oh bitch is you really coming amp how late you gon be lls .
lol they turn down to early bunch a pussies .
fukkntyler u a bitch in niggas clothing shut yo ass up 128514128514128514128514128514 .
djzeeti i couldnt host and park id fuck too many young bitches .
tomdcc i met with them weeks ago p who knows what they might do i certainly dont but were talking .
if u a broke bitch with expensive taste .
one thing i cant stand is texting bitches that got .
carolinepoe bitch im 17 and i didnt follow you hahaha .
mykitchenrules where is this place its beautiful mkr .
leave it to gg to think women need to compete for the attention of men havent you listened to flawless gawd .
niggas talk more than bitches these days today .
lt nudes are trash .
lock that bitch keep the heat out msmarrie shut the front door .
arianagrande this bitch .
a quick lesson on the birds and the bees the birds are sudden the bees are .
nice pussy .
rock76 1waynostra we just trying flip an ounce to a p in dis bitch im still out school bro next week im out doe .
xor ryan is an indie tom is an amazon who keeps her on twitter coming soon youve got male o .
shes aint being a bitch shes just tired of your bullshit her attitude towards you is based upon how you treat her .
ion like bitches that do slick shit just be straight up nd let me know wassup .
kat is showing her true mkr .
fuck u ugly ass bitch .
truth about any distance for all you love birds out there .
this bitch tweets been on point the few minutes i been on .
i cant believe that someone announced before the movie to the crowd that they came for the bitches 128557128514 .
this stank bitch steady calling i wonder how she get my number .
a have asked her which more thousand pounds of feathers or a thousand pounds of steel .
if you slow down for a youre a bitch .
rildom1 is really fucking telling .
djfeds yeah bitch did it taste good fucker t .
lol find a redneck from to take you .
hmu negro .
yea oscar your a bitch i live in a fuckin trash can .
stockputout i my rating by constantly helping a friend gear up all of his .
bruh some of yall bitches lucky and do not realize it .
goodbye you faggot .
stuffed her like an oreo .
get a new bruh good luck pussy interview aka money time .
is mkr turning into masterchef .
not no time like i dont feel like to this right now but i have to set an alarm on my phone to tell me to sleep .
two roads in a yellow wood and i chose the one to robert giant .
arod said the number 13 he wears on his uniform is for opposing teams to fear him but the fact is arod is a damn cancer to the yankees .
how tf you act like a bitch .
weird ass bitches .
i just want vanilla oreos .
peerworker evvykube uh you came to me with financial threats .
i dont think i even been in a real thought they was real but they were just trash .
chilblane everyone should be jealous of my coffee maker our love is pure .
also are you for real hey twitter there are real on here get that shit outta here .
bitches ain8217t shit and they ain8217t saying .
the way a would say nigger slave is the way the gop says conservative they gop literally sees conservatives as their slaves .
fuck all that some bitches so disrespectful they dont care they will talk fuck ya boyfriend and still speak to the girlfriend .
that hoe smashed the whole team 8221 lmao yall .
trapped in a venue with that and sausage impersonating food mkr .
that old cunt needs to sit down .
if i hear the word sass one more time gtgt mkr .
the little bitch told me sloppy top was a thats when she gave me sloppy toppy like the sloppy toppy .
thedress is obviously gold and white .
silvermillsy freebsdgirl every day i find it harder and harder to tell you and randiebooks apart .
the shit that you bitches brag about is hilarious .
oh see see what your particular brand creates a boy who thinks its ok to call a woman a cunt .
peanut butter oreos lt3 .
im turning over a new no more drama and cod for still a .
jus need my nig to the award tho .
i wanna be around bitches amp have fun 128556 .
i was hangin on them late pockets wasnt straight bitch i aint gon make it at this rate dawg know what im sayin .
you see you you a bitch you talk shit nigga youll get ya issue .
i bent yo bitch over thats why you mad these niggas broke thats why i laugh .
poor annie the kids are scared of her mkr .
theres one dude i can not stand at my school because he stays on the freshman girls and girls from other schools cause none fw him bitch .
bitch we them boys .
the bitches like my .
group chat bitches we call yall undercover feds watching .
juanndacut this bitch wanna be from american dad so bad .
lets hope they bring it home with the dessert go girls mkr .
but thats the thing they clearly have skills but as well mkr .
victoriafinae drrrruuuu jealous bitch 128514 .
ungrateful bitches never happy how u not happy what u mean u aint happy .
niggas want a virgin porn star and bitches want a dangerous safe nigga .
jillwetzler so calling qualified bc its not enough is to progress it what we already feel around  .
i love asking really hot skinny bitches when theyre due .
latina pussy be like .
really annie a pony how can it fit in there mkr .
i reckon rob and dave could serve shit on a stick and those i mean campers would eat anything mkr .
omg this bitch on the wont stfu already .
mykitchenrules do you prefer a sweet or breakfast mkr pancakes all the way .
known to take a nigga bitch real quick .
and ima steal his cat n replace it with a 128514128514128514128514 80sbaby4life theparadox he a bitch you should do it .
google false equivalence and commit to memory .
worldstarfunny aye en dyke .
you said you be smoking strong but your wrong you been smoking trash and it aint in my if it aint that pressure .
huntermoore bitch you gross as fuck touchin them titties .
i know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas but it be the same bitch fuckin niggas .
zeynep twitter delbius omg is that what happened i keep hitting the wrong button .
cmon emilie n sherri you guys are the best mkr .
ugh get out mkr .
it wouldnt be fair hmm yes kat because youre totally fair mkr .
she think she bad but my bitch meaner .
you say that bitch bad but she aint shit to me .
really tempted to let out the redneck side of my drink a lot of beer and sing some country .
metroidthief freebsdgirl .
say something is the one drake song i have to listen to when im in my .
lil stupid ass bitch .
the girls are through mkr .
who knew that was how to do it mkr .
county cannot handle the style straight up north bay is pussies forever .
justezzzee your so fucking ignorant u talk a lot shit for someone who dont wanna fight your mama raised u as bitch huh .
you officially brought to football congrats on being a pussy 128564 .
nah mate dont care what they give me as long as its free mkr happycampers .
who knows man that uncle tom mentality will never die ol martin baker .
im a dope ass nigga n these bitches .
troymadden i guess its cool to just walk around with ya titties out in a top shit if these hoes aint trippin how can i .
and thats karma annieandlloyd mkr .
joebudden if i got hoes then i sure can8217t find where i put them lol .
going to become besties i can tell .
i hope this round humbled the girls they cant cook mkr .
if you dont give your bf head youre a lame bitch and hes probably cheating on you with a bitch the suck his shit .
you confuse me but in a good way mkr .
its a plane its a bird nah its just me doing around the dam lol .
we dont love them hoes .
boat full of spotted in yesterday .
at some point theres still a few bugs i need to work out with proper of rts to people that issued them minor stuff .
i like bad bitches cause they like bad bitches too .
im literally about to scream and throw a bitch fit if people dont hurry the fuck up .
lmaooo naw man diponline yo want in humbltonbanks u serious bro lol early bird special .
he is really on my line singing negro .
mykitchenrules nailed it mkr .
when is my stupid selfie camera going to drop ffs .
u ever kill a ant on the and think damn what if that nigga was on his way to get some bs must b .
my bitch pussy it take this dick and hide my dope .
i dont care how much i hate a girl ill never call her a hoe bitch slut or any of that shit lol .
ima beast dese niggas food so ima jus eat dat if dat pussy bad big gon beat dat .
just a ghetto family twerk .
thanks to mr wilson for passing along this responsibility my sole focus is to our leadership to .
im bitch8221 .
seeing elder queer couples marry really is emotional they get to live their final years with equality and with dignity .
someone please bring me goldfish crackers .
ask your bitch about me she turns into .
manamifox eevee femfreq no u .
youngricooo dont take advantage of a nice hoes .
fuck bitches get money mission complete .
i didnt like katie and nikki but i wished it was kat and andre that were leaving mkr .
garrettwinker bitch shut yo little ass up fucking no color emo faget ads nigga u call me dumb but u dont know shit .
sis said go to sleep i said bitch its our b day i aint sleeping .
a sign at charlie a well known crossing point between east and west when .
unemployed niggas get the most bitches .
johnny manziel just flipped somebody the bird .
by the way i was just hanging out with somebody from github talking about their decision to remove gamergates accounts for harassment .
hell yea went from i love you to fuck you and that basic bitch .
dont talk behind my back i hate that pussy shit .
do i have time for these hoes .
xpriceless bitch take dat shit down .
im up to 20 already so .
justdoitslow 21 hoes .
11 get to hit any bitch on campus he wants to .
i often try to help someone out if i cant decide whether i want to like their insta pic like ehh ill throw this bitch 8230 .
yes lets ignore the millions of people who supported rice and that it took massive effort to get him .
twitter gives bitches views of what a relationship is gonna be if yall fight this nigga aint comin to 8230 .
first second an third i been hearing it wus trash wan give it a listen kinda dont .
you just want some attention hoe .
one charlotte store but of course they are faggots .
alejandrobihhh capodaasshole lol cause these hoes love me .
a random am scroll me charlie horses sex just simply means you didnt drink enough water that day .
not one single bone in my body gives a fuck about what the next bitch thinks .
best earrings .
those eggs were nowhere near ready mkr hungrycampers .
whats a mkr .
texting this bitch like she main material fuck that shit she finna get these hoe text .
just followed me on vice lord dats rns i been listening to this nigga since magic almighty on you hoes .
nobody should ever have sex with a dirty dick or pussy that says a lot about you if you fuck em knowing they smell like .
pretty sure dudes are constantly pissing in public .
dumb bitch dont know her colors .
boats and hoes .
how could you say such a thing woman you have two functioning chest tables to hold your peanut butter and crackers .
glennf only if you want to laugh at how fucking privileged he is what a tool .
legacy need some ice cream and oreos 128525 .
can i pay you to stop being a lil bitch damn shut the fuck up .
there is a very valid case to be made that strategic scoring by multiple teams the elimination tonight mkr .
at least he went up and wasnt a bitch .
ketchup on tha beat hoe .
bitch at look a lil well bitchi woke up like woke up like .
baby i can make that pussy rain often .
i wonders why dare aint no colored folk up dare .
stop being such a .
all i see in every tweet be like da colored brady bunch .
this bitch is garbage at gta .
im the only person who likes yellow starburst i feel .
fuck your gpa bitch im a lot smarter than you .
mannn let bosh hoe ass hit that 3 .
im a boss ass bitch .
bitch bye 128514 wearexci dawg look at this shit .
instant of people boiling an egg have australian tv mkr .
wait it simple never basic .
they clearly arent even trying to hide how rigged it is girls should have stayed but kats more .
hoes ass laws had to fuck up the fun .
thekaosyatti jmuggaaa ya mom lick ass for christmas bitch lol .
shes a right twat id tell you honestly sky honestly .
well i wonder what coming up on mkr fourinhand fourinhandhotel .
zachsmith98 nathanndevlin bitch i didnt even know you i was only fucking with real niggas and damn sure wasnt one of them .
some weird local ghetto school haha .
i cried like a bitch after my first breakup never loved again lol8221 .
right come then what wait another 9 months 9995 i could be pimpin these hoes lol .
hi mom last night i was cunt slapping when you texted me about sorry i didnt get back to you until no8230 .
pussy put yo ass to sleep now im calling you .
fuck her right in the pussy .
no bitch ass chick flick will ever be as sad as this movie .
eaballesty timgeelen no true .
this ks isnt for a game its to sponsor his online abuse .
morning terror read 99 of the trash is gone and no one knows where it went 8594 .
all my young boys round me sayin get money and fuck these hoes .
ion have a fb niggas on twitter aint worried about me amp them ig nigga foe everybody so try again 128514 my bffl got the hoes .
find her ass and push her down some stairs by accident throw some water on the floor shit kick a bitch .
on twitter you hos can jus take a pic with your ass out and be .
follow me back bitch .
my bitch 128540 .
my favorite line so far has to be being blind must suck because you cant ever be an asshole made me ho8230 .
back when i was a young soldier ha so to the bro tbt we still in this bitch8230 .
they probably hate me even more because not only do i look white when im technically a poc but i have white hair now im double cracker .
forgot someone niglet .
i like a hoe that like a hoe just for my .
mkr lloyds happy with all this meat on tonights menu .
senior privileges bitch .
you wouldnt last a day there hoe .
thefixninemsn saved by the tail of a spatchcock mkr promogirls .
can dick sherman get caught doing blow of a tranny hooker some time soon please pete .
i want me a coon ass girl lol .
them bitches are good lmao .
yeah ive seen them on amazon but is and the clips slide .
haha still a little bitch though 128517 .
working out with the hoes .
rihannahasaids i knew a faggot .
this is what happens when niggas gas up ugly bitches .
photo happy friday ladykimora rupaulsdragrace .
drummerkid0328 you prolly dont like me niggah i dont really give a fuck how you feel 128175 .
tell him that you chose a not to trash the while trying to save it like a hypocritical .
you motherfuckin bullshit son of a whore you all vets with ur crap now go off to pussy land where u belong .
you see these two pussies jason nd jason cousins taking on the gram but aint about that8230 .
there are legitimate of valentines day but women have too much power on this day is not one of them .
bet they want a cookie you mean like you want a cracker kinda bitter here today .
shanley we have been ignoring this because it was happening to the most marginalized users of our software and tools .
only keep real bitches in .
now hes an actress for her accent because americans wont watch the movie fuck off and die .
thats bullshit colin and you know it mkr .
phishlicia is approaching bitches .
killallsimps i remember i was having phone sex with a white bitch and she said her pussy tasted like salt and chips aint .
voretaq7 freebsdgirl yes thats what i want in a valentine obsession with my .
yu a bitch made nigga .
some movies are made to dudes to pick girls up think out side the box lil nigguh .
selling it as deconstructed is an excuse for not being able to prepare the actual dish mkr .
get all the hoes .
missbre shes hurt the nigga she on fucking a bottle girl so they all have to be hoes .
these bitches washed up aint no soap involved .
gimme my grade bitch you know wat im trying to spell .
not scoring fairly is called cheating mkr .
pornandroidiphoneipadsexxxx latina latina chick gets her pussy .
youknowmaxwell ciscoallday name that hoe im 61 on my license tho .
i aint gone lie amp old heads say they see it in me so i nah you just retarded .
saucygyro niggers fell off .
that bitch is corn fed .
my notifications are full of man tears i thought i was going to have to wait till christmas thank you baby jesus .
kat and andre dont deserve to be there ffs mkr .
jig for .
value your your buy fuck trash .
sick bitch .
larry bird 128514 .
word school flow on a dumb hoe .
yeah ive got around 1k books .
this is crazy no rb picked yet a rb won roy 2yrs ago rb was mvp ppl how important our position is this is insane ho8230 .
high then a hoe but played it .
some of you hoes got so much to say with so .
someone told iggy azalea she as a child cause this bitch still upset yo it aint even that deep .
wouldve liked some more backup but i can handle myself against a gang of retards .
we need to start having a fantasy team of ut hoes lol .
im not a fan of the blonde butchers but those scores seemed awfully low mkr .
smash into the birds do it the bees do it light do it you know what .
blackgirldanger mansplaining mansplaining slow clap ladies and we have mansplaining  .
o k bitch .
eanahs 1inkkofrosess bro you just made me want that ho even more what year .
congrats on being a cunt and doing your make up worse than a 12 year old ugly bitch .
haha i just got to refer to someone in my social circles as being the token dude for a .
aint it time for you hoes to get out of here lol this is what mom says to us .
coil780 freebsdgirl .
totally my bad p here brain bleach .
a bitch in my math class right now is actually eating just straight up nutella .
lmaoooo everything on bet is trash brad white mike was on bet he cant be trash .
i mean we can get married as long we can sign a agreement its 2014 bitch .
nah he pussy he wont .
thank you .
good weed bad bitch got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt .
pepsi cola ladies what does your pussy taste like .
itsfoodporn oreo cheesecake bars .
funkydineva chile im taking everywhere from now on yo hoes and bout to fly me into no building or fly me over the 8230 .
one hoe be fine as fuck and the other one be ugly than a bitch .
the spider monkey had 1 quality he ran the boat amp the boat women only in c8230 .
im the first one of my niccas who rock them shits .
eh i knew shed take credit for me my old work account but i cant really let gg affect my life lt3 .
currensyspitta some bitches think a hat automatically makes them a model .
peerworker krisaubuchon holy shit seriously ive done research into both groups ive seen the tweets amp patterns gamergate isnt isis .
good evening charlie and friends charlie4927 stacydmomof5 pattism74 cantucimblonde kacado .
theres too much groupie to come across girls who arent overly social and friendly with everyone .
good pussy be making a nigga have to pull out and get your thoughts .
beattyjustin kyoppcoalition and just what is that bitch gonna do for women .
and if you think reverse sexism is a thing or that sexism towards men is more than a shit unicorn in a bay of i need you to gtfo .
to touchdown slant gives arizona the 70 plays .
another instant round happy and sad bout this mkr .
my guy is a maine coon and a total cuddle bum every one that ive ever met has been super friendly .
free that hoe 128175 .
this lady is probably like what the fuck does this bitch listen to .
i know og niggaz and bitches .
your bitch in houston .
neiltyson just to settle it once and for all which came first the chicken or the egg the egg laid by a bird that was not a chicken .
and kat thought her bake was great so delusional mkr .
this girl is the skank bitch ive ever met do not trust her she is a fugly slut .
where this bitch at lol .
im a ass niggahs to these fast hoes .
128514128514 niggas sending screenshots of me to they bitches like stop texting cuh 128557 .
a squad of dyke fear nobody they worse than the cartel .
it wasnt strategic voting kat its just your food was truly awful mkr .
careful they might try to queer ya .
gravitypike tomdcc uhh through what point of .
cool story bitch now pass the evanbecker513 bitch .
im an employee of that nonprofit i pay the same taxes on my as an employee of a forprofit they are repeating some weird stuff .
dropping them bitches like a .
the bros is the most retarded show ever .
hello october you irrelevant bitch you no worries november coming 128076 .
yankees plan sign move arod to first base shoot teixeira and throw his in the east river y8230 .
bring it bitch .
i dont owe you shit bitch leave me alone .
3d bird amp feather drawing .
looks like kat got the cream after all mkr mykitchenrules .
apparently walking a catwalk involves putting one foot in front of the know like walking mkr .
128514128514128514 bitch i know you got games on your phone .
hopefully someone cooks drasko in the next ep of mkr .
be a girl with a mind a bitch with an attitude and a lady with class .
bad bitch her attitude nasty ooh ooh thats my song hoe atl .
lol im off this bitches .
maybe ann charlie amp mama should be their own team next time in .
serious question what do white boys pull up on bitches bumpin .
128591 lord please dont let this bitch kill my vibe .
im certain pete has a spittoon for all food that he has to taste mkr .
do these bitches that tweet about taking adderall everyday think their hard or nah .
hunterbuch66 kiefferjason sbsylvester my bitch doesnt even know you so wtf r u talking about nigga stop fucking dreaming .
tmclaughbos yo are you going to bsdcan is going to be there we could cause trouble p .
i know this one hoe on twitter right now thats shit .
floyd mayweather stay with a badd bitch lol .
i despise you aint original bitch you are a copy deleted .
girls who only faggots say some pussy shit like that i swear .
my mom told me never use the word cunt its my favorite word cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt .
the cardinals are gold standard and there isnt even a close silver dodgers giants tigers yankees httptc8230 .
happy friday bitches kimorablac .
it is kind of funny how much more body confident ive gotten ever since the gaters started calling me fat lt3 .
juicygenie sheryl crow be my mom .
im boutta deck this bitch in the face .
are the first to this years hoes for being smarter than last years hoes you know who you are .
school ghetto as fuck .
lisamromano drasko the pork ninja mind mkr .
working saturday is for the birds fml .
men in the fashion world are paid more and are more highly than women so .
notice how no one ever gives male shit for being less than female or says men cant play or some shit .
spring is almost here i realized that my collection of hoes has severely .
emmalouisasuttl wise must be a right .
i hate those creepy ass that call you im like bitch i aint yo daddy .
stevstiffler element number 35 is and it comes before number 67 ho therefore its bros before hoes .
this bitch at 12 who sippin wit me .
told ya months ago charlie wasnt is next .
do you expect me to be cute with you oh hell no im not a bitch cuteness gets you planted in a relationship a relationship youll hate .
like my momma said dont waste yo time on des fake ass bitches and bum ass dudes cause they aint gone get u nowhere but pregnant and .
text me with plans nigs .
its bitch .
all these bitches know that youre my nigga 128075 .
seriously how am i the only person that caught this this just my belief that im the only person that watches the morning news .
chriswarcraft i would but my time is super limited these next few days im about to have to run too many meetings .
rishaawilliams hoe yu bitch 1285149996 .
can we use the kitchen we have friends over mkr .
you bitches are grade a weird .
you are not a are a pussy black bored kid kills a cop by starting a is the outrage you .
man in zebra print dress robs bank .
forgot how good i am at too bad is a pussy and wont buy it scared to get fuckin .
whats yall favorite chappelle show is wayne brady gonna have to choke a bitch 128514 .
strap i aint sharing no bitch if you mines you mines 128175 .
cuz bitches love cheesy .
they barely cooked anything on that entre mkr .
every time my mom calls me its to bitch at me about something lol .
al exactly dont be gettin no additional pussy for them soft ass tweets jus be you dude lol .
lov3tadaisha you wanna be one of my hoes 1285149995 .
you and me having twitter bird shaped pancakes that would just be a start .
bitch you look like a version of rocky .
handles lol that shit only now your bitch is stick soo i know was good with them double aha .
on gta iv is a pussy .
try new water roasted crackers loaded with enough as to make lots wife look only a box .
ozziegarza whitethunduh im so sure bitch frfr tf .
mwlauthor ive also got my phone next to my computer it throws up a notification for dms i use the web interface on my pc to send .
that nigga john aint ah real older nigga forreal he let vick bitch out on .
i think i just gotta accept the fact that all these bitches gonna be hoes til they around the age of 27 and life will be a lot easier .
both of them hoes losers and need to hit the gym .
yall big baby hair havin bitches look like from dont be a this is not up for .
it is .
squad up bitch nigga .
quote this tweet with the funniest pic in ya camera roll 1285148221 this bitch started it .
your bitch .
name on twitter ever aka best name on twitter .
chris a faggot .
he is a redneck fuck this turd is the of liars and his is made up of same .
when your handles wadhwa amp the folks you claim to be helping have made stopwadhwa2015 its time to reevaluate if youre a .
trying so hard to resist the urge to smack a bitch .
i gt android kno whats in that box my nig .
i saved a bird yesterday .
lot of my peeps playing 2nite g playing against the heat my nig playing against rutgers and my girl playing in the wnba .
blessjesus amos 510 there are those who hate the one who justice in court and the one who tells the truth .
triggercheck what news .
just facetime bitch ass .
men are never emotional .
i aint bout to listen to this nigga rap about eating pussy .
zoe quinn and other female game speak out against harassment games by dean .
brendacoyt3 its my snow niqqa ampamp its for my bitches to slide to my crib .
decent trade for the yankees a proven ichiro for some .
smoke sum bitch .
these little girls at were telling me they like my socks bitch go home amp do your homework .
its yellow outside .
you are a monkey that is desperately searching for and meaning in life youd be ok with mango salsa .
crew of women hillbillies amp gangsters wthe director httptco8230 .
slingsxarrows bitches are gonna make it rain on me .
its definitely a bitch everything in life is by money such a moral .
damn who knew this whole time that i was the angry negro dude .
johnnyfootbali yeah start me as your flex player next week trick plays catching passes flipping the bird smashing asses should .
i think if my girlfriend were to get locked up shed be the first one raped pussy .
after the im actually hoping that lyn and tony go home mkr .
the met office has issued an amber warning of least its not a warning of amber word for yellow .
where my scene hoes at .
i love how people use twitter to just bitch an complain .
only blood can the hungry flames of charlie brown .
causewereguys going back to school sucks more dick than the hoes who attend it .
but is it paleo mkr .
diponline if k michelle was apart of baltimore twitter shed be one of them hoes saying shes smh .
im a dope ass nigga and these bitches hella sober .
look dude black women are you on the shitty world white maybe try .
nscottg for my small org it works well has everything to do with i love the .
you speak colored thinks i be in love .
i guess this is the night bitches die is that nigga .
for you bitch niggas out there 128527 .
jacksparenohoe hotter than a pussy in a pepper makes this shit up anyways .
fenkellpayroll yall niccas bout to blow fool lol cant wait for the world to see this detroit shit nicca .
u aint moon bitch .
oh thanks god people i dont hate mkr .
well i wish i could shoot the shit wit u bitches but daddy gotta get dis money one .
thats why im partially glad that i have to say hi ho kermit the frog here to slip into my kermit voice well .
lebronvuitton do i fuck her or feed her i hate fat thick bitches8221 .
sending someone to jail for stealing tylenol is pretty ridiculous .
making weed brownies tonight8221 goin slide me a batch .
nikaaaa3 yankees .
if you ask me every bitch gay8221 not me im all sexual wtf is all sexual if you dont mind me asking .
i had to tell a bitch i want the .
youre standing on a slippery slope where its all too easy to more for libra .
pigs drink up to 14 of water every day but they still arent as thirsty as some of you hoes .
theres a reason we started tracking all of her followers an amount of was coming from her corner .
oskzilla pussy shit .
if kanye took kim to then ya hoes don8217t deserve 200 dates .
if i wasnt in a work place id deck you aye fucking right id give you a 4 combo nd end you with an shut the fuck up bitch .
until twitter provides us with a way to filter new accounts or provides a higher barrier to these are just words that mean little .
p8952 mjg59 it goes both ways this is from a very limited sample size people are far less likely to harass on fb names .
ion know why this bitch on telling me where she be going now idgaf about chu bitch like damn .
it aint april fools yet 171igiveemnathan jay z .
if joining the army gets you bitches then to the army i go .
cut to nikki breaking a while eggs mkr .
you a bitch .
last time i saw something this long pause somebody ran into a mkr .
fantasy squad doing so trash .
tacalifornia bitch .
and they8217re retarded as fuck in general with their hope they fall off with aw but the csgo scene is growing so idk .
i hate a bitch that like to argue n .
lol i told bf i was going to stop and he in my face like bitch u dont even know me .
imneverchillin bitches hate kim k amp bring up she sucked dick too get famous yall bitches suck dick amp get a text back soooooo 8230 .
i remember a time when wus seen as being above he said he aint wan niggers wearing his .
littlenamms karonavila she doin homework you jiggaboo let her be .
never let them hoes get in between of what we started .
i told my mom she eats cereal ugly amp she gon say your a rude little bitch i just thought i should let bitch know 128514 .
lowest contestant score in this series mkr .
these hoes cant fuck wit you .
emojis off a niggabitch contact name cos they dont mean shit to you anymore 128514 .
do it you pussy .
when your ex hits you with that i miss you bullshit lol bitch 128128 .
what would yall would act like one of them nd act like we lookin for the same bitch lmao .
i got hicks lol .
honey pot is the state version of pussy .
mkr i would have done spicy mexican eggs with bacon amp roasted capsicum .
always my hoes skinny who are losing money due to therapy bills .
lolol the first thing he says .
republican teabaggers should be for .
always a good sesh wit my niggah .
so ive been pretty paranoid about the weather bringing about an of birds in austin nyc and .
and girl that pussy aint shit to me baby girl roll up and get high .
itskingdee gorgeouscamry no ion gotta do a bitch ass thang if you dont like wtf im saying unfollow me .
stfu youre a pussy sit your ass down with all that noise .
its hard getting a bitch from the hood to suck your dick on swear everybody knows she hates the light .
your voice mail little bitch ass nigga .
everybody loves dej cause thats fuck off dats my bitch .
cxarli i wear beats headphones for phone calls p .
kobe to dwight you a soft and you a bitch ass nigga lmaooo .
you dont know where your boyfriend is at on a saturday night lol he fucking other bitches thats where hes at .
i love you bitch 128536 .
sure i got a nice car a 60 inch tv steel in my apartment and a few thousand twitter followers but i aint got no hoes .
beenbasedb 8220kudabrazyy shawn amp razor both had bitches8221 had more than though .
how much you wanna bet that a black helicopter teabagger was behind the boston marathon twitchyteam p2 tcot .
this aint no bitch ass boom its click move back .
you know whos not sexist plenty of fucking people just not you bye .
mariachimacabre googlecloud yes it is unfortunate people have strong feelings and let them cloud their judgement .
ive seen soup that provide a higher quality of food seriously mkr mkr2015 .
jihadi work 13 taliban fighters killed when their .
fine chicks lap always trash .
the kick ass part of the dessert was the ass cream manu mkr .
its training charlie brown rejectedpeanutsspecials .
your a good charlie brown midnight .
joebudden i only be looking like i8217m fucking bitches8230 i don8217t tho .
those 2014 nba all star look look like the combo of a nfl jersey amp a jersey .
these bitches loud for no reason .
youfoundthecard chriswarcraft im not as young as you think i am p .
amitchellll13 hahahaha move bitch get out the .
let dem retards out to food shop one just step on my boots in da yall know not to step on a niggas shoes .
128557128557128557128557 when you go down to eat the pussy and it smells .
if only you bitches really knew .
the wasp of angry legend beat it into a .
new dress .
hate basic bitches .
rock76 just show im not playing in this bitch one false move ima spraying in this bitch 1waynostra .
i dont love these hoes8221 we .
yes i turned on filter because im trying to curse less its not working as you can see .
they had a steak category ran that bitch like a .
can these birds shut the fuck up .
my bitch get on my nerves .
where is that nigger me 10 bucks .
she must not realize that blocking people is what im famous for .
almightyvinny fucc hoes dats how i feel .
i used to be that fat bitch everybody made fun of look at me now8221 i was made fun of for being ugly 128589 .
jessycaarubi oshititslaura bitch you just an inch taller than me amp we normal height and are just some short bitches 128514 .
i think youve been enough mkr .
cuz i thought i got a wife but i picked a hoe im lovin these songs man keep it coming .
jmuggaaa thekaosyatti not looking for love one day itll find me until fuckin dese i ain8230 .
yea but who gets more bitches grandma .
west305 bored as hell shoulda answered my phone calls bitch8221 i rather be bored .
if katie amp nikki go i hope one of them give kat a left hook on the way out what a bitch mkr .
not my fault yo bitch wanna flip me .
its yo fault taking a nig out everyday .
jose is so fucking mean to me like damn bitch lol8221 fuck you .
i wonder if you females out here ever just sit around and think bout how yall hoes or how unfaithful yall really is .
i see your tweets bitch lmfao darealquitam von kick me to the curb i should call n curse her ass out .
this is fucked up lmao whore bitch which one are you cheaters better go to dead .
mcclure111 also hi i followed you because youre awesome lt3 .
nikaaaa3 youre a yankee fan youll admit it some day .
chicken fries oreo shake perfection .
kat and andre are so annoying pls go home mkr .
she let me play with her pussy then she lick it off my fingers .
she a bad bitch lets get to it right away .
yall see kid big ass black bitch .
nuteila when i die on flappy bird .
yall stay tracking pussy miles but refuse to put any effort into your own but guess whatever .
voretaq7 i had a bunch of clip on hair extensions from when i had longer hair decided to let him use them .
pussy only pussy .
ggautoblocker lots of new ill be checking this twitter account to provide support as needed .
can i bring another bitch or nah .
jimmy and performance just went live on youtube htt8230 .
these new bottoms are something else you put on your pussy for the gram ok .
drunk inlove with my gun bae bitch beyonc233 128520 .
to still a bitch though .
ayy fag you still having your party tonight weidie1211 .
money cars and clothes and the hoes lol he just want be successful lol .
real niggas treat me with respect and youre a pussy nigga .
only americans are enough to honor their war dead by having a barbecue anyone who out for day is trash .
10 paradoxicalmike 15 on average 2 but i can be an 8 when need be on a scale of 110 how ghetto are u .
lol niggas out here saving hoes 128514128514 .
so i bought condoms for my party at rite aid and the lady gave me a dirty look just now i came back and bought trash bags .
zitlalyl my dog is gonna be a bitch for sure .
anything below a a and we you ling ling .
guess who just got an apartment in downtown columbus thats right bitch you guessed it this guy .
are pet guinea pig is about to die this fucking blows .
buckm00se whiteponyjr ivanrabago when i drink some kid plus ur a faggot anyways .
dreaming of the pussy that i slept on cat nap .
can they please not say sassy anymore mkr .
i impress da young white girl next doe by taking out my giant negro thang and usin it to flip da for da .
yung berg did a bitch move 128530128514 .
kat and andre just dont deserve to be there even compared to katie cant cook and nikki hates all food mkr mkr2015 .
fucktravonn niggas madd gay teachers giving niggas pussy and they snitching incredible .
dont throw me the pussy let me come get it .
gillisseth bryce where you at bitch .
riding my with this bitch 128540 .
lmao this bitch come in the tent like she about to fuck some shit up 128557128557128557 .
just watch bitch nigga u gonna want the whole team dead .
u calling me a pussy but your the one talking shit and making excuses after getting your ass beat stfu with the talking .
yea ho .
the story is by far the story ive ever heard pussy .
pity there wasnt time for .
quan helps everyone out with random questions and computer stuff but no one can him something aint right abo8230 .
bill is still a cunt who saw that one coming .
walked in wit a new bitch on me got niggas mad but i know it .
killallsimps i had such a classic style of tweeting trolls dyke tweets lists etc its crazy how many niggas tweet just like me now8230 .
in the wit a few bitches .
white trash bash .
chillin with my main hoe .
you far asf too nigguh .
amp ima eat that pussy all filthy 128525 .
ion have hoes so really you have no reason to worry about me cheating if anything ill cheat on you with my left hand .
sure is here mattjbaldo .
proon uh i have always rescued dogs usually leo is nearly 7 better to younger dogs but ty for lecture .
its annoying when ppl follow to unfollow like bitch i was trying to be 128530 .
these hoe niggas seen half of me .
real nigs with me and i dont give a who dont .
how you doing crazy bitch is hilarious .
jillwetzler or they say things like were looking to hire more women for our world class .
why you always make my cry mkr why .
tastemygayness idc i can still get it thats my pussy .
sexist magnetic poetry strikes again .
im just cringing for the girls mkr .
fuck a bad bitch id rather have a good girl whos a freak just for me 1010 times .
deconstructed anything is just a lazy way to make a dish mkr .
cheer up charlie .
she said its ok if u let ur man punch u in ur pussy as long as he makes u cum .
call me a free bird .
i get more nudes than all you bitches 128526 .
controller .
this bitch must be stopped .
wow gets caught in a classic charlie segment after charlie comes to dc for todays gm hearing httptc8230 .
nigga was sweating like a guilty in that bitch .
are we doing mad libs now cool uh twinkie 35 long dj crystal tree .
hiphopisdeaddd cowboys trash nfl is bike to normal .
do you realize how creepy and inappropriate that tweet is .
stephenatwar me too i cant wait until im free to talk about more .
im up hoe .
i stick up for my fam dont disrespect the my nigguh and awe .
if i had a dollar for every time i died on flappy bird .
drake gets the bitches .
if anyone wants to bring me a sweet tea to my party thatd make my bday perfect well that and cracker barrel 128525128525 .
im not tongue kissing these bitches tho .
gain with mkr .
mykitchenrules favourite and cutest review so far yummy yummy yummy mkr hungrycampers .
a few teams have been caught out by the time and volume i would aim for 30 and something tasty with cheese mkr .
show changes its name to your kitchen my rules mkr .
okay ill stop being a bitch now maybe 128514 .
mkr2015 mkr .
ive decided that are retarded love .
honey bbq oreos and a glass of 2 right now im the poster boy .
mattstratton but right now im dealing with friends getting rape and death threats so sorry your anger isnt really a big deal later .
and mad hoes you can ask i get nothing butthead .
a bitch like you need to get fucked right every night .
ay cuh its hot af im finna go buy yo bitch some ice cream lol .
mrmooncricket uncleunco bobbybotsods fuckthemallcops racistnegro69 bitch im proud to be black ur a .
dont make me make you fall in live with a nigga like the birds are my favorite songs by weeknd .
0xjared zython86 mmmyers chriswarcraft a lot of us are like fuck everything im gonna yell but families are still vulnerable .
and they say can tell the difference between and reality .
82201017sqquad fucking niggas bitches man im use to it8221 .
glassresistor thereaibanksy ewwww i saw this on my phone so didnt see the army logo .
going up to the view point and seeing star child what the monkey .
niggas be having loyal pussy on call and still be thirsty as fuck like bro go fuck your woman amp get some of them hormones out lol .
90 percent yo bitch with me 100 percent that scrap with me .
dese niggaz on dat guala shit .
funniest one lmfaoooo swag bitch .
jeans are not made for everyone bitches be looking horrible .
why lie youre my nigguh 128526 .
sheseauxsaditty yall act like your pussy did something magical because a nigga suddenly didnt pull out naw he just didnt pull .
some rich pussy with some bullshit rich problem idea for an independent film .
potatoes string beans yellow rice and chicken 128523 .
i cant stand a stuck up bitch always got a attitude for no reason i dont know who hurt yall but stay tf from round me .
first i need some pussy tonight .
tears relationshipgoals thedouch3 dont call me sweetie you fucking .
8220if you want to buy anything you just talk to the bottom bitch and then the bottom bitch talks to me8230 do you know what i .
all of these quotes are from wadhwa on tldr .
i bet there are hella rednecks who just got super pissed at that coke commercial .
samzbikowski oh wait can i get that photo of me playin with side project by itself my bad yeah fob is embarrassing .
never tell a bitch that i love her .
bum bitch wont even my type .
hit my car with another rock and ill be all over your ass in no time bitch .
before i them i slit my wrist .
collegefession all you need in life is bottles bitches and life lessons sam houston state .
everyone that says is a queer .
is so over the bitches .
freebsdgirl according to su is a forprofit firm benefit on federal land .
hey im still on and it really is empty nobody to talk to except that asshole bird .
im in yo hood ill prolly fuck yo hoe .
why give a bitch ur heart when shed rather have a purse why give a bitch an inch when shed rather have 9 these hoes aint loyal .
lol 128514128557 just so u faggots know .
how is it being colored blind .
sorry me and be fucking bitches and we hella icy .
cant turn a hoe into a house wife .
wish tonight was purge so i can get to shut yo hoe ass up .
cheuya if turned off by a woman a normal human function like eating enough to her hunger you prob dont consider  .
unoriginaljohn girlziplocked ameliagreenhall .
words for my single niggaz out here too many bad bitches better than the last so never sweat a chick man they confused and thats ok .
getemcraig funky hoe you gone solo .
all a nicca need is time .
just ordered chinese food bitches bring on the cat .
y8217all saying you wouldn8217t eat her pussy more for me .
what up twats i mean 128522 .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
never trippin on no hoes .
blocked his fuzzy ignore this low life .
wbeezy my pussy dry 247 128530 .
barryclerjuste whatchu sayin hoe you know im the man hoe .
nah fuck they aint me drops ass niggas you trash at destiny if you aint at least 25 .
i take a nap and lgbt cant play video games anymore wtf .
kiefferjason u feel like dumb ass dont u pussy boy .
cant turn a hoe into a housewife .
joebudden u famous niggas ruined the game by jacking up the price on the pussy michael paul budden .
oh my god when will this show end mkr .
doctoravenue selfies are rad .
why is their whole menu dick related mkr .
best said by theres a storm bitch lmao .
mkr heading into with another instant restaurant round .
toddkincannon feminism the political ideology of bitches too fat to get in seats gt httptco8230 .
so trash .
fag .
fuck do we have to suffer annie and lloyd again fuuuuuck mkr .
you a little genius man i need you for a class so u can help a nig out but you cool af man .
vex0rian m1sp its a nice update i quite like it .
you mean trash .
is for bitches bro i .
i guess bitches got it twisted and think im weak or something do i look weak do i look scary do i look like somebody you finna pick w .
yal jus fags screen the shit out of my stories 128548 .
the thing about uber is even if it wasnt a horrible sexist shitty company i would still be against it .
she had her chance to understand but shes decided to dig in her heels whelp lesson learned eh .
miss these scary hoes .
im waiting for one but mostly im watching the timelines of those involved .
sbsylvester hunterbuch66 kiefferjason bitch thats wtf i just said and its not its chris mf .
if shes sending you nudes on snap but your not one of the 3 guys on her favorites she a .
i have class nig .
ahhh stupid bitch .
mkr as much as i dislike them that dessert does look good .
youre so sassy .
then the mexican bitch wanna speak some other fuckin language amp then give attitude cant speak right ass tf .
yes and the yankees and stalking weird people so many things .
ewww i said that last in the last sunday i was there read it again .
hey guys the mras found me oh whatever will i do as a in oh gosh plz stop such a victim .
well is giving me bae just got home from work and ima throw the pussy at him .
umm wheres manu mkr .
i could never have a bby by a lil dick thts y i got a abortion by the last bitch oh my god .
prolly not they sound like little bitches .
sigh oh colin  mkr .
breaking charlie crist files emergency motion for a .
these bitches finna fuck up my birthday week .
when a niggah think he gon come me and my bestf 128514128514128514128514 ill fuck you and her up 128514128076 .
grummz realized that no one would pat him on the back for not being an asshole but gg would worship him for joining andaasonsan shjade .
chiefkeef that pussy aint yours broski its jus your turn .
is open them hoes will let you fuck em in the ass usually an extra charge plus the rate you agreed upon .
vintage gold and diamond engagement ring yellow gold unique ring size by via etsy .
i hate when bitches keep saying yassss like like bitch u sound stupid stfu .
ghetto sour cream .
spell my name right bitch then well talk .
bobbybotsods fuckthemallcops uncleunco mrmooncricket ur weird racist bitch .
meek do some nut shit one time he a bitch i guess yall forgot all the hoe shit wale did on twitter oh ok .
u sent nudes when ina relationship or nah jazminejanay her pussy bleeding or nah .
yankees and red sox are as we play in the 2nd is watching .
they come out charlie sheen they come out coupe machine .
why you worried bout that other hoe cuz that other hoe aint worried bout another hoe .
just like fat chicks need love too i guess some type would be all over that sloppy ho .
these judges are fuckin retarded .
a 17 year old girl once out babe ruth and lou gehrig back to back and was banned from baseball for it yankees 8230 .
ampamp some of you hoes too .
theres apparently a wee cunt whos a year younger than me called sean brown being cheeky about me lol .
juss got this hoe free so why not p .
cmon girls get the gozleme on i want them safe mkr .
poonsoaker her pussy a1 if she can quote over 15 boosie quotes .
dont responses and aggressive suggest either brain damage or a need for or maybe shes just a bitch .
we use to sneak up on them cats back in wood and and toss they ass in the pool lil bitches .
i still dont understand the whole white knight things get land armor horse who wouldnt want this land in sf .
my teacher talm bout she would make every senior go to da army fa 2yrs 128530 bitch please meat doin uh damn thang .
not as bad as a former nigger that likes anime .
youre still a pussy barackobama .
bakegriffin remember when yall bitches were flower bombs around this time last year .
niggas be mentally dating females they never met before you on instagram double that ho too much mane .
put the weights back on the bitch smdh lol dick .
her pussy wet i call it water .
stupid bitches deserve to be treated like a stupid bitch .
this guy has on his serious face selfie warlords .
yesallwomen know men hate us and try to a life out from what remains when you our daily fear rage .
ill have these bitches havin every week .
djzeeti marriage not for everyone some bitches just want u to sometimes .
imneverchillin you bitches are so inconsiderate smh .
r u a faggot .
rather amused at the uneducated criticism im hearing about from gamergate they think a nonprofit means i wont have to pay taxes .
becoming a cold hearted bitch wasn8217t really what i planned to do with my life but here i am .
sschinke blackamazon shanley also sorta working with twitter on a bunch of things will get on .
jawshoeeahhh greyyygoose youre gay bitch .
whereyohussleat im going to the movies this weekend by myself no bffl no bitch no nigga just me solo httptco8230 .
good morning monday i have my truck money full tank and i didnt do any homework your my bitch monday .
yankees shouldnt on the long ball in the playoffs yankees mlb .
the wee cunt y cos he fucked my ex emma isnt the girls ive moved being a pussy n do it urself .
kxrxsxb superman man of steel emotions of bitch truestory .
you hoes love sayin you think you cute huh naa you do .
forever .
yankees that matters .
cant tell if sarcasm or clueless .
time to call hoes .
sarah pussy b like .
not that it matters but im proud of ur little ass im n old southern bitch hang n there baby .
thus you have the term redneck also the creator is not mocked good for daughter .
cheeseplus obfuscurity wsp is sigh but im just using in aws with a grafana image fuck this crap .
the has been out for 8 years collections have been out for 5 years cloud collections have been out for 1 year still shitty ui .
thoughtsofrandy im speaking on ho niggas hoe niggaz probably dont dig natural hair period .
rape is not a punch line .
gruyere is way too fancy very rich and not something many kids will enjoy mkr .
huntermoore she looks like the pussy lips are huge .
no clue who politibunny is but she just set her followers on me mention spam .
dont follow me and unfollow me you are retarded .
im not a nig 128548 .
push a bitch out a car like im gucci mane bitch .
bitches cant fuck with my bitches they deadly .
shoutout to ogmaco bitch you guessed it remix shit is 128293128293128293 .
got to 18 on flappy bird .
bitch who do u love .
this height shit aint cute at all yall some dumb hoes going out in public looking like jack and the bean stalk 128514 http8230 .
what you bitches fail to realize is these niggas dont really be moving on 9995 they still be fucking with that same bitch .
omg this movie is str8 up retarded lil actually taller den kevin hart n is a dayum .
derekisnormal a bitch is wearing a scarf today i loves me a scarf .
if you think your mans cheating you take him to that bitches house and see if his wifi .
the most broke people have the most to say bitch nigga how can you afford to speak .
wtf is going on mkr .
woridstarhlphop when your phone goes off in class and the teacher says turn that trash off but its a song from your mixtape https8230 .
ill be a dick if you wanna act like a pussy .
draws perfect name all retarded .
so when the clock hits 12 oclock imma need the baddest amp brightest hoes to be at door give my b8230 .
bleacherreport video hurt hits a over a rookie to talk trash ht8230 .
dont act all shy bitch slop that up .
all i see down my tl is naked white bitches .
i mean if i cant rank how am i going to know who i shouldnt bother feeling sorry for .
i have absolutely no hoes .
mkr the teams all gave crap scores aside from the melbourne girls ridiculous kat and andre shouldnt stay in the competition .
if a bitch would .
isnt there a law that all clam must be served im bread haha .
these bitches really love soda out here .
im waiting for all of you little bitches that whined about bush to start speaking up about obama and his wars syria .
forreal forreal i would let the of fuck my bitch they made street fighter and marvel vs .
elchavaloko whiteponyjr buckm00se ericmariners i see you guys kicked this long haired faggot out your lil video game team .
yo bitch wanna fuck the .
call my son nigger even white ppl will be uncomfortable w you call him probably can get off w8230 .
i be seein you bitches in the whip wit your boyfriend but he be lookin like your dad so i be eye ballin then here comes ole salty ass bf .
you like your lunch little bitch look what im eating cause of you .
16 hours and 7 minutes omg you guys i cant even .
knowing what you want doesnt make you a bitch it makes you a woman who wont settle for anything less than what she deserves .
amaninblack and now of ghazi are under fire by a mob that appears to have been led by you .
harleyschuder k bitch niggas .
dawg man this about to be another trash thursday night game .
no good options left indeed this president makes jimmy carter look like a so sad .
man why do these hoes even bother wearing clothes when theyre going out like that .
tehmaxh still extra work to go through most trolls move on and find new victims .
normally when kat amp andre go to its so they can enjoy some dogging mkr .
online harassment takes many forms some is actionable by the service tos or law enforcement .
mkr fark now i wish those were .
stalk aka respond to a blog post he made about me after id forgotten all about him pailofawesome professorf chrisvcsefalvay .
yeah thats my only concern being a nonprofit gives us a lot of restrictions .
niggas be in your messages like amp be on twitter like fuck bitches on nigga which one you gone be drake or8230 .
clicquotsuave 20 bitches in the lobby its plenty bitches in the lobby .
slide up on a bad bitch look good .
lol the thirst be so real on dis bitch 128514 .
sigh i need to work on building out my legal contacts to more states .
awkward but its a good case study on how fygm is common in 20s but not people can learn httptcosurqwcliou .
jihadis keep on about having shot down today what they think is an helicopter maybe it was an .
never invest money into a broke bitch .
mykitchenrules if katie and nikki scored a point for every time they called them selves pretty they would score around mkr .
thereal2raw you gay bad as fuck even though the other bitch bad you cant cheat on a lol .
what kind of is this officiallyice nope eat this pussy while im on my cycle amp call it cherry pie .
urbanengiish to lose ones face due to the force of a punch dat bitch got .
no in fact there are lots of other sexists who feel the same way as you .
that bitch is hella today someone hand her a joint .
the only person in the killing was the citizen who used his phone to record it think about that .
heilsidious you fags doin .
mommajjojo when they said lifes a bitch they really meant it .
i think i can yall go play around and see if you can find anything thats broken .
its the mkr ladies cooking up a storm already at crabfest15 .
i hate a who just tried to talk to mee ass bitch .
monkey see do .
i dont fuck wit bitches that listen to that edm shit for some reason them bitches be havin mad energy and i like to chill .
thotcho see the jumbotron that8217s where the jig is .
deconstructed lemon tart mkr .
fat bitches need love too ill fuck em 128175128175 .
someone who claims theyre a bad bitch shouldnt get offended so easily .
kiefferjason u made me drive all the way to plano then wanna bitch out .
tickets hoe .
amp blondes scored fairly that kat is still there wasnt the biggest fan of blondes but liked them more than kat mkr .
a relationship is for 2 128107 but you know some of you hoes dont know how to count .
dog government jobs is the shit i done got my last few off that bitch .
i just might buy myself an arod jersey yankees mlb .
your bitch got her lipstick on my dick .
kattwilliams i hate ghetto loud rude ugly bitches bitch you already ugly why the fck you gotta to be loud too .
metal only honkies .
man these bitches are so boring yo where the fun wild bitches at .
steadmanterri wheelerkashhh bitch .
give this one to the hot pocket hoe .
water polo is so fucking hard yeah if youre a pussy .
because she a typical ghetto .
8220whatevaittakes bout to get a breasts these bitches be in the .
nomeekjustmilz i honestly hate women who bitch amp complain about a nigga playing video games when he still makes time for 8230 .
french montana gotta give that kardashian bitch 2 mil cuz of a divorce ill never marry none u bitches .
that bitch how can she treat turtle like that .
so hoes that smoke are losers yea go on ig .
sarahjeong screenshot in case he .
trying to decide if i have time to contact police before call never thought id say this unless i was in involved .
yankees damn you the yankee game with a freaking walk off youre killing me douche .
why is no one talking about how orange pete is mkr .
i hate seeing people with money spend it on stupid shit you dont need 11 tvs amp a shark tank you twat .
notoriousbm95 shut ur faggot ass up you thirsty pussy .
mwlauthor ive mentioned before about how i bleed twitter json i could probably an api calls return value by hand at this point .
in da club makin movies i feel like tyler perry fuckin niggas like why gt married .
im pretty sure shes a bad bitch in other words shawty a dime .
i dont understand how people dont like vicki and celine theyre my kind of people although im also from sa so it might explain it mkr .
looks yummy the judges make it stressful mykitchenrules mkr .
since everything a man says is automatically true it must be really difficult for the universe to stay in order to keep up .
andreafaulds a high risk gamergate will do anything they can to try to oapi because antiharassment is a bad thing i guess .
yo wadhwa were going to save the world and social media from people like you stopwadhwa2015 .
fuck dat bitch .
if i dont like that hoe i turn her ass into a .
sharonpiggott anything deconstructed should be banned unless its a amp i can give the lemonade to my niece mkr .
that looks bad mkr .
i know right but here i am wasting time thinking hr till i start the day im retarded 128541 .
these girls eyebrows make them look like 2 hoes walking down .
where am i on this rating depends you still wearing them colored contacts or naw .
im not going to say i told you so however i will say that youll probably see this and you know my email address if you need help .
obviously strategic voting mkr .
under my your teeth smiling flash talking trash under your .
sometimes i hate being in and tweeting behind everyone mkr .
is a bitch .
on a mission to find some zebra cakes .
that bitch wanna ignore my text wait till she get off work caption this .
plz stop posting pics of me that i posted a few weeks ago i care so much about what people think of my appearance its what i live for .
omg this bitch just said some shit .
i have to dress up tomorrow for mock interviews and i still dont know how to tie the tie 128530 .
chilblane no one from ever goes they are too .
versace bird feeder .
yankee might be the best in the mlb but the road ones are the worst cc looks like an elephant trapped in a circus tent .
mkr those carrots look .
this is how you eat after me .
that bitch want my she my .
mann are first game is 3 weeks from now cant wait once a redskin always a redskin .
cheers young lady shik702 grabs and .
the worst part of buying furniture from ikea is having to bring it from the parking garage into my apartment dont wanna .
just eat his dick already drasko mkr .
i know my shoes dirty as fuck whatever bitch you dont have to negro one of the first things they look at is shoes dog .
its like christmas .
if she got the chipotle plug cuff that hoe8221 .
wyattnuckels grizzboadams glad you could get your daily dose of giggles faggot .
i keep seeing people saying this and its not a thing feel free to point out the in the tos if im wrong though .
notice i didnt tweet bytches is different from bitch my logic and it .
qmarq chriswarcraft his name is .
man fuck these bitch ass niggas how yall doin .
kxrxsxb samromero95 nigger .
a dude with money can only impress a broke bitch .
nigga dont be telling my business on this hoe lol .
no need to tweet these bitches know my status .
metroidthief freebsdgirl oh my god what if hes trying to teach women to be by getting them to tell him to go to hell .
i miss twinkies and loss to society what is next .
lmfaooooo cant trust a bitch that dont smile with her teeth .
no a dog like that needs bitches and he aint ever gonna get bitches with that on him .
you tried me hoe i can .
you always find something to bitch about .
brought to us for .
add me on snapchat bitches .
brah wiz cheated 128514128557 she had hair like a dyke uh duh .
these thots keep saying all niggas want is bitch wtf else does your broke non cooking ass have to .
so fucking proud of zoe right now and it is so weird being part of an p .
took yo bitch and gave her back my bad .
svenstweet harrydillema wltrrr d maar in j types bij by .
yooo i was thinking bout that the other day lol you only really speaking of one person my niggah .
the weeknd is why bitches love dark skin fellas now .
i love this show mkr .
okay but how many people really care if you can see a girls nips through her shirt .
bitterness is a dish best not served at all kat mkr .
realityforger ca has some interesting ways of getting around issues still other states .
i honestly dont care who goes home between annie and lloyd and vicky and celine theyre both annoying mkr .
you deserve x august alsina im that to all my old side hoes .
its not colored in dumb dick .
did we just become best friends with these hoes on the boat well probably so but we dont love em tho .
why the wifey type girls single and the hoes being cuffed though .
gov rick scott refuses to debate charlie crist because of a small fan .
good lord i never met a bitch like this before .
128514128514128514 bitch my lrt .
news 8212 democrats and 8212 jewish group joe offensive reference to httptco8230 .
they bout to try and hoe you next .
absolutely perfect day in london out be a cracker at tonight .
i was trying fuck something today and this bitch want lie talking bout his brother was on his phone lmfao i feel played .
collegefession were putting long hard dicks down our throats the least you could do is lick a little pussy .
some people are so constantly its so unattractive like if you have that much to bitch about why dont you start changing .
new show announced in lutsen mn at papa charlies on 29 2011 .
ya bitch aint bad nigga u aint got no taste .
harikondabolu thats thats right .
128514128514 somebody gonna die 128557128557128557 smco71 128514 theres a bitch on setting up a lean as we .
ceemurda94 bitch is you drunk or nah .
happy birthday little bitch8221 this made me laugh when i read it 128514128514 .
niccas be walking 4 flats to catch a nicca they kno in the club .
because is a yankees and because will never use 3 when he can use 6 .
iu 8 straight nation college soccer champions wow hoosiernation hoosiers .
message to the blow a good girl having hoes is the end they do nothing for you either .
ill likely be able to do a bit better than that but not even close to money i made as a senior engineer .
this bitch is winning with masterchef .
i need me a bitch .
what this person has done is not just an opinion im not going to get a going so im not giving .
your joke is like misogynist magnetic poetry thrown onto a fridge .
the good news is i did not see one screen grab in future mkr grab bag of .
charlie rose can you with israel not as after that national will decide not .
cperciva femfreq ah well no ones perfect .
burnt pussy lips 128514128514128514 in the blue throwing it 128527 .
i grew to hate blonde and primary colored weaves but that wouldnt stop me from some good .
got the my chevy being by my redneck friend everybodys got i need 1 they can build .
nooo supposed to kill me fag .
milfgaardian check it .
kat and andre did not deserve to get through mkr .
haha thats why i love you manufeildel mkr .
shikeattike when the neighborhood freak throw you some pussy and you dont catch it .
mykitchenrules time the texan is back baby mykitchenrules mkr .
i agree you never know she may have been begging to get dropped makes her pussy wet guaranteed she married him right after .
whoops bought hideous fuzzy boots because its cold as balls all of a sudden .
yo pussy aint shit unless you had some in it .
thelittlefella hows it taste bitch .
are you kidding me talk about mkr .
high school is tough for everyone grow the fuck up and stop being a little bitch that should be a tag line for my new speaking tour .
funny i thought tbt 90s photo this week would have you hanging me over a trash can by my ankles .
theeccles umm annie they arnt meatballs mkr .
wheres my money bitch .
its not unique its ghetto as hell .
congrats you have from dos school with flying colors gaters lt3 chriswarcraft .
messy asss bitches i would blast yall dumb bitches but im not even gon to yalls level .
but she can shade the shit out a bitch .
if i dont like who youre following i block you if gg doesnt like who youre following they go after your job .
is high on cat nip rn .
when we look at all mentions of a username including rts spacekatgal has received in the past femfreq has received 911 .
some of these hoes need to hop off those high horses they seem to be riding 247 .
just need a bad bitch thats gone always hold me down .
drinking these bitches are quite tasty .
leonarddelaney yo the tweet i made about the tetris book just got by p .
happen school will just be behaving like pussies .
128557 pussy .
time for last nights mkr catch up we now have to stomach a of 14 teams who some ive forgotten even existed here we go .
there is no in which threatening children is considered ok there is no in which triggering is ok .
will make a blog post out of the of talk slides which are limited i prefer not using slides .
russelltpot i am just saying i would beat you down like the bitch that you are then put my foot on your neck and shoot you .
did i just see a white bitch getting between her legs by a dog nasty fuck .
nothing like a little colin to cheer up this mums night after a day mkr .
omg i will just go to charlie bear to twerk team i fucks with them .
if you need me to tell you a womans privacy is fucking wrong you are following the wrong woman .
im not sexist but mary tyler gtgt .
kat and andre make me want to punch happy things  mkr .
mad as a bitch lmfaooooooo 128514128514 .
romney gone take away weave if he become president hoes gone be walkin around looking like lil bill amp .
what the did he just say mkr .
mkr is feeling a little rigged this year .
irony dead .
is it ok .
iglvzx swiftonsecurity dont forget we dont even use thats an we use svn p .
oh god no mkr .
she got the body of a faggot .
it took a while for you to find me but i was hiding in the lime dis bitch in da wrong tree bro .
yall remember that tall ass dyke named jay lmfaooo .
thevoiceofmiami if you got to have every hoe you see you a weak nigga .
i got 3 in a 24 ounce bitch .
is hillary the candidate via worldnetdaily .
press start bitch 128529 .
that was deep like yo pussy deep .
but they have to follow not lead women know the issues they face better than men listening is important .
no one told me the military is the worst place to be a bitch trying to get all emotional babe .
all a nigga need .
when your at the and they tell you your will be ready in 15 mins wtf bitch its been 30 .
this bitch is awesome 128588 this .
sometimes i dont know what colin is saying mkr .
well that is interesting mkr .
the trick of reality tv is making tacky bitches seem classy amp real women with real into its a 8230 .
bout to unfollow all the bitches i follow currently and follow all new bitches i need change in my life and i feel like thats a good start .
kike your a soft nigga 128514 .
creating a reporting system is difficult because of the human and level of bias that is involved .
im an 18 year old gay driving through the back roads of redneck virginia blasting girls if that doesnt scream what does .
greyyygoose jawshoeeahhh no bitch lol .
kalikushdoll dropping all these hoes .
why the fuck are the yankees throwing batting practice tonight holy shit .
have you heard shit featuring the boy by chase on soundcloud .
hate to sound all peta and had it a lot worse than the injuns .
ur fucken lame bitch 128536 .
i need me a real loyal ass bitch .
was in kimball gym today boy if they had the kimball it that hoe it wouldve been stupid .
them bitches prolly had to pay beyonc233 100 million to perform 5 minutes 128530 .
guy whose car we blocked in .
like honestly if you are embarrassed to be around someone because of how they look youre trash .
thedoubleclicks oh i didnt know you were coming to sf im 5 minutes from sf via bart .
im so excited about this were already doing some great things and i cant wait until im able to tell you more .
pussy will always be my fav iggy song like how do you not like a song that just says pussy amounts of time .
all yall some hoes tbh .
hope this bitch is prepared for the of what she did .
both but that was the old me lol u be havin bitches on deck for the sex or its a new joint every time .
nah we still up tweetsnochill all the flat booty bitches asleep yet or nah8221 nope we outchea .
nice profile pic fag .
dont acknowledge these hoes .
all bitches is crazy .
chef i rather see wifey happy then see a hoe naked common sense niggas treat hoes better then the one that loves them and been the8230 .
how you invite me over to fuck but i can smell yo pussy from across the room man aint that dinner she cook then .
from that point should saw how i treated that bitch fucked her now lose my number i aint answering shit .
i just seen the ugliest bitch in commercial history on monday night football .
thanks to tonyjrodriguez i have learned way more than i ever wanted to know about birds .
wow that excuses your sexism .
love birds .
tpstigers gdc has been amazing weve been waiting for this .
some people do shit to get shot at and then be like people hate me i dodge bullets karma is bitch .
im watching it happen im watching the numbers climb this is lawandordersvu .
colonelkickhead kat is going to be so smug shes going to be declared the particularly smug of on the of m .
im just gettin started oh yeah we got it bitch .
how you livin hoe .
that son of a bitch moment when your walking through your house in the dark and your little toe on the wall .
man talk to em of course nothing is wrong with if you like trash food .
social network got bitches heads like 128553 .
fuck the cowboys the giants the redskins eaglesnation .
49ant down ass bitch aaron girlfriend lied to grand jury 29 times .
why do they like lamb and leftovers in disneyland mkr .
so that history test made me its bitch haha .
so this ape can get a mcm but i cant unbelievable .
i am out i cant listen to joe bitch about things he did himself and tell half msnbc your viewers deserve better morningjoe .
theonlyreed lmaooooooo aint fuckin no bitch with doo doo in her butt while im the fuck .
femfreq youre .
wodaeeex3 yu betta watch cho mouf bout dat one dea hoe .
this ugly bitch need to get a new name tho you dont look like me you dont have as much followers as me killer bitch .
ash is back mkr .
you giving me head tonight or nah 8212 ill shoot your fucking pussy hoe .
i got more private tracks than public on my soundcloud i needa finish these joints so i can sick em on yall hoes .
so i you to not support any of her projects if youve already towards her book pull out this is horrible .
fucking on the first night dont make you a hoe 9995 .
you a hoe .
so this happened .
charlie day .
to get with a hoe you just need to be cute have muscles dress your ass off swag or talk a good game .
steveworks4you tedcruz ted lol lol lol lol omg lol lol lol lol lol you are a funny ass lol lol lol lol .
you dont love her if you keep a couple other hoes on the side .
theres other bad bitches 128514128514 .
this song is the truth i wanna fuck your bestfriend for one night you think that bitch yo bestfriend but she be all on me .
gewt sfthewolf mine is definitely i quite like it stand is kind of meh but the device itself works fine .
i dont think misogynists have figured out that saying they wont want to have sex with you is only a bonus for not shaving .
dumb ass bitch i swear .
cooliegbe300 i hate when niggas be all on the blunt like they eatin pussy amp have the nerve to try amp pass it im good nigga i8230 .
american government no a new generation of pussies .
a white lighter is bad luck not yellow ur stupid .
kat amp andre should be disqualified as theyre giving people low scores on purpose mkr mkr2015 .
djzeeti this nigga tried to hate on me to a bitch and she told this im that nigga .
never take a bitch where you stay never keep work where you lay .
coleycee lt new avi me ampamp my two yellow bitches nofakingg amp lilaerii .
its my brother weekend bitch .
kingtunchi i only fw grown hoes .
youre going to hurt their narrative p .
got a iphone for business but the is for the bitches 127926 .
sammiboyden savanigga know dude i just went off on his ass im done with that faggot .
lets do this .
its some hoes out here tonite amp i got shawty wit me .
baby i can make that pussy rain often .
these hoe ass niccas talkn shyt about a nicca make a nicca wanna go and snatch the bitch up outta nicca .
it aint nothing to cut that bitch .
jundishes get a can of wasp spray it shoots out 20 feet and cheaper than bear or works just as good .
bubble and squeak or terrible and shit thats the question mkr .
1017sqquad no i want 1 billion dollars 4 bad hoes from da and a fine ass bitch but none of8230 .
nobody ever got famous by being a whiny bitch either change the things that make you unhappy or be a whining .
why you think ol niggas wit no money dont even care about swag rockin sandals wit straps they aint checkin for bitches .
they trying to hoe todd gurley johnny manziel signed them helmets and got off but gurley the rest of season .
this hoe car smell like nigga let off a sweet potato bomb in her shit .
in a relationship theres gonna be bitches badder than yours or niggas doing better than your nigga thats where the .
riot mkr .
all a nicca want is some island and tho .
hoes will be hoes nd ratchets will u know .
destiny will make its bitch .
128514128557 lmfao wtf kinda pussy my mom think i got buying this shit 1285309995 .
i would hate to have you bug your parents for their credit card .
im just a average nigguh who chasin his money amp dreams while tryin stay out of trouble .
kingjames is such a hoe wear your shoes ya big bitch you missed the couch shot ray allen you out pussy .
really tired of having a constant bitch face .
stfu bitch .
these hoes aint loyal .
this bitch thought she could cut my dick off .
watch excited isis jihadis getting their yezidi sex slaves on distribution day httptcon9exnuvhks tcot lnyhbt pjnet tgdn gop .
youve known them a fkn week mkr .
i would reply with the red emoji but im not a nigger .
pull up eat on that pussy and .
that bitch lookin all in the car u know her8221 .
sbsylvester how could i be a fag but i like bitches please tell me .
i dont change my views to get money thats not how this works peerworker .
now they cheating bitch yall defense sad as the fuck they about to cheat .
maybe im the one maybe im the two maybe im the nigguh that you call when youre through .
i was kidding guys i dont have hoes dont let lov3tadaisha lie to yall .
former star charlie king comes out congrats and welcome to the family .
it is so tempting to wear my wonder woman outfit under my normal clothes today cape management on bart could be .
raikonl finaleve mja333 discrimination .
so glad i found a good girl and dont have to deal with these wild ass hoes they have nowadays ratchets .
the markov bots are on a roll this morning .
anthonycumia enjoy happy for i hate the yes the sox did choke .
if youre only way of trying to make me feel bad is by calling me a fat bitch whore etc then you should rethink your life .
happiest ever .
its another form of abuse but more because the think they are the heroes of this story .
i just getting started oh ya we got it bitch .
not true every man has hoes bye .
look at this bad bitch racheldority .
i know when i see hoe .
this was my shake that monkey .
vivalaquintaa agreed eating pussy is so much both nasty .
say sass one more time mkr .
i hate a trash bad bitch .
black girls are so funny why cant you talk its pathetic dick riding die hard fan rofl you disgust me retard .
last retweet .
u know this bitch hard .
so people cant parent twitter is fuckin trash .
jayreidofficial jus know so to my nicca imyungjay .
suzannecarbone update launch into mkr chef pete evans paleo cookbook for kids httpt .
kiefferjason bitch i dont wanna talk i wanna fight your pussy ass .
cage dusty secret scroll it says here james madison was a whiny little bitch .
girlziplocked ameliagreenhall sigh he accused me of racism for what i have no idea .
a nicca still tired from last night wtf .
all babies are born because they come out of the hospital in beanies .
photo he is in sole heaven .
the question alone kfromtheg what city got the most bitches with gold teeth .
the lit bitch thats was talkin shit aint in math class today 128529 i really wanted to press my issue .
i wish bitches would be straight up wit their friends and tell em they look ugly when they really do and not say they cute 128530 smh .
another season of retweeting every one of nikaaaa3 s yankee tweets 128514128514128514128514 .
i have no on linking to the articles where he stated he was backing out they were an attempt to save face not an apology .
i feel the warm .
when i be seein y8217all runnin back and to woyke and shit i be jesus i is colored .
love everyone but please dont let sheri and emilie go to mkr .
my little sisters kik name is thot ass all my sister have to be freak hoes .
you ball hogging bitch pass it to your fuckin if you want to win .
ericmariners maniac3x this hoe wasnt loyal .
and ive had enough unfollowing dat ass bitch .
the ape was like oh you niggas gon learn today 128557128128 .
cant wait 2 see my bitch .
wtf mine was just a fried twinkie w powdered sugar i got .
these hoes aint loyal .
eagles till the birds kick some .
ugh these killerblondes are killer boring and whats with spreading their dna all over the table unhygienic and gross mkr2015 mkr .
if u gon be wit ur bae even if he or she cheat just shut the fuck up and take the dick or pussy after all aint nothing better then love .
started off with a up riding fo up to that club like ho you dont know .
why are nudes called nudes i would rather be like hey girl send me the tits and ass hoe .
back on twitter just for mykitchenrules mkr .
pussy amp .
colin gave me feelings as he walked out then not sure if good or bad mkr .
omg if goes to bsdcan theres going to be trouble lt3 .
cause all my life i was told and taught i am not shit by you wack fucking giant of lying dog shit now you shut up bitch .
mykitchenrules omg they have been double sasweethearts mkr .
im still at the stage where ive given up on finding a good task list app that fits with my so i use a .
im finna eat some pussy8221 lmao .
trying to download ios 8 but my phones a bitch .
skawtnyc amaninblack chriswarcraft i saw .
da bitch got scared and couldnt take it no mo but ya boy was fo dat noooooooo https8230 .
only a black man can make you feel inferior to a hoe with a 20 gpa and no future simply because she has a fat ass and8230 .
bobbybotsods mrmooncricket fuckthemallcops uncleunco no u eat it inbred trailer trash .
theonlyreed i know ya friends tellin u leave me for good but fuck them hating ass hoes babe .
barbod6fcb u lame then a bitch get the fuck with that gay shit .
happy hour time best time of da day8221 niggas dont know bout them happy hour hoes .
try to me and we tweakin hoe .
im not sexist but this is too funny not to share .
what happened in mkr i was at soccer .
big booty sour face no hair or she a hoe .
can be a bitch .
why do females think its cute too be rude af all the time and mean for no reason that shit aint cute bitch .
friendlyassh0le these 13 yr old bitches really got that minimum wage nigga alex thinking about starting a clothing line im done with 8230 .
i have to tell you a a stupid hoe .
eatmytweetzz text me we dont hoes watching .
definitions mean jack actions do .
wheres this bitches parents tho go home you thot .
whatever the hell that means but i swear to god im not sexist but this often happens with female gender at all .
inthekcmix the last planet of the apes with my kids its been a minute .
joey badass said traded in my nikes for a new mic i guess its safe to say he sold his soles for a new life .
07cannon fuck you mean macklemore trash nigger .
all these bad bitches man they want the .
22 but we make it and this bitch sits on the couch and turns on ice age the movie and asks us if were hungry like we arent t8230 .
gotta keep fighting bro hoes just trying to bring me down .
i starting laughing worked bc i think its funny that you phone in trash over butchered subtweet .
yeah i checked my i have fucking wifi did you check if you were being a lil bitch nigga .
let him fuck his side hoes in peace smh wish my boyfriend would respond to my texts .
when a bitch asks to eat your ass .
my nig yes black people live in wisconsin lmao da shit out me too .
get that degree first bitch .
when u love her none of them hoes matter .
have they seen planet of the apes brazil has the highest number of monkey species of any nation in the world with .
whoever came up with that i dont have no exs sayin mustve been a hoe .
im not gone see your baby monkey lil ass anyway funky ass .
10 birds your may never see thanks to climate change climate .
grant bitches more than a 14 year old white bitch .
lol one day they gonna have a have a golden of me lickin da shit out of some pussy in my 8230 .
calling it am early night is a bitch broken .
yall tweet the same shit everytime i get back on this bitch .
when you know for a fact you got a woman who loves you other bitches dont even matter .
youve got to be fucking kidding me halletecco wadhwa jason .
the walking dead is trash is all 128514 .
you colin pete can just into his spittoon mkr .
lol now all ya need is sum abs pussy boy .
thats a markov bot not a human .
yo bitch dont avoid me he wanna spoil me 128517 .
i need to just switch to an github but i dont want to pay because im cheap .
bad lil bitch aint never seen her .
pull my panties down with ur teeth and write the w ur tongue on my throbbing pussy .
those ratchet broads dont represent me but your white ass cant talk trash about them cause you on racist shit black .
on flappy bird suck my dick and lick my balls swag .
being a feminist can be so incredibly fucking lonely .
these hoes got no chill .
its bout that time were i feel like a hard working woman and a stripper hoe by night dont judge me .
lol me next time bitch .
looks like lennyfinnegan2 let his cat on the keyboard again .
pancakes a winner with the kids mkr .
royals when niggas try to act hard but really be bitch made 128514 .
causewereguys its bros before hoes not bros before your girlfriend if you find a good girl she needs to be put above everything t8230 .
yall bitches need to .
lildurk dese hoes be actin up .
mkr because 5 minute add breaks are just the best .
walk out that bitch like just murdered that test .
so glad to see all the other teams back its like one big happy family mykitchenrules mkr .
basic bitches everywhere .
my mother even his bitch ass ctfu .
yall take note there aint never where colored folk live .
i cant help but notice you to avoid your very hairy pussy .
i am that queer charles and no it wasnt me .
1stblocjeremiah that hoe i heard she give uh nigga good ass education lmao .
kylecrilly92 yesyouresexist youre just upset cause youve not got a dick .
charlie sheen is engaged to a porn star i cant be the only one thinking she can do a lot better .
badcathal yep because native womens concerns are not a feminist issue thanks white man .
why do bitches stand like this she wanted to be in smooth criminal video so bad .
mkr bar and .
hobsondarlene blessjesus amos 33 can two walk together unless they are agreed .
basic bitches amp lame niggas lt .
these bitches love soda .
im soo loving the show mykitchenrules mkr melbourne .
yo own sayin you a bum bitch .
yes you .
please dnt take no pictures please dnt take no pictures especially with my jewelry on man these hoes so .
mkr view here httptcoetrq4qxjih .
fucking trash .
i know right just shoot them all get it out of the way mkr bored .
the same bitches telling you to let it go are the same ones that would go in and grab it right after .
yaremisxo 8220donquixtote yaremisxo actually i take that back 128530 you niggas aint loyal im loyal nah negro nah .
im still not 100 certain this is happening but the between sending a tweet and seeing it appear is far too long .
i luv watching gas monkey they be havin some on there .
yeah i tried and you bein all blind and shit lol peace .
i be using these fufu bitches 128514128514 .
if you not my bitch i really dont care 128076 .
text me my phone being a cunt whore .
will go 02 in cant lose races wow just wow bostonglobe charlie baker for governor htt8230 .
im boutta a nigguh .
this fuckin bird .
even though my baby is an invisible non bitch .
in my 25 years ive supported more niggas and bitches and they kids and well my has died .
mkr and goggleboxau can both go fuck them selves .
lol you tell that bitch .
these bitches singing this song tho .
woohdakidd74 128514128514128514 dat shit crazy a nicca use to wear dat shit fr .
kat and andre suck they deserve to go home not the girls mkr mykitchenrules .
some people are handed a bar of gold and all they can do is bitch about how heavy it is .
128514128514128514 a2dao when a dyke get pregnant by mistake gtgtgtgtgt .
justlaurenb bowtieguy14 thegags29 mylostgadget mt89 .
its not close at all mkr .
dammit kat and andre are safe not happy mkr .
oh shut your will its hardly a surprise mkr .
i hate when females try to sound like bird heads .
can you let me stretch that pussy out or .
done with all the riff raff bitchin with your bitch .
fuck all the skinny bitches nickiminaj neverforget 128557128128 .
infiniteclock i get 20 a day mostly from indian people no clue why .
ray j is the perfect example of what happens when you give a lame nigga some pussy .
lmaoo youre the pussy who will call the cops also if i wanted to find yu i would but im not gonna waste my time with you .
do i support killing terrorists yes will i still mock hell yes .
y u not on the monkey bars too lol .
if temple beats rutgers today i will be a happy clam .
never give the next bitch an opportunity to prosper off of your name .
glennf ran it by lawyer as well as far as me promoting my personal funding sources in the meanwhile being very to keep it legal .
thotcho bitch ill end your fucking life you a .
lil dumb ass bitch i aint fucking with you .
who the fuck watches that trash .
3 amo los fuck yeah .
every .
tbt halloween 2011 a hoe and her pimp daddy .
1x the yellow by gilbert .
i can confuse you in an even better way colin mkr .
schulzgrayson dswizzle3 if your going to talk shit at least back it up and fight bitch ass nigga i swear u niggas from are fake pussy boy .
itsnotharold ive noticed that it mostly be the bitches whose hair dont even reach their that talk the most shit .
supposedly battery life amp display .
he gets this attitude from brittany and its for the birds .
theomaxximus i can post a picture of at like 5 in the morning and the little nigga will favorite and retweet that hoe .
know you dont like me yo bitch most likely .
kendrick is not better than papoose or drake .
lmaoo think i want this bitch ya me but thanks hold up who u fighting 128563 .
if your dont like or talk to that bitchnigga you dont talk to that bitchnigga .
blackamazon im tired of folks pretending they act right when woc are in danger .
british lads will and steve are taking on the mykitchenrules instant restaurant tonight and theyre on now mkr .
who the fuck still plays flappy bird flappy bird feels like .
all black girls are ghetto though .
if bitches are thirsty but you hungarian .
all the money in the world couldnt get you a real bitch priceless .
lmao he lyin sis his bitch told me if any light in the whole wide world light up today i ca fuck .
my mains riri22barbie yessssss ladykimora turntup vegas bitches 128525128525 .
ughsickoe how the bitch ear get burnt .
ive got literal in my mentions ten bucks says twitter enforcement does fuck all about it .
check out the homie renz360 for that sole sauce that stuff does renz360 .
you said good bye dumb bitch snd i said is it with you white have nothing for you vampire lover of blood .
the redskins trash as fuck for not getting that .
never seen a nigga get laughed at when he got his test back and it was an a on that bitch .
i am woman hear me bitch .
wigga32 cant dm wigga cause i cant even get a follow back 128528 .
peat i am because ive verified my numbers when i was monitoring more than this .
ova bitches trade ya clip for pom poms .
1996 and 1999 world series yankees .
kat missed the op to herself in the kitchen but also in the character mkr .
another instant restaurant round wtf mkr .
bruh leave it to the coons .
bitches be hating 128514128557 .
putin making barackobama look like a bitch on foreign policy .
cant take compliments dont want to be harassed .
chocolate dipped oreos 128523 .
okay dont reply then i didnt want you to anyways bitch .
i cant fuck with girls that talk about their pussy on social media .
you may not like my stance on cops but i didnt and would not call you a cunt please stop copying me on these tweets .
im not a nigglet 128532 .
i have no idea how anyone is seeing blue at all i see no blue .
charlesbwaffle these bitches need guidance .
what a disgraceful episode of mkr hope kat and andre fail and that smirk is wiped off their face mkr .
you unfollowed me you dumb cunt dont blame you .
trash about us and your from another conference you can say goodbye .
doctorow im in the security area of where they have told me my is to be tho no one will say .
hey colin youre a knob mkr .
have to go with the slant pass to your outside linebacker in that situation .
4th and long bitches .
stop being a bitch and speaking on my name little girl thank you .
why all ghetto chicks gotta smell like or that cucumber shit bath amp body works .
when i was in hs we had a dance team and then we had the them hoes was ghetto as shit but they kept the rally .
whereyohussleat smh they gotta grow up 128514 at least you know these bitches want to be you i swear 9994 .
dis morgan hoe in da middle of .
damnitcorn this bitch does so as fuck was up you a big bad man crying like a bitch .
callmerenee up bitch .
u both sorry to give racist sentedcruz a platform w his trash language dana ur was below kindergarten level .
kevinthegee kevinthegee finished the essay and the job bud proud of you .
p8952 mjg59 so in short theres just not enough data to tell .
murda gang bitch its gang land .
trey songz reply to nicki minaj gtgtgtgt that nigga spoke the truth on looking ass bitches lmao i knew someone was gonna 8230 .
lots watching mkr who are oblivious about where tin for their phones and computers come from ignorance is bliss .
anxiety is such a cunt .
jaredchase i kept being the last person alive and damage its like what this isnt hard .
these pussy ass niggas aint bout that life .
kat and andre do not deserve to be in the competition i guess as soon as colin tastes their food hell fix that for me mkr .
peerworker evvykube nope you keep saying that but we both know youre lying show me where i called you stupid .
this fucking bitch rachel needs to die please .
no girls no hoes just me myself and i .
lmao that bitch saw the camera amp looked up at the big screen n then .
welcome to our instant restaurant mean sassy mkr katieandnikki .
these bitches love sosa .
skawtnyc athenahollow twoscooters please stop including me in that post i use it for reference but i used to live with her and we .
so jealous of my parents and bryce gone to rednecks with paychecks for the weekend i shouldve gone 128520 .
let this white boy be .
can this bitch sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up .
why yalls aint do nun when the fat bitch jumped on me yall a .
dis bitch gots .
theonemissluu this is true that bitch has two accounts .
good morning twitter make today a positive one if you cant do that beat up as many as possible also i hate flappy bird .
bitterchick yall be some crazy white bitches i wants to lay down wit you .
if you know he has a girlfriend dont be that little bitch respect it and move on .
hollapalooka thequinnspiracy im not giving a talk .
srhbutts gamergaters trying to their nonsense to people on news the replies are amusing lt3 .
my prediction for tonight is fail mkr .
my cousin bio on her instagram light skin dark skin brown skin bitches holla at me she funny as hell .
rule has thrown quite a monkey into viewing schedule 8230 .
mkr clearly places actual cooking ability way at the bottom .
i been theses hoes since 128514 .
yea you bad but hoe so what .
dnt blame niggas when a female see ya hoe ass ways go listen to some money .
i love flirting with money dont no other bitch get my time or my .
tehmaxh you dont have to have a phone to get you have to have internet which is also required for twitter .
apparently sass is what keeps you in the competition rather than the basic skill of cooking mkr .
i want to beat this bitches ass soooo bad .
blows my mind how some guys have these model type girls then cheat on them with some ghetto hoe .
cant sleep and came across this mkr mykitchenrules mkr2015 .
wbeezy its simple dont be a worry about being exposed 128540 fight me .
like my 3rd grade teacher used to say you either eat pussy or you are one whats it gonna be jbilinovich jzolly23 .
lol im out here curving bitches like im taken .
how is it fucked up you fucking retard ray rice yet supporting chris brown whos a women thats logical .
if you feel gotta party every weekend for entertainment ima just assume you embrace in activities .
free patterns adorable flower bumblebee and hat .
cant even spell right you have the brain of an ape .
this ma niggah 128076 .
building a really makes me an ice cold glass of pussy am i right dudes .
have fun with your ratings fall .
prime suspect of foley murder is british jihadi who wait for it declared his to anonymous httpt8230 .
im pretty sure you meant mras at the top there .
emoji im about to fuck her right in the pussy .
puss or pussy .
yes i will be the names .
mkr hey voice over man your so over the top now seriously youre taking the piss eh .
fuck yo bitch ass .
i would pay money to see celine and the mother eliminated mkr .
aint for everybody either jus like certain niccas cant hoop or play football certain niccas cant hustle .
can kat and andre shut the fuck up like how selfish are you mkr .
spitting on people just shows you werent raised right in another words its a bitch nigga victorsmith90 .
not playen that side niggah shit with mine .
yankees will never have someone wear a single uniform again after this wow shows that is an epic organization .
and he most certainly is whens the last time an athlete said of a male ref this might just not be for him the slam is pretty .
karlosbudah free the 1stblocjeremiah realniggasherm we in this bitch solid first block us .
bitch asss lol .
missclarolyn that entre looks foul gtlt mkr .
awe hell nah me and are bad bitches come fuck with us .
how many hoes do i have o1228812288122881228812288o1228812288122881228812288 o1228812288122881228812288o12288122881228812288 12290122881228812288 .
tf do i look like delivery bitch or what ahaha .
tanks a lot dare mr i love my uncle tom .
on point .
there will be track during this yellow .
all these bitches fake if you ask me .
this show is going to air until christmas isnt it mkr .
i never put no hoes b4 my bros .
loyallamb85 i still remember that time left me a vile voice mail he was angry called me a ho and everything lol .
ok so i want the gozleme amp jac amp pancakes mkr .
finally running the game and everybody trippin now but ion give a fuck i got their bitches drippin now .
you gotta have ya really need is dam yankees .
i cant fuck with you no mo hoe and im sorry .
bro what in the fuck yall bitches thinking that is not ok .
these hoes gon come ampamp go i feel it8221 .
mkr if i had immunity id cook poo sausage .
charlie crist doesnt have any more political parties to join but he could become a for a fan company .
guys calm down it was a joke .
secretgamergrrl iglvzx no not really if i wasted all my time paying attention to gamergate i wouldnt get shit done .
mkr is closed our first sudden death cook off will happen on monday night and there will be chaos and a horror dish .
we know you fat hoes are not big your jus fat af .
thevoiceofmiami fellas would you shit on a bitch if she asked you like that biggie skit ill take my dick and go home .
i for one welcome our new eastern and hope they do a better job than the who got us here in the first place .
after the leg workout i was put through today walking up the stairs is a straight up bitch ouch .
kiefferjason u will see it on saturday and if u dont show up then your a bitch made nigga pussy ass nigga .
elisepalmer im assuming mickey bubbles .
kiefferjason bitch wtf r u talking about and why tf r u still talking shit but not doing no action no thank for proving my point pussy boy .
you girls needa stop with the damn near got catfished a week or two ago and the bitch keeps her way .
dont trust hoes they aint loyal .
uceina nawwww if you a hoe you sittin on the floor and not my damn but your birthday is in feb or nope .
is there an mkr anonymous .
hot isis social media photo laughing jihadis get baby to kick severed head 8211 warning graphic tcot pjnet .
chriswarcraft as someone that is continuing to be harassed by ed since it was formed over a decade ago can confirm .
a bitch can have two black eyes bloody lip scalp bleeding bruises and a broken arm and still be like but i love him lmao .
his bitch wan fuck me cuz he sneak dissin me 128520 .
bad bitches is the only thing that i like .
i want a blunt pizza and pussy8221 .
yall bitches fake 128514128557 .
neymar fell like a bitch .
just touchdown on pussy nigga .
mwlauthor bsdcan has three from women all are good two of them kick hardcore kernel .
as if women needed more reasons to dislike you .
just might fuck yo main bitch dats just how i feel 128520 .
taxstone if i look at my bitch she better shut up aint no arguing with niggaz in the street or social networks .
bigshaadswerver alejandrobihhh i havent seen that hoe .
me and paul thinkin bout gettin rentals for da weekend shit bitches betta stay out da streets .
wifey means the pussy good right now but you gotta go in 2 .
stop lettin them messy hoes mess with your business .
person my new years resolution is to not be a jackass to everyone me yeah and im going to buy a ps3 im not retarded .
wadhwa thinks women only disagree with him because they want attention stopwadhwa2015 .
wheres the part where fat amy goes err wop .
one room full of bad bitches lmao cant believe im kicking it with my mains from myspace .
you drink light beer what a pussy .
bitch back up im taken .
the steelers new uniforms look like homosexual bumblebees wtf .
i dog hoes not one but all hoes .
im sick of dudes posting videos of them singing on vine do that shit in the shower or something fags .
mykitchenrules double elimination or a challenge elimination mkr .
in a movie everybody aint the star need co stars and i hate hoes that take pride in being the other .
kimberlyyaye leslieeeixta i think i did my job here to you bitches 999665039 .
torahblaze a captain save a hoe just jumped in the convo to save these hoes lls .
debating feminism with a gay professor uninformed girls and low iq rednecks is not my idea of a fun wednesday night .
last thought before bed in 92 we had a mock election in 3rd grade and i voted for maybe i related to his .
dont put too much effort into these bitches if you aint gettin none back give them exactly what they give you .
on a plate for real mkr .
maxmayo77 sexy lad with hot soles and .
yankees recap in epic ending derek jeter his last game in bronx with a walkoff httptco8230 .
im really enjoying how one of the product images is just a stick of gum also theres flavored please let there be a pic .
michigan is a big state the hoes on twitter and instagram make just it smaller .
you egg spam bitch .
thecoreyholcomb people who r mentally know when to beat their kids amp when to talk to them clubs hoes amp stop by dads should n8230 .
attempts at pushing uplay is .
when you hoes gone learn second place dont get a prize .
i really hate when i dont get a response back to a text message like a bitch aint see it or sum 128545 .
some scandalous hoes then lmao .
if im sharing my nigga with every other bitch why tf do i want him he aint no longer special the heck .
i think even has class in the way he talks trash .
and i gotta say i dont like this ashley omfg creepy psycho bitch .
good news no more voting from teams mkr .
omg yall should see this bag of weed dog this bitch like a 3 fasho 128553128514 .
thanks pete totally dont feel bad about using my fingers to get my food on my now mkr .
majority of it is trash anyway .
thequinnspiracy i am hyping the fuck out of this by just being honest and people are setting timers and stuff .
one things certain were pretty sad we wont get to sample the bbq breakfasts which team would you head over to first mkr tvweekmag .
its so wonderful when you meet a dude thats not a bitch ass nigga these days 1285148221 .
is it weird that 1st time i saw on twitter i was like thats usually its the other way around .
we dont want yo bitch mane we just wanna have fun with her .
yall bitches be coming up with some dumb shit what the fuck is fleek 128529 .
omg seriously do bitches still love sosa .
when life gives you lemon tart instagram photos of them and add lemons and mkr  .
kelly im really disappointed in you can disappointed wadhwa be a meme .
it does work for everything .
coleycee yes bitch i do realize dat .
i am not the current sysinstall my sysinstall isnt even in use anymore p .
mkr awww no modelling tonight .
these hoes needa stop tryna split relationships and get theyre own damn man .
jonrosenberg what are your thoughts on a comic as a image to tweet with to source .
beardyblue possibly p did it go to my personal email or oapi .
dumb bitches are one thing thatll never become .
kiefferjason wtf u think u ole pussy ass nigga .
aninkyaffair i am jealous .
like snoop said in 94 we dont love these hoes .
where all my yankees fans ny yankees fitness .
8220beautifulkeezy im so winning 128525128525128525 bitch .
amp als je over tweet maar er amp je hoe of wat .
we have a project that could lead into a military program but requires a full op mock up for .
if were at the bottom of the were going home clever mkr .
leave the to bitches .
im back to square one no bitches no weed a lotta hang ova .
everyone thinks of you as a hoe so idk why youre trying to talk 128514128514 .
nobody want a nigga to take them out on an expensive date just dont expect pussy cause you took the girl out like tf .
these bitches dont care they just play that role .
mmm chicken liver good luck with that mkr mykitchenrules .
so both your attitudes and your speech come from the stone age yesyouresexist haha make me sandwich .
the yankees of football was the funniest part of your latest video sincerely all of .
you cant be ugly and a shitty fucking person pick a struggle bitch .
boys are dumb no faith in boys bitch shut up youre in high school acting like this is going to be the person you .
only one current yankee sells only one current sells only one player on each la team sells most teams have 0 yeah .
dril of burning medical waste into the side of someones house for having a bird feeder on their porch fucking bird8230 .
if you got charge a nigga up for tryna talk to your chick you really a insecure faggot and have no control over her .
we aint friends hoe .
this ho on lifetime cray .
jwill252 we got a win my nicca lmao .
cant wait to see my bitch .
fake niccas aint far dog they right in ya face .
cleanup bitch i just got off the phone with em .
what are you doing tonight pussy .
new show announced in lutsen mn at papa charlies on december 11 2010 .
all people ever do on twitter is bitch get a mother fuckin .
this bitch aint got a bit of sense lmaoo .
humanity really needs to get past this whole slow down and stare at the scene of an accident ape mentality we have .
seriously these animal crackers have a fruit its really fucked up it should not be this way but it is .
feebee63 a 1 you are real arseholes mkr .
haha my little chickeny thing mkr .
duh aka shitty nights city nights is hella ghetto .
how good would sudden death be with annie amp lloyd vs kat amp andre mkr .
mkr gimme a break boys .
is this hoe gone dm me back .
why do visiting teams whine about right field as if it is longer for their yankees .
when im drunk i just want to give all the women hugs you are all great and i your strength now i must pee again .
let me make this perfectly fucking clear every female major target of gamergate is seeing a more mentions tonight lawandordersvu .
that hoe that you in love with thats that hoe i mess around with .
saves you a brownie .
fuck these bitches they all the same .
residinero we some hoes bruhhh lol .
fritters and salsa and maple bacon where do i vote mkr .
thank you everyone that pointed out its from shake it off this video is my new favorite thing .
im a south side niggah fuck around fuck around .
go to sleep niggah lol .
thats my lil nigga in the middle i was locked wid bitch .
or just another round mkr .
soon weve been working on it gotta move fast .
mkr how the fuck do you fuck up breakfast .
bigboybeezy pick one the girl behind the bar who aint being a hoe .
im tokyo but i get higher than a jet killing these dog ass hoes had to send em to the vet produced by .
i dont care what they is they can catch them hoes .
love that .
im in this bitch i do my 128079 .
what now bitch .
pistol whip my shoot yo bitch club be and im okay with that .
causewereguys flirting with bitches on a twitter like .
dswizzle3 yea thats what i thought pussy boy u r a fucking thot .
eternalhbic porno hoes funny af bc theyll still be like u like this tight ass pussy even tho the dude been fucking for 45 minutes w8230 .
sup my nigga cracker home boy what ya know that blah forget it hey to ya .
my mother be on some trash man 128514 i ask her everyday you need want some money she say naw im good but come .
sportscenter breaking louisville coach charlie strong is expected to accept texas job according to espn amp media reports 187 httptc8230 .
bad bitch from could be a a model .
i did everything but trust these hoes .
also wow that editing is doing a number on kat shes cast as answer to lance and mixed together in a bake .
best rider that goes to a blaxican .
kicking my toe is better than kat and andre mkr .
teams are doing well naturally mkr .
im against games but seriously all these of make me consider buying and then .
your bitch .
bitches already twerkin on this shit may jus be better than instagram .
doing her thang for you shoutout that real bitch .
an ad for the charity water is life mocks people who use hashtag through .
lol to get the yellow bleach stain out use a baking soda on the stain and throw in the .
i look like a dusty bird today .
quinnaemoon kaitlynburnell it did feel like there wasnt much point to it other than ratings a quick win based on current .
please control yo hoe 128514128514 .
she come to visit and the pussy too good she gotta move to the city within 3 months after yall first fuck or it aint gon work .
i have a feeling tonight will be trash .
youre ugly anyway hoe sit tf down somewhere .
hiphopisdeaddd my brother want to put on an asshole just to get what happens when you let pussy control you you8230 .
robert is so funny mkr .
early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese 128175 .
too little too late bitch ass nigga .
zitlalyl you will and hes gonna get all dem bitches 128513 .
bitch you guessed it .
i hate a bitch that think she the shit bitch you basic as the .
rayiopez taking out the trash at night .
amp ashandcamilla are the so far will the campers agree with the judges mkr tvweekmag .
jurijuri omg i didnt realize .
3 teams i hate got crap reviews d now 2 are going to sudden death whoever leaves either way ill be happy mkr .
im just not going to be a bitch to you because we dont speak for reasons it was a decision and its done and over with why start shit .
voiceofrae thequinnspiracy spacekatgal hey i just met you .
colin is doing his best impression of him with his judging lol mkr .
hahaha dumb bitch .
ladies if your pussy sounds like this please hit my dms i need you for a science project 128064 .
stupid bitches fucking skanks dumb hoes .
mickey mouse ears tail for that matter .
these niggas aint shit but hoes with tricks .
funnypicsdepot this bitch at the mall shaped like mr incredible .
hey do you have that screen shot of page being updated regarding the trash can incident .
i do have to go get us an actual business address soon so we can finish with the to get status so it is all temporary .
aeliasen fire is still least of all though ive had for a few years it holds up well to abuse .
twitter is not a source of news broadcast you fucking retards it is when nbc abc cnn fox etc are all keeping quiet .
to that cunt who said she wont ppl who use foul language because it bitch let me introduce y8230 .
lol i see what you did there itsnotharold hell yeah bitches hate that shit .
was turnt af last night but shut that bitch down wit frfr .
or dead 128514 word taxstone if ya moms calling the cops after she aint heard from you for four days you probably pussy8221 .
which player can we put in with the sole of breaking jaw .
its no wonder my is killing me retarded winter weather texas weather .
sorry but even if you did make it through there was no way you would have made it to the end mkr .
not happy mkr .
no bitches .
just informed me that my is an 02 sea doo with a trash bag of on top thx dr .
some of you girls should be wifey for halloween since some of y8217all been hoes all year .
gossipcop y dont both of those fat bitches die .
fuck ya feelings aint no bitch .
your is ghetto .
so to dat bitch ass nigga in alabama who wanna kill me .
well i play flappy bird now and i dont know why .
international law enforcement operation disrupts shylock banking malware pcworld international law enforcem .
its cool its str8 i know yall got the wrong bitch i understand .
i come wit the rocks on yu can get popped on light yellow chevy same color as popcorn .
most of the bitches he fw not old enough to get a id what that tell you 128129 .
xaiax freebsdgirl eyes are bullshit they cant even tell the center pieces on both sides of this image are the same grey httptc .
steveworks4you golly and dad gum son you lyin cheatin fucking did it man up and own it ya chicken shit pussy republican .
too many asking protests not be thats the entire point were here to interrupt the status quo not plan .
hits a guy talk to 5 girls is he a hoe or does he have hoes .
her face ugly to me amp her nudes were trash .
when ex girl friends get fat thats god saying hey man youre welcome lmfao 128514128557 big ole bitch .
all my niggaz better have at least 3 ugly bitches number in their phone this summer .
this the hoes dont be wantin ya nigga they want ya happiness thinkin he gone do 4 them what he does for silly hoes .
youre a bitch .
i dont kiss none of these hoes .
unk just said bitches hit the bottle and they pussy start lmao .
she said i hurt her feelings now she dating dykes .
bad bitch htown keep it trill yall know yall cant fuck .
are you serious right now hypocritical and double standards fuck outta my face with that trash .
at george first yankees news conference he said he wouldnt in baseball decisions .
i know yall bitches tell yall what would do 128514 cuz yall asses stay following me 128527 .
these hoes out of control .
hey people bird watching you do realize there8217s like hundreds literally hundreds of free pictures of boobs on the internet right .
that is behind the counter .
i realized is a bitch .
raw egg mkr .
freebsdgirl all the world needs is a film you and your fighting crime and  .
dark skinned girls with blonde hair need to stop it the only bitch that can rock that is from the proud family .
but staying up gon be a bitch .
ol ass bitch .
man dude next to me got 2 of the worst looking hoes i ever seen but hey it is 2 .
buddy drug the whole train lmao good extra ass hoes .
omg her nips 128567 .
theonlyreed pete prolly got the hoes lined up for his players after the game bruh .
coleycee bitch dats yo desert ass .
kern was joking about triggering people the other day kern went full gater big surprise iglvzx .
pregnant crazy bitch wus the answer we were looking for .
15 minutes nervous not because of speaking but because of the content tech stuff is easier so many feels girldevweek .
you bummy hoes cant do this ur right sis most i do is splash some soap on it other shit aint necessary .
maxwelltolvo spacekatgal davidsgallant hes ok if we were stranded both hungry and i had a sandwich i would probably give him half .
httptcobpu86qzyft lola foxx 8211 hot nubile lola foxx her dildo deep into her .
you cant question snoop he a og he told us not to love these hoes .
i think this is spam im not sure what im reading but its funny thequinnspiracy .
never go full retard .
text me queer bait .
them bad bitches blow kisses by my .
car anxiety is a bitch .
boats and hoes .
hanging with and today my bitches .
u wanted to go in the military but yo bitch ass couldnt handle nobody shooting at u so shut yo mf mouth and salute those who did .
dont blame me hoe im innocent 128520 .
one of the great of living in san diego is ready to mexican twinkies made with real sugar and mexican cola .
it amazes me how simple it is for girls to be insane bitches when itd be just as easy for them to be normal amp sane ge8230 .
8220beautifulkeezy im about too put sooooo much nut in my fucking mouth and frfr bitch yu nasty .
catch me fuckin off tonight in that bitch as well .
juanndacut sharea40ounce she playin pussy hole drawing the next number .
dragonflyjonez chicks would get tired of dr dre calling them a bitch and go listen to talk about how theyd give her their .
if u a bitch an i u i wouldnt give a fuck if chris brown u bitch i had u already lol .
pussies .
never discuss cheese with a rat talk bread with a bird or make moves with a snake 128175128076 .
i got my eyes on this red bone .
and well keep doing instant restaurant rounds until these people can learn to bloody cook mkr .
lil bitch .
you think she classy niggah but she really .
hypatiadotca glennf i almost typed is it in the cloud forgetting that i have keyboard word replace for cloud to butt .
just smashed a bottle over buzz head because hes a cunt .
mmmm apple pie and icecream i want some mkr .
everybody talking bout hoes fighting im on some .
gov rick scott kicks charlie ass .
hoes gone be hoes but thats none my business .
bahaha karma is a bitch .
when you told ya homie she was a hoe but he still wifed it caption this .
my expectations are high when it comes to anything my weed my pussy my clothes n kicks people that shit needa be a1 to me .
call dat bitch .
vintagemonroe justdoitslow it aint soooo is bitch she happy .
and dont come to my mf house ur damn horn get tf out the car amp ring my bell bitch .
bitches stay in they feelings 128514 .
black 128514128514128514128514128514128514 all the hoes gone my dick harder than slavery .
rem2014 bitch ass jorge haha aint you at work nigga .
someones mother called me a handsome buff yellow thang last night my ego was temporarily and binniemouse was dying lol .
mail mostly .
girl ugly denna hoe whats this then .
i love it when these judges compromise their values because the channel 7 script writers tell them to no credibility mkr .
128563 angels amp female party promoters are not for me most party promoters are hoes amp them angel bitches .
8chan has history wiped after federal by samred .
its a brand new day and the birds they .
a little concerned at what is happening here uh this story may not be over .
when your teacher puts you in a group with a bunch of retards .
femshaveballz liberals threaten my life everyday on here so dont mind me while im a total jackass to their butt hurt pussies right 8230 .
jasongio this is the same dude that thinks that not being allowed to publish an article to a site he doesnt own is silencing .
these hoes aint loyal .
hollapalooka checked the tag w amp wo ggautoblocker in place like night amp day guess which led to more productive tweets  .
sportscenter derek final game at yankee stadium will be 1st hes ever played there with yankees eliminated from playoffs http8230 .
and yet you felt the need to tweet this .
hate shit like this bitch cant make a decent meal but can take a hell of a thirst trap .
them is out by my house i aint been round this bitch in a minute .
omg  i have a feeling im going to be overwhelmed  by my in mkr .
nobeeetch just to my hoes who im first round for cuffing season .
fucking lol crime against cooking mkr mkr2015 .
mkr that aint sauerkraut its .
the homie got this bitch .
spot of rain wont stop the pigs cooking see you at tasteofsydney mkr .
deez niggas pussy so fuck em deez niggas ass so em .
i dont live for you hoes man .
still cant see what niggers see in them white hoes .
according to my brothers ipod its december if so i that mickey of the ny yankees will announce his retirement march 1 .
car hopping is a different world these ghetto guys tried asking for my number lol8221 did they have to be ghetto tho .
thats okay you can run that red light im sure your nail appointment is more important than my life bitch .
idntwearcondoms if u acted like a hoe after we broke up im not wrong for thinking u were a hoe all along .
hate when you point out to people and they flip the script like youre in the wrong bitch what .
i miss my flip phone that bitch never died .
this is the funniest joke roguest4r ethelmonster .
no mkr .
why you talking to me at 5 almost we ain8217t friends pussy .
oh if only colin washed his hair mkr .
sierra almost got caught with the ole hick 128514128514128514 .
white women who need to ally for black women more .
lmao 80sbaby4life humbltonbanks yes amp no channymaraj is it ok to beat a bitch up over some tweets or nah .
my daughter makes me with i wasnt a hoe from age u on a roll tonight .
damn i use to be a big fan of but so far shes been a big cunt .
took a broke bitch .
im a queer mmm .
and pass that bitch .
youre being a bitch lol but naa .
i dont want waiting mkr .
oooh what do you think is the surprise announcement mkr .
on this hoe asking dumb ass questions .
just seen 2 pregnant bitches did the look like wrestlers .
jillwetzler on my way to twitter be right there .
when was a hoe ever supposed to be loyal i mean it wouldnt make em a hoe theyd be another housewife .
it should be if you i think .
pete evans says his critics will eat humble pie although the humble pie will be made from raw and grass mkr .
rule number two dont trust nobody especially a bitch with a hookers body .
yall all some hoes .
peace bitch .
9733 best asian massage on the park slope top rated spa 9733 7186220221 24 .
man im tryna give chief mixtape a chance but this shit trash .
the only thing that seems to be up tonight is kats face mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
bitch .
9733 best asian massage on the brooklyn park slope top rated spa 97337186220221 24 .
lmfao putting on for twitter i see fat bitch .
i show do like the jeffersons dat george make me wanna open up a dry cleaning and call all da white folk honkey .
bitches hanging in the salty tweetin y cant i find a good guy .
pussy .
kaycimalynn yo bitch i miss you too .
pistolpete96 zp3 fuck yall if you doubt me im a piece of white trash i say it .
youre a hoe ass faggot bitch cunt nigga .
louievree if that nigga santa come to the hood niggas gonna rob him for his and his ho ho hoes .
washingtonpost dc police want to talk to this man about if you have info call ht .
so cute shy bunny .
omg i hope sheri and dont go to sudden death mkr .
im a little teapot short and irish artist of the year .
the list of companies for the round table im building is growing im excited the world needs this .
erinspice prpltnkr freebsdgirl then turned handle her last name into a racial slur .
i reached out to ninaburleigh with concerns the day the article was published no response nina cares more about page views than problems .
oh yeah fuck that bitch .
yankees wasted season rays mlb .
pulled up on this coco ratchet on my way home 128514128557 kayysavage yes bitch .
morgan is a sad comparison come on try again dwight howard is the most accurate stupid monkey .
everytime i see make a play i want to puke kid shouldve been a gator thanks charlie .
welp idntwearcondoms the girl of your dreams is a hoe and the guy of your dreams aint shit facts of life .
you think she bad well my bitch meaner .
bro once im there next year ill make you look like straight trash so enjoy it the little time you have left .
randiebooks kaylinevergreen queerdalek freebsdgirl write enough puppet code and you have the basics for ruby just to give the .
i got u bitch .
when he his arms around my waist while im making dinner yellow roses anything coach a .
i been to or twice but whos nothin these blue amp yellow purple .
i say we all do a big fat line of meth after the on you pussies p .
via charlie is sending in canadian flag pins back to conservatives 8211 .
when your nigga passes you a hoe .
on a scale of 1 to redneck im watching days of thunder right now .
im addicted to bad bitches like i never had bitches .
rakwonogod you ugly anyway you a hoe anyway a nigga who just got curved but wont accept it .
be like it aint nothing to cut that bitch nawl it aint .
bittytang yes why protest about sexism then go right home and beg for a guy to beat your pussy up im lost at times .
these bitches always trippin .
this niggah be lying 128514 .
yep karlie al are shaking in their boots mkr .
colins had two strikes now for his dad jokes wheres manu lol mkr .
skyereyes text someone that pussy was so good amp sorry wrong number and quote this with their http8230 .
why is it always the bitches with no money no job no to anything financial that have the highest .
too many little whiney bitches in america someone to cry about anything ie kids must wear helmets .
if kat amp andre i hope they get kicked out of mkr they are so horrible its not editing you are just horrid .
i sound retarded but he is learning quickly tyleryost .
kaitlynburnell freebsdgirl gmshivers yep 10 year engineer here can confirm .
you did not just in all tweet i cant be sexist my mother is a woman .
i gotta bad bitch always got her hair fixed always n the mall wit her friends buying outfits .
dat nicca had jordan cleats .
spacekatgal having an epic dinner with quinnaemoon and freebsdgirl .
these hoes swear their faithful .
this white bitch dressed as the devil at my job oh the irony lol .
charlie crist r i d to demand a recount .
oh another surprise twist no one ever in the history of watching a reality tv show ever mkr .
them hoes look good .
im tired of these bitches actin like they loyal lol .
will those killer blondes kill the whole dinner mkr .
doctoravenue sorry .
oh no going down mkr .
its okay ill get bitches on this dick anyway but thanks for the tip .
kencf0618 asking people to read some of the shit theyve received and provide a video of themselves doing so is no small thing .
money doesnt make me happy one bit money makes me feel more comfortable if anything i can get pussy being dead ass broke tho tbh .
he not gay no he just fuck with busted basic bitches lol .
bad chicks send em in basic hoes toss em out cant even get waffle house hating niggas em out gone get the out .
it would be really funny if they kicked out the 2 lowest teams as a surprise wouldnt it  mkr mkr2015 .
gonna be on life support still gettin pussy .
ih8tvvitterhoes breezyfrmdablok so you was in a female dms talking to another nigga youre a faggot b .
ive got scrolling as i run the program from within screen i always have this up it is scrolling too fast for me to read .
i love these tweets because you can whine all you want you will never be a and women are .
hello lets set you up again because this will be .
flappy bird make me just smash my phone into my face .
peerworker deramazinglarry quinnaemoon feministing however im going to block you now because what youre doing is abusive and not ok .
let the hoe ass get and our 1st rd pick .
twitter is the shit out of is multiple of new accounts opening today and suspended within ho8230 .
slant call there .
twitters little blue birds name is larry after celtics larry bird stick is .
oh damn dis bitch found out her baby dead and now shes gonna torture the lmao how fun .
mkr sheri amp emilie might be ready for lunch said .
todays spy ops his soles need a cleaning lick lick i bet this sneaks smell good .
kats is mkr .
httptcobpu86qzyft 8211 brunette slips off her lingerie and her wet pussy .
lilbthebasedgod that fat bitch yes sir she fucked the lil b .
voretaq7 chilblane uh its also pink which makes the coffee taste better .
yall out here fuckin other womens men ya life amp freedom but im out here single amp dolo with no bitch you gotta worry about .
dis bitch jus blew my high .
is a fag .
goddamn i really want pancakes now mkr .
mkr learn how to open cans a baby knows that lol .
girlziplocked doubleunionsf not yet i should .
ugh im such a little bitch 128514 .
norahodonnell texas trash talking with racist jdickerson maybe if had apologize for all his he wouldnt be hiding .
this show is so unfair mkr .
cause i look great bitch fuck you mean .
some niggas beat a bitch to get a point across some mentally fuck w her some just ignore it .
happy valentines day from ggautoblocker .
hendrixoxo wtf hoe answer my question .
could be wearing a trash bag and shed still be the stylish and coolest human i know .
this bitch is fucking insane 2 what is a sentence that you in 5 .
my oriental blog the new land of free .
the giants are time is over .
hope kat and andre dont have kids would hate to think of their kids being exposed to such spiteful attitudes mkr .
and still you call us minorities you make no sense this fall minorities will white students in .
is a cunt .
is that all pussy bitch .
i just wanna touch da bitch fuck da bitch like a bud dont trust the bitch .
no youre a fucking retard thats gonna get fucking date raped at a frat tonight have fun with those memories .
im pretty sure chief would handle this situation better than police chief .
if youre toes aint done you pussy stinks .
i never thought i would say that i wanted the 2 blondes to stay on mkr but kat and andre are mean and nasty makes me not want to watch .
sschinke not sure i think this could be too easily irt if attacks can be unintentional .
it is you are up my timeline negro 128523 .
it sure is weird how i only ever see mean things being attached to the gamergate hashtag .
she need a man not no pussy boy .
baby monkey in the snow im crying .
yeah i get threats and it means i have to be but really im crazy enough to think im which is why this works .
this dyke is a handful of .
pwafork it is awful come dine with me because no one gets drunk on mkr .
justin bieber his permanent bitch face and it bugs the shit out of me .
great to see colin just got out of bed for this get together mkr .
realniggasherm i cant trust a bitch i cant trust myself .
this bitch brought me my food and said surprise thirsty bitch .
there it is these bitches be having joint custody dick and acting up understand thats part time no benefits .
if u remember when steve from blue clues left us with that other bitch ass nigga joe .
lil bitch with enough ass ampamp a future .
this is how im asking my bitch to prom or for her to marry me 128076 yes .
pissed in shower now checking for yellow legs .
somebody please bring out of my hotel room and hire me for something i work hard for somebody throwing me in the trash .
you bitches love yall some corny nigga .
he hit me with if i tell you who im fucking you cant say shit bitch but her head game on point rns .
your still a little pussy 128569 .
imagine if annie amp drasko had a baby mkr .
on my way to fuck your bitch .
lilduval come this fall im cuffin side bitches yall had yall time the whole summer .
jones and are out of gas after giving it their all earlier in the first half the should get more playing time yankees mlb .
lmao yesterday them hoes was cute af lol .
cheating isnt about good women and hoes simply about an nut niggas cheat on good women everyday b .
the ghetto if ud wins tonight .
bryneaux i am allergic to cats but thanks anyways .
lets go la support my niccas no matter what .
id have to go off on a bitch .
grizzboadams why you crying then baby back bitch .
after 27 weeks straight of that nigga being you mcm we get it bitch yall fucking 128514128514128514128514 .
nom nom nom .
and is my by omg .
iemonaids some of them bitches give you more than a virus .
dont concern yourself wit my with other bitches .
fuck up you swole fag .
dont really have anyone to talk to when things start going aight hoe ass nigga .
honky .
wake yall bitch asses up blood .
tmclaughbos roguest4r but rogue isnt really dev competent he thinks all dev happens under github .
my mom bitches too much .
southsidevic gone have to make weed brownies when its in da tree trunk but da trap going crazy bro that .
never give a bitch the impression that u need them .
bitch its going 3 mo .
peerworker uh because one group is literally killing people are you nuts .
chanelisabeth im subtweeting my sister hoe .
lettherainefall and i are on our way to fuck your bitch .
grizzboadams wyattnuckels this friday at the c mall you gettin whipped like the bitches i fuck .
i refuse to raise a child in this bitch ass country .
pussy on my mind bow wow .
thatsabinegirl top kek .
youre being a cunt right now .
ill pay yall niggas to get lost how much yall hoe niggas gunna cost .
you dont want to get treated like a ho stop dressing like one if you want to stop getting treated like a .
nah my nigga just tried to set me up with the ugliest bitch of all time at the club just now we officially aint friends no more dawg wtf .
am i wrong fa laughin at dem niccas on 1st 48 who be cryin n the room .
teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage child labor laws unions is work pretty much slavery .
its true that the early bird gets the worm .
who is .
if there is one thing in life we can count on its if you ask a question regarding opinions on apple products no one will agree .
nofakingg bitch you scared to let it off yo daddy wasnt no dawg yo mama had more heart than ya daddy bitch ass .
i might be ugly but my hoes aint trippin .
things are happening big things i could not be more .
oh well they have no chance of winning anyway good luck you idiots mkr .
freebsdgirl thanks .
photos kate cheers on the yankees at last nights game .
she sounded like a bird .
fleebiscuit shes a i had a jimmy brain blast showed her im an and put the pussy on the .
i had with brownies for dinner tonight being an adult is making these decisions .
the reality is that youre sexist .
what restaurant around here isnt overwhelmed by gdc traffic i require fuel in the form of gin .
a huge thank you to onthemedia giving wadhwa a platform with which to prove his character was of great help to stopwadhwa2015 .
rally to support teen facing life sentence in pot brownie case smh not for a brownie .
imthirst i was gonna hold my tongue until i could get into another team but i couldnt do it anymore theyre fuckin retarded .
lol tiffanyp0rsche you little .
mkr nikki you laughing sounds like a dying pig .
its hotter than a fast bitch thighs rubbing together while she running a marathon .
zitlalyl vicmanzan0 just like you pulled all them track bitches 128514 .
yankees jeter let him play the entire inning thats fitting .
well shit mkr mkr2015 .
oh kat your turn now it was just as bad mkr .
what the heck kat and andre definitely do not deserve to say in mkr so so angry right now  .
a pussy a day keeps the devil away .
she may be dumb as a but even sarah mocks obama .
the devils been sending his workers to get at me lately pussy fuck boy try harder cant throw me off my 1 .
my instagram song aint bout me pictures its about how hoes not allowed to post pictures of me and i aint posting none of them 128076 .
thatboyado tonykivarkis lmao yall some fags .
yesssss photo bomb warcraft .
lol its and bitches are out here drunk .
lol me and just sit there and make fun of him i cant stand that fag .
he told the bitch stop texting my phone my shawty crazy he know 128553128553128514128514 .
yall tryna fuck my bitch after the game or nah .
this bitch kicked me out .
white or leather for the upper of the foam makes them a pass to me white soles too .
but sexism is totally over .
karma a bitch but she cant figure me out with the shit im doing .
all you ladies pop your pussy like this .
cannot believe kat and andre are still there omfg dont even deserve to be there lol i cant stand them soz not soz mkr .
im going to drink and star trek marathon tonight .
really girls really mkr says the girls who are all about pretty .
i got a lot of hoes all up on my dick .
in the face ass bitch .
ill ask you same question do you support border do you support .
is there a who has strong feminist ally curious not looking for funding .
on this day 2014 the yanks advanced out of the despite a loss to .
all those damn uppity women demanding a better quality of life always causing problems .
right idk which one was selling pussy for 65 but that8217s way too high for them .
i got twinkies rice and cookies .
jonrosenberg my markov bot was also on buzzfeed it catches a lot of gaters .
i dont fuck with these niggas cause they shady i dont fuck with these bitches all they want is to have my baby .
he was talking about im on one lol how was that even possible when i was on a cruise with no phone service negro .
bitch get off my twitter hoe 128074 .
like these bitches that have green eyed curly haired kids on their ig talking about my future child .
somewhere in the ghetto its a nigger getting shot over bbq .
wtf is ur tumblr bitch .
when ur with ur friend and a bitch u both hate walks past us as n8230 .
im a cool ass nigga rare if a mf dont like you either hating or mad cus yo bitch choosing .
ufuckinright what hoes tho lol .
bro you know i cant not comment on stupid shit like instagram a heart attack on a plate .
gemmanoon ie things not as open for such as or data is not following etc .
space brownies .
but bitches are crazy id be in jail for sure .
all my white school teachers back in elementary knew not to give me no pussy im telling all of my niggas .
is money over bitches .
tmclaughbos roguest4r to be fair most of my activity happened under my own commit bit .
dailysexsupply girls that fuck back gtgtgt 128525128525 idoclyfe your last one was trash so here .
lllexiss lukejohnson06 laurenbeckkkk1 alright then well in calling you a pussy also .
obama just said user face oh no no no no .
huntermoore long no nipple havin ass bitch .
any hillbillies try to roast .
because oops our game is 100 female characters oh well isnt a thing but this is .
high as giraffe pussy .
females love stealing someones boyfriend thats not cute yall hoes need some morals amp life goals .
tell i say hi and fuck you .
talkin bout the retard your sittin on .
they some bitch ass niggas .
its what we call if a nicca tell a female another man got mad girls throwin salt that man gay straight up .
billperiman post i bet he would have gone ape shit and killed them all if they attacked muslims .
lil bitch thats down to make your bond aint got to tell her 128175128076 .
pussy you cant fight 128564 .
pm last night this was into the murder of a father traveling family to celebrate the first nig8230 .
me do you sell any larger sized sir those are 13 trash until security me 8230 .
i dont see how they thought it was so hard wanna change that love mkr .
stevestfler anytime a girl asks you for help tell that bitch to ask channing since thats her mcm .
knock em down wit sum chunky .
continues to be a good choice if youre using other atlassian products everything is shit its less shit .
its out this bitch thinks its or something .
kat amp andre better be the next people to leave cant cook strategic scoring disgraceful .
kiefferjason and who said i didnt like myself where the fuck u got shit from u made that up stfu and stop assuming and bitch am not ugly .
yall not gonna trash spirit i travel w them all the time they even let me fly the plane 4 times they dont .
chriswarcraft not really funny .
1bcarter whats good the gym looking at hoes hit u later .
forget resting bitch face the next hot new trend will be resting drunk face .
confusing circumstances seem to get in the way of your high ho more for .
all i wanted was a hundred million dollars and a bad bitch .
sammylightning i roll up to a bitch an dey like .
user followed then unfollowed me what a prude ass hoe .
i will neva sleep on a pussy .
its super common to run into an unintentional dos especially in dev ever make a stupid mistake that caused a critical lack of resources .
im an ole bitch in and i think u rock also .
8220callneeshcakey i wanna go to this lil shit the way how bitches faces be set up i be wantin to slap em when i see .
why do some scandalous niggas and hoes hate on a happy relationship just let them be happy together fuck .
jefdabest the fact this bird ass nigga took my phone and did a light skin pose in school mrste617 smh lol .
we cant date if youre going to be a little bitch about everything .
let me delete that for the little bitch reports me to 128514 .
why tori amos matters now more than ever via .
eff it lets go after the cripple .
lmfaooooo bye american sports trash soccer and hockey the best .
really telling me to call him boo uhhh naw 128581 you the niggah amp thats that 128540 .
shriekapotomos if not anonymous then at the very least privileged information .
cant trust none of these bitches dont trust none of these hoes 9995 .
tell your bitch that im that nigga now .
well i felt sorry for her before but that was stupid still though edgarguillenjr is a bitch who wont try that wit .
oh god annie and lloyd what the hell mkr .
over a over a toy gun over a hallway over loud music over and iced tea over a wallet .
drink some bleach bitch if it was you done the same thing .
i needed a dessert mkr .
if you used the obamacare website you should definitely change your password thats sad boon .
yo hoe will get slayed 128514 .
good ol charlie .
why do like this bald asshole complain about how long a bill is should we just draw you morons pictures morningjoe .
my bitch cold not average you couldnt fuck my last bitch .
ima young rich niggah tryna fuck a niggah bitch my ex a rat the be fuckin on that bitch 10412041041204 i .
must say i would be up for this main mkr german .
i need to post this again because i keep this article and going httptcoumdk2gubtg .
i just need the yankees to win the .
damn im in da mood to eat sum pussy who got it fresh on a for me .
weve tried each time we go he just sits there in silence and i cry like a bitch and sweat .
is a bitch .
girl thats all these hos need they dont care 128514 .
rihanna i aint got no bitches is the only thing that i like .
i wonder if freebsdgirl has seen this wonderwoman .
when you tell a dark skin bitch to send you some sexy shit .
yesyouresexist was going through some of your tweets and stuff youre quite anti male yourself yknow isnt that .
you just yourself rn you retard .
really hope kat and andre get out a 1 is ridiculous gohome mkr .
i tell u this tho u nigger women start getting just dont do it .
billperiman send all the fucking muzzies home now come and get me motherfuckers .
bitches cheat on they bitch but be soooooo hurt when they bitch cheat back .
bitch please .
somebody take these oreos away from me before i eat the whole pack .
because of the price which is not a legitimate reason .
baskgod nah its just clowney being a bitch nigga .
god i cant fucking stand who bitch about people not get a real fucking job .
gossipcop charlie sheen rihanna for his you8217re a rude with bad wig .
tbh i didnt even mean to mock him but .
stacks upon stacks of oreilly books what you can barely see is robot parts hanging down .
up nig i gotta new number text me .
no this bitch ceemurda94 did not yell down the steps to tell me dont eat her damn tf .
i wish ya stressed ya kids like ya stress these lame bitches .
im that niggah you can show out in public lol .
white girls date black guys who hate black culture and they let their stupid ass white girlfriends talk shit and say nig8230 .
i would just like to raise an eyebrow at all the people that were like when i talked about how much i hated lenovo before .
athenahollow sure .
its time kitchen hq starts now wa hungrycampers mkr .
superspacedad thats why they really cant effect us gaming industry is involved sure but its a much bigger conversation .
ik his bitch ass saw me mentioned his tall ass .
aka the lonely bitches .
goal is to show people irl reading the words theyve received on the internet this has impact .
these girls on mkr are giving me the shits mkr .
thecoreyholcomb id give that hoe the finger everyday at work until i get fired for it .
yeah id want to shoot the son of a bitch myself lol .
how much coke did charlie sheen do enough to kill two and a half men i guess .
eanahs girl i been wanting them shit i been growing them hoes for bout .
thanks charlie charlie4927 stacydmomof5 revkahjc pattism74 cantucimblonde kacado .
today my friend taught me so hood slang 128514 she said fuck nigga nigga bitch fuck boy nigga bruh .
kingtunchi i dont understand if all these hoes say they getting money why tf they on twitter with that childish shit bitch its .
your disgusting you should be banned from talking about hiphop retards like you belong in the with your retarded ass logic .
yep kinghorsedick nope and never will fellas u ever had some pussy so good you send a so what are we text .
drop dead gorgeous but the bitch aint dying for a nigga .
suck my dick so good im like god dam you dirty bitch .
lmaoo shut up hoe .
i a youtube video update on bill angloamerican influence and .
iraq gov troops were handed a severe defeat by isis at theres of over 300 soldiers lost amp jihadis about it .
if rather a bitch dat den dat bitch who try to hol n be a cold whore n da sheets i cnt een look at 8230 .
as good as and peyton on the same team that8217s so retarded lmao .
girls dont let a guy treat you like a yellow are a pink starburst .
i may be off the christmas card list oops youll be able to make as to why later today .
gidgitvonlarue mkr when exactly did they plan these back at kitchen hq or in the car on the way to coles .
get a girl with good hair u dont want a bitch that got nappy ass hair yo kids gone end up having nigga 128514128514128514128514 .
never would i put bacon grease on my face and let a eat my face to save a bitch nope nope nope .
stevestreza youre saying zebras are goth .
chief keef is glad someone said it .
bitch cant hold herself down then she bound to .
you little stupid ass bitch i aint fuckin witchu .
smh u so retarded lol .
shout out to babes anastaciacole love that bitch .
fucked the shit out yo bitch earlier she said she couldnt stand straight .
when a bitch say you cant dance .
andreaaolvera shut the fuck up hoe ass bitch fuck ass cunt hoe .
mkr call that a serving of sorbet my dog does bigger shits than that .
i love girls who arent afraid to encourage or compliment the next chick bitches hate so much now thats its .
i mean i like to get nasty but my ass up in a bitch face aint in my freaky zone .
my bitch is in town .
nick504 bitch who am not backing down from no fuck nigga the fuck you talking bout hoe ass nigga stop dat talking and pull up .
the holla vs charlie clips is shits gonna be cold cus holla gonna work but its his last battle .
ballout057 82201stblocjeremiah my tryna make me go to church hell nawl bitch text me back .
8220highclasscapri whatevaittakes lmao i minds well be a hoe for all that i aint mean like that girl lol .
cant wait all niggas wanna do at 45 is pop viagra and pop young bitches .
i couldnt have no mama at my wedding what a grumpy ass bitch .
we are back bitches .
im rich dave chappelle voice signed mlb say bitch you pussy .
bitches talmbout they got these bitches in .
ill be stripping off of clothes the instant we get back to the its hot as pussy on this .
amaninblack well actually im a rainbow haired expert .
i gotta big head yah bitch i think its crown sized .
22 not knowing wtf it is bitch .
yumchaaddict lisamromano you never know irl i could be like kat from mkr lol .
seeing as how you are about 12 perhaps a book try history or is more appropriate for you than twitter .
momma said no pussy cats inside my .
money over bitches even though i love ladies .
lifeasking naw im trash keep ya pity .
that hoe ask what time it is its .
before i run from a niggah ill lose the .
carolinepoe called her a cunt too .
trash .
the spot is open for you take so your better grab it before another bitch do and if she is and beautiful enough she will do it .
i wish get this hoe away from me .
ssickstory people need to stop being bitch made .
when all yo hoes hit you up at da same time .
how you gonna compare to pussy tho there aint no dicks going in your 128514 .
hornyfacts fuck twerking bitch can you cook .
dont no real bitch want no soft nigga .
marlinfishyass if yo hoe choose let her choose fuck her friend or her momma .
who the hell would want meatballs for youre from a killer hangover mkr .
dropped all my hoes hold on let me pick these bitches back up a nigga was and geekin 128514128514 .
i wouldnt eat anything those girls cooked tonight but mention spatchcock to drasko and hes all smiles mkr .
what should i name my cat ideas mr pussy .
ghetto ass .
i go to play flappy bird and then i die before getting one and remember how much i hate it .
lilduval most of worried about looking like a hoe gon regret it when u get older cuz u missing out on a lot of fun .
hot damn that guy at coles tho mkr .
midnightsnacka bitch am dumb bitch am smarter than yo fat peter griffin looking ass .
9 10 now youre having my twins 7 8 get that pussy ate you 128298 .
new to the game but as i understand it the first rule of soccer is team acts more like a bitch shall be .
he called a nigger .
aint this a bitch i just saw my bitch kiss a bitch you lucky i dont kill yo ass but you can still get pistol whipped wayne .
mother b is such a .
at the of the war w the texas guard to get outta facts are a bitch .
i cant even be away from my phone that long karlie right she is a crazy .
officiallyice thats why youre so good at this game cause u sit on your unemployed nigger ass playing all day .
awizardsbeard uh okay are behind the counter all i see is stuff like tylenol its a small pharmacy .
kforkicks tf bitch you had brain surgery and aint tell me .
niggas gossip like hoes im sleep tho .
newly released jihadi has links to terrorists in syria .
i hate when bitches post pictures with other cute bitches and dont tag em in it thats low key very selfish as fuck .
japanese babe gets her asian pussy .
someone at my wants to die i get all excited to enjoy a couple of oreos but someone left only one one friggin oreo .
perarl he needs to date a grandma im too turnt up for his lil pussy ass bro and i called him lil baby names like lame amp .
people keep asking me about the stuff i posted about that site amp ties to dun dun .
kill her body with her pussy should be so weak from teasing that its impossible to hold back a during heated sex .
clever watch make the hit and then mock officials by throwing a flag on himself .
the number of mkr rounds is actually getting ridiculous now stop this tv show loves itself way too much .
cant fuck wit no bitch ugly friends .
mkr kats look of shock what a fake load of shit hope shes a as soon as they get back into the main round won no fans here .
and his face .
all of my wow pets are named .
sundays are the day to chug through while everyone else around you is with what their fave football team does and fantasy league .
this is real life 128557 nowomanisright she want to give u pussy so bad she mad at u cus u fucking it up .
yo pussy aint shit unless you had some jake from state farm in it .
notice in that last tweet how people doesnt make sense unless its actually men .
why is colon being so nice why mkr .
i thought helena amp vikki shared the mkr record i remember them saying its the equal highest with nick amp .
i a but i need some bullets for that bitch .
is nick jonas a hoe for his dick is nick jonas gonna have leaked nudes is nick jonas less of a role model .
hoes always tryna say they look like a celebrity no bitch you like the other hoe that love on sit yo basic ass down .
darn i want a lemon tart now killerblondes mkr .
im cold as a bitch and dont even need a and if she a bad bitch tell her drop to yo knees .
i aint dont turnin up bitch .
dope in the bag pretty bitch on the side .
this season is going to go on forever mkr .
pacdagoat wtf this bitch sounds retarded .
yeah i have but i still pull hotter bitches than you .
only if youre a twat as well be not a twat my son .
going to the with my bitches tomorrow .
paperchaysin these hoes are for everyone .
5am crackers my cats got into the amp are now playing hockey with them .
and before you protest that youre not mad theres not much other reason youd be out tweeting at women about feminism .
getting every dolla out this bitch .
i love you wearing my wonder woman while i write code to help protect people from online harassment lt3 .
there should be a side trip into dc to charlie during .
grummz as gamergate has repeatedly proven linking a url doesnt mean shit for lt3 .
yesallwomen are going to shout over of carbon material like until they are heard you are a drop in the ocean pal .
all them hoes crazy thick thighs 128166 skinny waist 128591 and natural beauty face 128149 .
wow i swear im gonna cunt punch you .
same i recently bought their card i always buy .
bitch plz whatever .
i could be such a bitch right now but ill .
chriswarcraft very cool news from freebsdgirl and thequinnspiracy about online abuse hope this gets real big httpt .
i gave my aunt my tupac greatest hits cd that bitch is lucky i love my tupac cd .
he lucky he got a bitch that knows how to cook ampamp clean amp wash everything .
bitch music .
its always a white bitch doing something op lol like they give zero fucks when it comes to dick 128514128514 .
this show has been going for weeks and so far only 3 out of 18 teams eliminated talk about over the mkr ridic .
thatslutadrian bitch those are the same options .
real niggas let a real bitch cum first .
charlie sheen is the man lol .
press requests need to come in through .
you can ask yourself if you trust and or you can vote yes and never think about the cunts ever a8230 .
yesallwomen are when men think murder is fair for getting turned down for a date .
kitttyjpg nah im forreal both of yall pussies smell like some dried up crusty fish guts .
money is the part of success in tech its about and rep all of which wadhwa hides from women .
great to see the local national park workers tucking into a free feed how about you empty those instead mkr .
im just gonna get my dog to eat a bitch .
that guy kept going for a while too i think he are we married now does this mean i have health insurance .
leonarddelaney no more discrimination against l blocks .
amaninblack gross id look weird with no hair .
gidgitvonlarue mkr of course you are sold out mt girls you put twenty pancakes on each plate .
look at this pussy .
i need ran and homie rocking the i need some free shit or some hoes .
swag bitch im serious .
kat and andre should get out in the next mkr .
amazon knows me better than any ever did these are my shopping suggestions .
mykitchenrules kat and andre suck hope they get eliminated soon mkr .
too many bitches not enough queens .
mt89 justlaurenb lbigmann thegags29 the world we live in .
its october babe you dont have to be a hoe anymore .
now a days bitches will beef w you over something that has nothing to do w them bitch yo ugly ass wasnt a factor a8230 .
i know youre gonna stalk my tweets so just know that youre a dumb fucking bitch .
bitch bye .
me amp on philosophy i say smack that bitch bet she watch her mouf .
exhausted and full of excitement cant decide if i want to jump around and dance or take a nap such a good feeling .
we have seen so many fantastic things happen out of this tragedy first we have femfreq amazing a voice that is far reaching .
ha bill wouldnt give an interview what a pussy hey bill karmas a bitch .
might be my favorite way to educate people i have no to educate .
art thou the bird whom man loves bird with t breast our leaves these summer .
huntermoore if she doesnt take it in the ass tell the bitch youll pass .
got ah tight schedule fuck ur bitch just met her .
o3millz this bitch not tellin me .
i eats the pussy .
omfg the crazy bitch is .
yall bitches wanna be so different and yall really so .
dallyjackson youtube i could have died i called my mom a bitch lmao .
i refuse to provide proof to any of those it wont make any difference they just claim its faked or defend it .
iggy is no one hit wonder she is a bad bitch .
i was in a trash bag btw .
hate when bitches talk like they rey fuck your brains out then be like im just lmao fuck u bitch .
id hit a kardashian she threw money at me bruh somebody would have to pull me off that hoe idgaf who she is nobody to me anyway lol .
amydentata similar to how a woman merely knowing her stuff is seen as an and aggressive instead of just standard .
aint to show bout dem colored diamonds you talk about on da radio any diamond you gets from a colored be stolen .
worldstarfunny we dont love these hoes .
you cannot make this shit up .
these peanut butter brownies bout to give me life too 128523 .
hit it and pass it until that pussy .
chriswarcraft spacekatgal what are video games .
domworldpeace oh def not that easy you may not know nor believe this but im legendary for curving pussy lol guilty pleasure .
skawtnyc thats a relief .
bdell1014 hoes be on some august alsina is bae no bitch that dusty nigga you got 2 kids with who drives yo car amp still wears .
im done crying im done being worried aint no bitch in me or is stupid written over me .
kaitlynburnell beats me i was sent the screencap .
took uber yesterday as 20 lt ny taxis but was actually a yellow taxi at same price uber .
pulled it off credit where credit is due well done mkr .
ummm these hoes need guidance better yet a .
justinbieber have fun getting you fucking faggot .
keyshbechillin so are ass or pussy .
lilduval a bitch get 20000 followers shes a boss and starting up a and wearing shades in public .
no nimoy my face is clean .
the opening to me to wake up and be the baddest bitch i know i can be every day thank you .
justezzzee and why would i want my girl to stand up for me if im the man you are a bitch for letting her do that .
sam is hands down easily no doubt in a million years my least favorite character such a little bitch .
fuck i look like shopping at that trash ass store .
that is a lot harder developer policy it .
mabelsay ratchet bitches be like my name is brown get claps it claps right claps .
twitter is just like real with pussies .
annie and lloyd kat and andre get fucked the lot of yas mkr .
came to training camp today to find charlie batch asleep on the curb .
throw me in trash .
dis hoe got uh nose .
claims hoes dont exist uses hoe in her name .
i had wack dick until i started messing with white hoes they stuck around amp let a young goon practice on em .
omg dot im sure thats not all you give away for free bitch 128128 .
8220viridoesitt last night was cool until niggas was more worried bout us than like that all the time .
i lux coach k because without him we would of never heard of duke lol charlie .
im driving myself .
i hate this niggah man lol .
spacekatgal yeahhhh they were a loss until facebook bought them fbook didnt buy them to make money off the service .
devslashzero chilblane freebsdgirl well technically gif is a hard g .
feel same way about new england patriots amp new york yankees but unlike u ive worked in boston amp nyc texas prison is upgrade .
these 5th grade hoes aint loyal .
id be the best at owning a bird i could teach them the funniest things to say .
hoe im at work til like 8 .
say what you will about the promogirls but their apple pie does sound kickass mkr .
you kno i love stuffed clams .
amaninblack its hard to not have those feelings sometimes maybe step for the night or do what i do use it as motivation .
dfkinlopes when a bitch too close to you .
what ever happened to the teen of my day and why must they mock me with this teen go .
michael pineda hides his neck fact that the yankees cheat go red sox boston .
i hate when italian ppl say olive garden isnt real italian food fuck ur grandmas roasted you bitch olive garden i8230 .
i was accused of never taking a full front face shot so here is one no slant or angle or nothing .
back bitch .
men weet van niet hoe moet maar is .
kaylinevergreen so am i tbh it took a few tries to make it balance .
quit talking shit you fucking faggot youre seriously just mad bc no one wants you who the fuck do you even think you are .
im finally ready to mass market my but apparently is already taken .
i read that in his voice like a .
ugh white trash .
when you look like trash and someone compliments you .
that movie look like trash .
uh okay .
these hoes kno bout me .
im sick of niggas lying im sick of bitches matter of fact im sick of talking rip big .
im headed south and im about 40 miles from the border ill let you know .
carriepotter i am just at the claim someone at let this article get out there wo making sure it was .
kicked the soul outta dis bitch .
im thinking mkr will go past christmas eve and get into 2016 at this rate .
if you was a bitch nigga in 2013 you still be a bitch nigga in 2014 128175128175 .
drive you nigger .
bitch ass nigga square up 128514128514 caelang15 .
real niggas let real bitches come 128070 .
get these hoe ass off the stage vmas .
mother nature is drunk again this bitch knows how to party .
thequinnspiracy you are amazing and i love you .
lostb0y no bitch w my dick .
aiiane awesome cant wait to hear from you .
i want some taco truck tacos amp her mom be having them bitches smacking .
freebsdgirl its like somebody knives who wont take responsibility if one of them hurts an .
you should have vomited and shit into a garbage bag and handed it to him .
people talk shit on twitter but when they see you in person be looking like bitch wtf you looking at yes its me yeah im cute .
joseline in the audience mad than a bitch .
this is going to be a better finale than how i met your mother one way or another .
do you people even hear yourselves .
lets not forget that the person that started these about my code got fired from zynga for being impossible to work with .
it is my god given right to have white bitches .
i dont get it im either a pussy or troll where is the room for the truth and or my opinions on my tl social media fucked up .
jawshoeeahhh bitch answer me lol .
gurujeremy thats how niggas get cheated on she lie in ur face bc she in denial about her hoe actions but she tell her it8230 .
see i told yall nikko was holding her ass up that bitch aint got no upper body strength .
i grew up ina jungle wit the gorilla snakes amp bird ass niggas .
so to wells soccer tomorrow yall are playing kick their asses im pretty sure this fag is playing .
gamergate is the longest running game of ever .
taxstone yall bitches got to learn the difference between like and love .
espn hot off the press here8217s todd first nfl mock draft including a new no 1 .
i am what u said i am but am aint no bitch .
i got the giggles because im a fag i aint gon lie lol 1285141285148221 .
i watched one and a bitch holding the camera said yall need to hurry about to die nooooo .
when she ask how imma eat her pussy .
im tired of bitches thinking they cool when they ugly if youre ugly bitch thats all you are is ugly .
shereeny caulkthewagon i dont in callout culture i think its vile im sorry bad things happened to her but this isnt ok .
i shouldve fought you when i was over there if only i was myself and i havent popped that talking about u only need two hits bitch please .
my nephew albino have eye its not their .
hoe what its hitting for .
god all a nigga trust i cant trust that gun cuz if that bitch jam im fucked cant trust niggas they bitches got they .
niggas who stand in line for mad at me now ehh fuck you i pull hoes nd stunt without em on .
we all know a double faced bitch named madison .
first of all you my type of bitch .
hahaha good luck with that one bitch .
carelessone92 weeknd make for the hoes b im tryna meet these women he be talkin bout .
woridstarhlphop this talking eggplant af .
by the way we do punch bitches .
what females do on brag bout loyalty 2 call other females song complain bout .
i just realized what my soggy knees meant that is better than freeze peaches i feel so old .
uh a doesnt like .
eff it lets go after the you have to see wendy davis new attack ad video .
apple ceo says gay is a gift from as part of campaign to sell iphone to queers .
roguestar is one of those ppl that i wouldnt be surprised to see on the news for shooting up a store but no one would call him .
that pussy so wet she gotta dry telling my business .
its bitch artist of the year .
yesallwomen are sick and tired of but theres two sides to rape and murder .
bitch syndrome .
iamtroyal5 teflondon4200 bossmancarl push you out and had a white baby like a bitch .
ha ha the look on kats face when the judges delivered their critique priceless mkr mykitchenrules .
done for the yankees .
i will never date a female with another niggah name on her lol wtf .
niggas really be proud of having hoes but how many of yall gonna bring them dirty bitches home to .
no bitch i had to use my .
near .
thirsty not attractive .
i got no respect for hoe shit .
pouyalilpou i got bitches an i know some fuck yall .
have let that hoe bring one boy to the yard and watch what 8230 .
quit being a pussy .
maybe im just some bitter ass nigguh like .
lohanthony im so hungry if someone would send me a flying with brownies attached to it like they do in the hunger games tha8230 .
kiefferjason bitch am not i really dont fucking like you why the fuck are you even talking to me .
yup i have a major problem with dc and their treatment of women .
the can be a joke but theres some value in voting anyway drag your friends to the polls please we need high turnout .
someone let me know why drake so cold he my favorite rapper this niggah hard .
capodaasshole yea he coming back him big doing something for that hoe .
chanelisabeth happy birthday to my main hoe and partner in crime whitecholo23 .
all these fuckin dudes do is bitch at the the fuck up and play .
and you a funny ofay my woulda been happy i made friends wit da folk dat brought us to da new world in .
i ace hoe soo many niggas at the growing up 128514128514128514 im talking strong armed too 128170 .
man this bitch smells like cheap lip stick .
is this real life mkr .
kiefferjason sbsylvester where yall be at oh we going fight come to town east bitch .
i talked to some birds i fell in love again .
put that muthafuckin jelly on that bread bitch spread it .
louievree dyke bitches walk around proud with their pregnant girlfriend like they got her pregnant .
whiteboicoleman thought you were sleeping bitch .
i am really curious as to why is throwing around accusations of bullying when someone an opinion irt writing direction .
theyre so i just want like a salty cheesy cracker .
slaunchaman thats still not my login for freebsd p .
coreyemanuel bet my trash ass self is just that petty .
can someone get that homeless irish guy a jacket that fits mkr .
dad why are your eyes so red son i smoked weed dad dad dont lie to me you were crying because you are a faggot .
aye its a lot of niggas out here that cant fuck a bad bitch unless they get her drunk smh preach .
im back bitch .
i got a main bitch i got new hoe love my ak but i got my 44 .
same hoe that said i couldnt get it tryna kick it .
gidgitvonlarue mkr yes annie a pony is on the menu god you are .
the mock draft continues cleveland is on the clock paul allen has the 8th pick i am going with def back justin gilbert .
this is why chrisbrown is a dumb ass hoe .
i say fuck them other niggas bitch im all you need 128074 .
im not down to be a side bitch tho 128075 .
when the ghost picks u up after u dive in the pussy .
me8221 ass hoes got an iphone but it8217s off ass bitches .
we was wearing shorts about a week ya cause its freezing hoe freezing hoe 128514128514128514 .
seanbonner just because i disagree with you doesnt mean i have strong feelings about you i just dislike your solution .
kstar ya beats trash nigga chiefkeef fuck who dont like .
punch that hoe cause she deserve it .
fingers crossed for you if not chug chug chug lol .
man how you shittin on all these hoes when youre only cute with make up on 9995128564 .
man that bad niggaz tweet was a feed bullshit negativity and niggaz line up for a plate .
blondies one way or another really is a creepy song .
what a bitch .
bitch tryna get in for free promoting n shit lmaooo i see you in tha cut .
like fucc i got into it wit my mama ajay the damn lunch lady duddy lowkey amp some lit hoe 128514128557 all in one day .
metroadlib dont ever be afraid to double bitch always expect you to be like im sorry if i got loud or im sorry to s8230 .
i want some clams on the half shell .
i miss my monkey 128533 .
merry christmas to all yall bitches and hoes .
oh shit i accidentally blocked you whoops .
nigger hair comin from this bitch who had a dread on the back of she forgot from ago .
asked before the game if like to be a starter again someday 8220if the yankees ever asked me i would but i8217m a r8230 .
u think that dream has anything to do with those two dumb bitches in san diego lol .
mydickiscalled my dick is called eggo because bitches never wanna my eggo .
bitch need .
i made ya bitch wit that one 128514 .
them pretty nail bitches them bail you outta jail bitches .
u can just ask him to suck his dick not that hard white trash .
rise up gonna get higher and higher its all hips and nips otherwise i aint eating .
mickystre it took her ages to learn after she from mkr .
lifeasking ive only like about 3 trash .
yep steve just sorta compared alabama to the yankees theyve ny got the biggest they dont win .
i was a huge like i had but only because my ninja needed bitches truth .
text ya bitch like ya man suck meet me at da store tell em get his bands up 128527 .
shitpussiessay jessica im not afraid to slit your throat tomorrow .
miss you ya fucker send me a txt every now and again like ya used to all ill do the same ya twat p .
fuck your chicken sandwich ho .
like some of the worst lyrics they post are beautiful but just because they dont know what theyre talking about its trash .
like why tf is this bitch following me .
bird hats gt every other hat .
i jus wanna let you know trash aint shit yall aint goin nowhere without harden .
ethelmonster sadsuspenders im visiting my moms house and shes all why are you laughing i dont know how to explain this .
oh its coming up little bitch and the us has no over it itll be a to watch .
mkr i love annie and there like a real life disney couple its so adorable .
them hoes aint solid 8220satisfiedx i laugh so hard when females be all in my dms but they have a avi picture with the8230 .
slap a taco in tht hoe face .
italianmontana fuck off frank you pussy .
morningjoe wonder how many us citizens have joined isis after listening to joe trash this black president good job joe .
you could be viewing the future through rosecolored glasses t more for libra .
at the least .
spacekatgal yo we should use this maybe i should say i dislike your game .
verballyabrupt bitch where u been .
straight up your hoes can wait .
when the nigga with the aux cord playin some trash shit .
yo who do i know at i can never recall names employers .
i love everybody ion hate these bitches .
is this series ever going to end mkr .
and a fuck you from across the country kat you wont last 5 minutes against the other teams mkr2015 mkr .
i hate that one random tear that comes out when you havent nigga stop being a bitch .
bitch im i do what i want .
mkr mkr2015 girls the ice cream churner isnt broken you just got the middle bit turned upside down .
mkr has been on for 9 months and we have only lost 3 teams .
then they wanna ask you questions bitch just tell me what you need me to do and stop my playlist .
ive only got 10 minutes so gotta keep it simple ill figure something out .
if he dont believe you no hoe .
i feel sorry for da females that dont get what they deserve while these hoe bitches get treated like queens .
i got all these hoes when i walk thru .
boyfriends and brothers will drop off and pick up bitches from their fast food job as long as their promised a free meal .
cinco de mind yo own damn business bitch .
android is for jerks .
dont think anyone is mocking the man ive seen people mock the of social media of .
nowthatsfresh hoes love exposing other hoes on twitter .
austin is a funny niggah .
screaming after wes bitch ass is losing her damn mind she need to put the big girl panties back on htgawm .
niggas be catching attitudes and expect a bitch to beg plenty of to figure out whats his problem no .
bitch niggas owe me money .
mkr for the next lunch challenge annie amp lloyd will be making a bowl of with hash browns .
if it wasnt for this blanket my nips would be harder than the search for frank .
bryce what happened to going fishing bitch .
i will fight a bitch for austin thats my right there aint no one messing with my white chocolate drop .
callmerenee 82201inkkofrosess callmerenee wussup finna take it in .
guests use my i get emails weight sometimes when were playing card games ill mouth the number at them i win .
yall couldnt wait till halloween to dress up like hoes .
niggas talking bout these hoes aint loyal but they been to 6 different .
therealjb1rd they best not fuss about this basement bitch is like a skating .
i aint tryna steal ya car but i did eat the hell wifes pussy htgawm .
mcnarstle yes the bird tweets in the morning are lovely but remember what youre hearing is bird cock here get some rock hard bird8230 .
what a retard .
wearing lucky yellow shirt nails bitter from tea leaves .
her pussy clean but she dance dirty .
0 love for these hoes .
pussy .
the girls need to learn how to churn mkr .
i am grandma p .
bitchniggaalexx go talk to your other hoes .
i got some retarded ass friends but i love em tho they make my life nicer .
ivanrabago woodyafc fucking faggot .
dr phil im having trouble figuring out what my fat ass wants to eat where are the drinks and the bitches .
you bitches are crazy .
what if i tell yall im trying to turn up for classic bitch you got the id .
prediction super model fail mkr .
doctoravenue freebsdgirl whatever your announcement is going to be i think it broke reddit .
day of judgement everybody gonna be looking at the big jumbotron watching me fuck this bitch .
aint that a bitch .
let me text my hoes gm or .
just know a old bitch in tn has ur back .
amanda is crazy idc what else yall wanna call it but da bitch been crazy .
men womens in fields they themselves know nothing about since bc .
finished and still hate the arizona for winning in yankees shoulda had that .
staycoolwheels screaming like a little bitch lmaooo .
blizzard has had issues in the past with certain things being delayed i would strongly dislike a tweet being delayed .
i need a spanish woman they dont have ghetto names they can cook they down with u till the casket and they .
your body double is now available for pickup theyll never know the diff http .
mmmm what are your fave love chinese food binksterb kittyholiday mkr mmmm .
the frog called and he wants his voice back mkr mkr2015 killerblondes mykitchenrules .
thequinnspiracy voiceofrae spacekatgal fuck yes .
naw dogs run this bitch .
senorsteez this whole week was trash .
drurbanski trentmkays ive just seen way to many abuse lately that suggest some sort of pay wall cant get behind that .
im thinking mkr will go past christmas eve and get into 2016 at this rate .
nigga what u talkn bout tell them hoes get on they dj unk shit if they aint sucking walk it out .
my bitch bad like brittany but i wish i had brittany .
these hoes will be exposed .
anybody remember that movie i didnt noticed how the bird was until now .
callmerenee wussup bitch .
turbocunt yes and you are adorable .
ya bitch got my dirty pistol in her crib uoeno it .
longlivechris project hoes when bitches get that income tax they do shit like this .
thats why i could always call smurf for anything my niggah always there even when im beefing w my baby .
then bitches gon fuck just because money long .
i fight for the users .
you got niggas and i got aint never lied .
pro tip any time a man starts to give an opinion on womens appearances play the song of your choice in your head and start dancing big .
screaming like a lil bitch 128514 .
johnfkennedy one mans trash is another mans wife fact .
juicygenie fat bitches that think they cute .
oh no .
seconds from the end whats it gonna be pull the trigger bitch .
im done with im just ready to wake up and have pussy for breakfast everyday .
all these touch screen phones and hoe u still got flipped .
huntermoore fuck my throbbing pussy slowly .
yanks wont make the playoffs but we aint in the al basement thats the red sox .
8220idoclyfe that movie look like trash8221 its really good .
lol shut up vonshayeb lmao early bird gets the worm .
people selling african art not cool okay blackish redskins .
told my home girl bitch you bet not change on mee .
freebsdgirl gotta love that we determine the good feminists and its men mentality that gg has zero .
sexy japanese slut fingers and toys her pussy on the steps squirting her juice .
another movie thats gonna make you question your bitch 128530128514 .
knew a bad bitch but she was kinda slow .
danusaur bitch youre the ugly one thats why everyone leaves you .
rayiopez when youre approaching your high score in flappy bird and die one pipe away .
ever consider shes just you amp doesnt give a shit explaining the rule to the again truestory notsexist .
you bitches wearing leggings everyday are sick i know yall wore the same pair 3 days in a row you cant fool me .
why you fuckin wit a niggah if you aint fuckin wit a real niggah .
step up into the bitch nuts i could use something to wipe my ass with .
california chrome bitches .
i need some good pussy fuck .
fat hoes on twitter calling themselves bitch you aint no damn barbie you a damn care bear .
dont get it twisted its my shit bow down bitches .
titan21mtzzz vegeta is a little bitch .
lilduval one good woman is worth a thousand bad i still wanna fuck a thousand bitches .
i love this bitch hes dear to my heart .
why yall doing the als challenge if yall not gonna donate cuz we dont amp tiger blood to donate unlike charlie 8230 .
stop sayin my gov name fuck wrong widd u bitch is u stupid .
niggas trash af .
the top comeback for when you call a nigga ugly 1 i still pull more hoes than you .
sharea40ounce trying to get a job after age 50 is a real bitch let alone a new career out of work 15 years about to be homeless .
im retarded and all we had were beers a lot of beers .
why does msnbc have a news show that is 100 opinion amp right wing talking points joe the nation is with pbo not u teabaggers morningjoe .
lots of raw food around mkr .
then again no more animal print pants so win mkr .
submersechill oh i rted and it .
yeah this is more activist specific less time talking to press more time writing code .
nobody likes a dry sausage mkr .
mikestud touch my throbbing pussy .
have you ever slapped a bitch for giving you a big wiggy wiggy wiggy .
way to delete your tweets you bitch .
charlie clips vs yung ill review .
if your girlfriend doesnt like that bitch you dont talk to that bitch .
yankees pineda needed that 67 great play .
im all cock and pussy like in my tweets and all penis and vagina like in dms 128586 .
the only place i ever ask them to drive me is to the rave for shows and they fucking bitch about that .
you bitch .
a dick and a bitch i hate them both now .
uh can the call to ashran noise please be a little louder .
i would have thought the sassy sisters would leave of their own only room for one girl team right mkr .
my name is you can find me at im the baddest bitch youll meet because everybody wants to be .
lmfao all bitches is hoes then .
like don will intentionally and forever cripple our peoples ability to a and political .
not to sound like a total bitch but im tired of peoples kids and the back to school we aint post pics on the back to college day .
i am now going to watch beyonce videos while wearing the same socks as beyonce .
wodaeeex3 it didnt open das y i asked cus i thought yu ate wat i had pork chops yellow rice n beans .
just said goodbye to another team are you happy with elimination result mkr .
mkr just go home already .
raikonl no i am resisting .
you really care bout dis bitch my dick all in yo feelings .
i always love when and i about bitches 128076 .
hoes will be hoes lol .
the big bitch in the back of a group of girls is known as the fat .
i shouldve 128553 that bitches wallet was than her .
yo bitch just letr .
horny japanese milf and toys her .
you just salty you ugly and white itsnotharold they all some hoes .
you can call me cause i turn the hoes on .
bitches be thinking they are soooo out here like no your just an everyday average instagram bitch .
because when young women look at to the rape statistics are more important than its .
salon salon is is chuck full of butthurt liberal retards .
this is why charlie sheen is an .
deathofrats01 i know nothing about writing code in windows p .
the witch of the east is done now send that vile bitch to syria .
jillwetzler brentonpoke i dont but it is so good .
im in the cut with my old boys and this bitch asks me to smoke weed with her in a fucking the fuck lol hell no .
we should have some more info posted about oapi soon lots of questions about if we are hiring glad to see people so excited .
pussy nicca we aint friends you aint gotta me voice .
why hella bitches act like they got everything they have on they own like no bitch you had some form of assistance .
hold up lebron aint at wedding if he got uninvited for leaving miami thats some hoe shit see yall so quick to call brother .
no one knows the words to that song they only know the sexy george michael is a pussy .
even liberals are by charlie claim the gop backs slavery hot air .
stweetheart crackling people mkr .
next person i see tweeting that bitch shitting on herself im unfollowing you8221 .
hey democrats for you early birds join us busboysandpoets tomorrow its the second saturday of april http8230 .
lol its gonna be so fun got two on the way .
hidalgoparadise lol its hoe bitch ass .
lifeofbrandon bitch you need to bring your ass to fucking practice .
did you get your yet faggot .
tristine214 i swear des hoes just making up challenges now .
congrats amos .
that movie was trash .
sometimes i feel i need to remind people that being for your childhood isnt universal .
i did anything for my bitch now these hoes only get hard dick nbs .
these hoes be twerkin for poppin coochie for gucci wide for that over for louis .
8220koleworld4 128541 swear they .
they have some ghetto ass bands gets 128514128514128514128514 .
actually the cab cleaner was not for cars rildom1 .
death to attention hoes .
finicalgal the deconstructed lemon tart looks pretty much like what your plate might look like after youve eaten a lemon tart mkr .
let me find out floyd mayweather is being a bitter bitch today all on the social .
old white people complaining about government is like the yankees being upset that players make too much money .
smile at the hoes who hate you .
i actually prefer colins comments he doesnt hold back mkr .
blakeanderson21 joclark6 chicken fried steak it is boys potatoes green beans corn an ice cream an brownies for after .
amaninblack although this is tricky whats it going to another suspended gater account .
circle that kat and andre will face sudden death mkr .
its this hoe pics im looking at she got her ass out in then got 5 with her hoes crazy .
lol the others have no knowledge about the mkr .
mann these hoes get nothin 1041233 but some dick and instructions 1041204 if she with mee she i said i .
blakeanderson21 thanks hun haha .
paleo mkr .
last nights mkr looked like a with thewalkingdead zombies heading towards the food .
lifes a bitch youve got to go out and kick ass .
man i thought that was yo old bitch when you first went to the feds i was that nigga she would smoke with .
whitethunduh nah fam i gotta cheat with the hoes depends on the female i feel .
hoes respect niggas who get strait to the point i wont lead a bitch on if all i wont is crash den it will be up .
bad bitch chest wonder why miss righteous keeps on getting left out .
it me tf off when i call you back a half a second later nd you dont answer you a bitch ass nigga for that .
happy happy whoa oh whoa ho .
kirindave amp if you want to about being called on it i guess thats your .
niggaz talk more than bitches these days .
dont be a bitch to someone who can out bitch you .
all you bitches can keep getting jealous i .
annie and lloyd crime against cooking mkr .
like said we all ghetto b lol .
im mad james let me drink that shit payback is a bitch .
obviously mkr doesnt believe in slip slop slap they all look sunburnt .
kalikushdoll this bitch havemercyyy .
being a stupid bitch apparently .
even my moms knows i dont fuck with ghetto people .
come for the brothas and other about culture like bitch plz .
next time i get told that women arent good at computers ill just try lavender ladylike .
theauthor oh youre mad that i called you a slur see women are so yep thats totally why women .
dominictarason twoscooters officialpax shaofhappiness wait which .
homemade soup is very good with vegetables on the side with crackers .
bitch you mentioned me first tf wrong wit yo ass .
this you i wonder what she thinks now mkr .
so was slavery and not letting women to vote jim crow laws etc etc i can do this all day lol .
jaimescudi lmao fucking bitch ima whoop you like a did yesterday but im trying to update the roster you down .
good honkies .
see 128064 ima stop getting on this here twitter arguing with you is a that i not fuck with .
smile at the bitches who hate you .
dab r us nigguh .
someone gave me a nip of irish cream coffee what can i use it .
oh please youre a pussy .
dat bitch mouth made da honor roll .
ill stop drugs alcohol fags sluts for you just give me a chance its been a year and i feel the same that clearly means something .
charlie sheen will star in a new as an anger management so whats next anthony as the owner of .
buckm00se he wasnt training gook boy doe .
horny milf in sexy lingerie has her old pussy by a .
im about to start calling out people and why they do retarded things .
i knew nikki reminded me of someone mkr .
was just informed that aint dead ho8230 lol okay sure .
shut up faggot .
a lot of women who claim they are yellow are actually red color blind mother im yellow tho .
a hunned nicca .
cuhcuhcuh i got no love for bitches or bitch niggas cuh .
cant handle this bitch and her elbow fat .
cant wait to see who finally wins this 27 months mkr .
uh oh california fries thousands of birds in hot air .
it doesnt to the workforce because womens work isnt paid and therefore is not considered work but you know shine on .
find at escape bitches .
if i had hair i would seriously go for a perm now is a stone cold bitch .
man i got fucked within an inch of my life this evening im so by that bitch 128553128514128514 .
niggas stop giving these hoes attention how about retweeting true beauty instead of retweeting these half naked mf .
lmfao .
well pee is yellow .
my nigga calls fat bitches 8221 lmao .
oh my dogs pussy is so tight time to it 128527 .
lol i have an obsession with smell smelly good .
lilduval a good woman comes around every 3 bitches a good man comes u get the point .
you dont get bitches take care the overrated album that has been released in the last 5 years .
its stuff like this that makes black people look retarded its not yourself its stupidity .
sschinke tsundererager of code using wouldnt reply to ebooks accounts .
imtoblame lyin ass bitch .
this bitch on maury got 11 baby daddys .
when i get home i have 1 million emails to answer .
for everyone that is involved in this space theres a huge personal risk people get targeted friends and family get targeted .
she was mad for like 5 mins got over it and hit him right back up lol she care about that niggah .
sad that girls look up to kim so much like damn she got famous from being a hoe and making sex tapes we need to find better role models .
yeah im small den a hoe .
a hour youre home and chillin and im working pussy 128536 .
mckinley719 fuck bitches get money .
shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tits .
an inning and a half away from alex rodriguez being to play just a thought yankees omg feel an .
meatballs for breakfast you truly are .
denkt wel t over he amp je hoe je ben voor van .
as i tweeted before any man telling me to go to the kitchen this season could tell his mom that father probably wouldnt of .
ive also been told that some of the people mentioned in article didnt even talk to her she quoted them without asking .
bullshit strategic scores piss me off mkr .
does it bother anyone else that the planet of the apes timeline makes no sense .
i can smell your fried chicken ass a mile away boi and clean your nasty ass ears ratchet bitch .
amp when a nigga dont care if you leave its cause he gotta another bitch he was tired of creeping w anyway .
niggas already acting like bitches so why not get a real bitch right hell if you gone act like a pussy i rather just have one shit .
danusaur we dont love these hoes .
ladyvodkax were talking about fucking you right in the pussy .
my manager is retarded bruh always asking siri some 128514128514128514 this nigga is dum af doe .
im not fuckin wit october she on some new shit bitch cold .
laceeybugg youre such a queer .
oh no we are not surprised mkr mkr2015 .
billythathird aye were da fawking of fawking queens and fawking .
but you nvm bjayblast i dont see why men disrespect women by calling them offensive names like bitch hoe slut or female smh .
theonlyreed warm that pussy up .
my budget is tiny i just got an ipad it was a big expense for me .
you should probably go clean your nasty pussy and not worry about wtf im doing .
the perfect gift for the jihadi on your shopping list .
if my daughter had a yellow smear like that in her nappy id be her to the doctor mkr .
abisinsurance my current insurance is kaiser have a doctor there i have to continue to see insurance ends in a month .
hittin licks what you get outta amp yo boys is some pussy cats .
femfreq actual conversation because im living in world how many death threats is that me you asking all time o .
my bitch cold not average you couldnt fuck my last bitch .
this bitch comes right in amp gets comfortable i never saw this yo my gut all out i hate .
lots watching mkr who are oblivious about where tin for their phones and computers come from ignorance is  .
iamyaokhari 500 years of racism and they think nigger hurts my feelings lol white people are funny .
i know when bitches discuss me in a group message the words asshole cute and douche bag are abused excessively .
typical hoe police .
taecocky rihanna is a talented hoe .
optimisticdoom i got hit on back .
rayiopez niggas be there go the cool fuck .
was a bitch and for what reason .
if you go to the barber shop on friday you have to your charger and some snacks in that bitch 128514 .
on my way to fuck your bitch .
when my teacher says basic algebra i think of basic .
he was no more a cunt with a shitty attitude than or or .
thedrunkstory my bro made out with an ugly chick at a while drunk so now hes known as larry bird because he hits 8230 .
i guess ill just trash this drawing because of roster .
i hate when people take a and be like dont mind the background 9995 nah bitch imma mind 128563 .
lilduval regular bitches be trusting niggaz and letting them raw these hoes know better .
this picture on made chinas add big yellow duck to its list of banned terms 8594 .
causewereguys when the bitch you know tweets about being real .
twitch plays call of duty enter trash talk in the chat the will do the rest .
going to make some any i bananas mkr .
midnightsnacka bitches like u be proving my point u speak on shit u know nothing about i got a fucking at studio movie grill just stfu .
satisfiedx but cant nobody at yall rally out jigg me .
one thing i love about my relationship is we have an understanding that we dont like cute shit cute is for the birds .
now the rest of them can eat their melted sorbet mkr .
you got followers n the same bed sheets from last month these bitches be voice .
same hoes is still at it i shouldve .
your sole purpose is to make money otherwise youd suggest violence prevention policies that actually work piersmorgan .
rows for the hoescurls for the girlsplanks for the skanks deep cuts for the slutsquads for the broadsno pecs no sex .
bitch i have this .
funnyorfact if i was stranded on an island and could only bring one thing i would bring dora that bitch has everything in that fu .
not sure why a selfie stick would need this i guess everything is better with .
djfeds lmao yeah bitch that lil shit ripped .
laid off along with a whole game team lt3 .
but they only talk on twitter bc pussies in real life .
8220jcash voiceofdstreetz nigga im talm bout and juice 128514128514128514 me too ion hoe em .
since a bitch i been nat nigga .
where the fuck is your top lip in my pussy8221 .
shjade scalzi they are what it sounds like very colors that .
allieemorse i cant imagine .
got all the bitches .
they love me at the place i bring my car dont know why spanish men love me sometimes i do look like a guala though lol .
dont ever be ashamed of who you are unless you a hoe then be ashamed bitch .
hornyfacts a girl knows when a bitch likes her boyfriend 128564128080 .
all bow wow hoes on the stage lol .
im staring at that bowl myself for leaving engineering and going into npo which does not allow me to ridiculous things .
this dessert is making me sad mkr .
use coconut oil faggot .
hoping editing might be to blame but katandandre need to check themselves cant wait till theyre out cooked by the other teams mkr .
youre stuck on ghetto middle school days step our g 8212 wtf how ah i stuck in the middle school games bc .
why would you serve this shit to colin honestly mkr .
stevestfler future bae best drink water so her pussy taste like retweets amp apples .
andrewcybulska wow really .
only the strong survive and you niggas is bitches .
boy these niccas should be ashamed .
when you see 10 male in a row you dont find funny do you attribute their to their gender .
uh twitter safety i am that you want me to reply to these emails with more details when i file a report .
tarah girlziplocked hypatiadotca justkellyok ameliagreenhall uh and anyone that is crazy or attention seeking .
kingtunchi lowkey i put sum of these hoes on the map so call me kingtunchi bitch .
dont trust these hoes .
yankees scores dont matter in spring training man .
birds of a feather flock together .
i could say my name ya bitch already knows it 127926 .
thekaosyatti fb hoe next time be nicer lmfao .
when a real niggah want you .
tyleriam not a one tyleriam lmaooooooo never saw a bitch at a concert blood .
notallbhas i watched 4 episodes of in living color i am kinda an expert gawd .
politibunny not really i blocked her someone that likes to sick on people .
this is a sexy tweet yankees with a 60 lead yankees turn to matt to finish off the red sox in the 9th .
you got wild bitches tellin you .
dylanw im pretty familiar with the concept but not the feeling good read though .
nigga paybacks a bitch .
temple was a bad bitch when she was my age as well .
kat didnt like the mkr mkr2015 .
mary jane is a dumb has a job saving the city as spiderman and shes bitching about how he hasnt came to her play .
ugly bitches post the most retarded shit on social media .
oh its saturday funny time you better redneck .
i dont care what bs cernovich has done have some goddamn ethics for real though .
oomf can get it but im chilling till da bitch hit me up .
dyke .
drasko is a dick but hes a bit cute mkr .
i to any food item that rhymes with turd mkr .
if having hoes you you still a lil nigga 128581 .
real bitches like me make sure you get some even when they not lol .
killing in ohio by a police officer has created a of police and .
my hair .
bitches get cut off everyday b .
a reminder rts are not .
keep ya draws on hoe .
jaydillz theyre both big bitches tho lol .
lostb0y do you bitch boy .
i name my niggas after nba nigga larry bird is a strait .
wrong maybe you been dealing with pussies but i dont put up with that crap if i f up telling me i f up keep it real .
i when died and i 35 years later captain yankees .
if you enjoy hunting for sport then youre trash if you hunt for food you deserve to starve .
just chilling in crabfest15 vip with the one and only carol from mkr .
one of the biggest of a bitch was so why a nigga gotta act like a to the police .
powers u dont go outside ur tanks been on full for 2 months u anti social monkey .
tonyjrodriguez just a bunch of rednecks for three straight days .
thatboyace71 not tweeting like a bitch finally .
hell yuhh they hit haha so ma one takes a chug then .
the team tried to steal amp spanish baked egg dish mkr .
i got these 5 hoes that randomly hit me up every so often amp cant tell if they like me or tryna rob me .
black guy in class attempts to throw a paper ball into the mrs youre a disgrace to your race .
cry over lost pussy more emotional than a sissy they get out amp front on hoes simple minds amp point brothas like me out .
i see you subtweeting me hoe .
get me that shit bitch you is fine bear .
kingtunchi lol its funny tho cuz every hoe that talk shit i nvm that shit aint player .
jamajam im not saying im for this but studs will fuck trannys but wont let they bitch strap them down you muhfuckas childish lol .
ozlito 1stblocjeremiah ctfu hell yea yo bitch ever got out .
da house next door to me been sold to honkies .
yuhh im finna hit that hoe .
back in this bitch .
i know i know i know them streets they fuck with me strong and them bitches gon fuck just because money .
i cant tell if i want to fuck you or if i want to slit your throat .
enjoy your finger painting guests mkr .
im tired bitch 128532 .
you better and ima let that bitch slide right now just be on .
those blond girls make me crazy they are so annoying mkr .
lol stupid ass bitch i dont fuck w you .
bet you stick dat hoe .
stop trying to be down honky .
they are literally going thru a laundry list of and heavily every one .
patreon lt3 thank you .
smoking isnt a game you could get killed monkey see monkey dont smoke if your not a yall are the reason .
i aint talking onna phone butch we straight texting ion wanna go to the movies bitch we 128175 .
when i see a pretty girl i be like yassss slay on these hoes .
chris stop your angry bird spitting n dana go ur racial u didnt carter n u never talk abt him .
i want all my hoes back .
i cant see how there was any real cooking in the main mkr .
that bitch came in lmao .
blonde bitch wit her blue eyes like butter when she spread .
colins back mkr .
the current system is some of us are at these and we can help you .
shit trash .
brotherbill7 thirsty hoes 128129 .
ima hypocrite ill say i dont fuck with hoes then 2 days later let a hoe play with my dick in the mcdonalds drive thru love their fries .
all these hoes fuckin but they dont wanna seem like a hoe you gotta hit them ona d .
bitch your yuck .
the easy way out while you females calling them hoes asking if they want ketchup with they fries httpt8230 .
it for me please and thanks did a pierced pussy just come across my timeline 128528 .
god made male and female blades of grass every living thing must itself to stay on this earth birds bees and grass .
the girls tonight have talked it up they need to deliver they better get some pork on there fork mkr .
once a hoe always a hoe 128076 .
ay fuck remember to eat before you drink and remember to drink water while youre drinking and also to go eat shit you pussy head .
im not sexist but couldnt help laugh at this .
simple minded hoe .
10 under in miami is a hard to find them hoes just like to brain .
on yo main bitch me and my nigga hell naw we dont date hoes .
girls wanna meet a man with plans and and a boy on a pussy hit mission .
kat and andre are awful giving a 1 mkr .
in hopes of recruiting more women isis opens jihadi finishing school vocativ .
nooo sheri and emilie i dont want to see them in sudden death  mkr .
mike is the son of a bitch ive ever known .
mabelsay myspace died a couple of years ago facebook in the hospital twitter at the strip club throwing ones at the big booty .
nah its people dont tell artists what do to thats the definition of what we are trying to show retards .
you gonna be 33 years old with no bitches .
round 2 of mkr you guys did an amazing job starting to get about our turn .
who gets your vote can we vote for more than one mykitchenrules mkr mkr2015 .
miley cyrus just wants to hump things and smoke weed with her retarded ass .
ok thats enough the bear have a lot to do today my most difficult decision is going to be what to wear gtgt .
when u unfollow ah bitch after fucking wit dey nigga dat make yall feel some kind of .
early morning beer as a reward for waking up and taking the trash out .
we in dat bitch my dude .
umm annie they arnt meatballs mkr .
free nigga let all a my dogs out moma said no pussy cats inside my dog house gang .
breezy gotta sleep this hoe .
if its trash im kickin yo ass .
never worried about the next bitch always worryin about the next meal im tryna fuckin eat fuck what you talkin .
srhbutts women at gdc share stories this is how gamergate to respond .
daltonryann laying in bed bout to pass out is gonna be a bitch .
i gonna start unfollowing angry bitches shit is mad depressing .
rickiroma shut the fuck up you guys a mediocre washed juice sit down and win close games against raiders and jets faggot .
pussy .
son of a bitch .
blackjeezuss i want a black guy thats wears jordans and has tattoos bitch thats a created player on 2k .
really mkr .
u want a cookie tomorrow bitch lostb0y .
some of yall females undercover hoes .
milfgaardian depends on shade when doing blues most fades out blue most sfx fades out .
savages day is like coloreds dat wrap day hoes like .
this hoe taken by the world smh .
and if thats yo bitch then you may have to fight .
on top of that she just a pregnant ass sorry hoe aint never got no money even her water broke .
peta right in the pussy .
i aint really trippin about the money yo that shit constantly comes like a bitch pussy .
thats energy the city is electric gotta go to yankees stadium when they are winning it is truly .
bitch thats yo nigga 128064 well you aint his bitch .
fast snatch is back surprise mkr .
leelucas bitch nobody want you .
lawd jesus this cant be to ghetto to be real lol .
wetsprocket oh no so worried totes shaking why care .
notice i dont make music for niggas that dont get .
xdsmooth 1bookieg remember that one bitch ass you ate out last week .
watch tries to hit hank during break play pussy attempt by a pussy .
if you sweat pussy its somethin new to you .
feel like im at home when im in dis bitch .
listening to twoscooters talk about how harassment is important and how we are going to help you through it .
good news is kat and andre arent shown in the promo ads mkr .
i bet this hoe pussy look like spoiled chocolate milk 128514 .
tarah girlziplocked hypatiadotca justkellyok ameliagreenhall well you have his support but you just lost mine .
there was a bird on the back dead with i on the of life put him in a bag and threw him in the trash .
and what pray tell is their place .
my sister use to walk the so the way i see it that bitch dont have no place to try amp tell me wtf i should amp shouldnt do .
jillwetzler dont be mad cuz im doing me better than you doing you .
smh maybe they dont wanna be actual whores if you have wet pussy you shouldnt have a dry purse .
causewereguys on my way to fuck yo bitch me as a 9 year old .
yankees see ya gives the yankees a 43 lead in the 10th with a solo home run .
too to pretty redneck education is showing .
i heard bitches commit for chipotle .
honestly thats where im the most retarded and is why stuck as artist hoping for a fair situation .
ill live my life the way i want bitch .
ash and camilla are back mkr .
all the main bitches are getting kicked to the curve lol .
thats how you know who be lying about getting in the about like water and fruit and is that .
hello new followers i am anime loving nigger who is too poor to afford a in being a player for darth .
yes fuck you bitch im you gettin live tomorrow 8221 .
omfg this tattoo hurts like a bitch painful .
see why these pussies need their guns .
kaylinevergreen on github .
all that weave turning you bitches into horses .
mkr kat and andre didnt vote fairly they dont deserve to win .
i wish i could punch the 14 year old me for being such a thirsty bitch .
that was not good times starting the mickey mouse club soon .
proof reliable source .
killallsimps thats logic for a hoe if you single nobody can tell you what to do right right .
cheeseplus harassment panel front row .
our taxi driver is fucking retarded he doesnt know how to get from to .
can we eliminate colin and bring back manu mkr .
yung nigger move that dope .
oh hey you should be ashamed of your disgusting self .
i was a fan of the series until you decided you absolutely needed to use the phrase raping your favorite bye .
rescue elephant looking fuzzy at the international fund for animal welfare .
see you fags in 8 hours .
yeah so quit being a bitch and edit .
callmerenee 82201inkkofrosess stupid ass toe dog bitch you mad at your toe 128553 dumb hoe yo toe aint wanna be stomped .
lilbthebasedgod bitch you look like a go back to .
jawshoeeahhh no bitch lol .
its unfortunate that everyone thinks im a bitch before they even meet me .
buttons are weird gave up trying to hit them in the right spot and started to page backwards power button is weird .
got like 4 hoes in my low pro .
police niccas tryn da trap .
1 baby momma no bitch no wife like pac u need a thug in ya life .
i never talk to dinner with hate 45 people when i call them cunts .
ok i officially dislike kat the most mkr .
aint none of these hoes loyal none of em if i cloud show yall the stuff be coming thru my that aint none of yall business .
thank you fag boy represent .
halfassed and youre a pussy .
stephenatwar ill add them to our doc i understand applying for is an art so itll likely take a while for us to get it right .
daveswerve lmaoooo middle school knocking down all the pussy with the earrings on my shirt and no french toast .
iammatticus still figuring that part out ive never been quite in this position things are going to get weird .
this bitch childish af one of my sisters wouldve had to crash her 128514 .
uncalled for 8220nobeeetch all trash 16 which one the best .
yo bitch .
same niccas tryna be around me the same niccas that used to down me .
the fact that soulja boy on 2 dif reality shows wit 2 dif bitches .
lol theres a talking monkey live on the internet will wonders never cease .
i just like that line .
girls that wear colored jeans .
was made by a gay couple so yes under a gop world the bird would not have existed since its would be in jail for .
jordan so been up to at fuckin bitches amp stuff ya alright .
you all are retarded if you really kendrick was trying to diss all those rappers dont think just cuz names were said he was coming at them .
killerblondes food so shit it killed all the other contestants mkr .
 i was laughing at the mkr kat amp andre hate tweets and you we share the same hate .
nigga getcho bitch treat her how she wanna be treated but i aint 128175 .
i want you to be pussy im yours .
just played against a support biggest faggot ever stupid cheese champion .
where a bitch when i need one i have no milk an a whole box of cinnamon toast crunch man .
wendydavistexas your 30 second add just ruined it a new low picking on a cripple .
yeah katie and nikki are so going to love annie mkr .
if her pussy got over 10 body counts its only have 9 lives 128514 .
u lil stupid ass bitch i aint fucking wit .
outside with fuckin yardie eh .
just saw the baddest bitch in life walking down the street if she didnt have that shirt on i prolly woulda her ass up .
crying because she needs to pee peter keeps saying nigger .
nowthatsfresh any song with tyga in it is trash .
this is what passes for entertainment around here .
mcnarstle i go on report every day now hoping to see a story about your tranny army .
uh how long do i have till apple comes out with the of the iphone im so ready two years and this bitch still goes .
zachdorsey my trash is worth more than you .
what about the a pussy he aint going anywhere .
will hillary be dems 2016 candidate to take over obamas job as us prez dog via worldnetdaily .
im about to fuck bitch ass up .
yesyouresexist excellent short film by everyday sexism to a man .
first jig of the night .
as say that i realize the coons move from drinking moet to all yuh feel all yuh so fancy with all yuh 30 champagne eh .
people who chose the country over the city are miserable trash they deserve neither respect nor they are less than scum .
me my bitch face is on point zzachbarness thats 247 thanks .
lol cripple wendy davis mailonline scientists create chick to study shy .
bad bitches only .
jtrimbl3 you sound like youre pussy whooped .
yes i know about account its being looked into .
mkr mkr2015 who is gonna win the peoples choice .
eat get be honest i dont do either of .
bardofpeace i do a search on my name this i come in peace .
shut up bitch it ainn complete witout money n it .
ebola is a great for how gop teaparty policies eat off of until the host dies tcot teabaggers .
8220tharealist shawty wanna charge for pussy but im like whoa turnt her on to cash she use to fuck for free .
brad pitt is older than charlie sheen what the .
bitches say or nah with everything im cute 128129 or nah chillin wit my bro suck his dick or nah tracks showin o8230 .
thompsonera roy out this hoe .
on this day february 13 in jennings left us for that in the sky dreaming my dreams ht .
dick game make a faithful bitch start cheat in .
callneeshcakey i cant bitch .
i think this rape trial is some bullshit that bitch wanted the dick lls and got mad when she w .
ripvuhsace porn the only place where a bitch gon be under the table sucking a niggas dick while he eating dinner with his parents .
peerworker yes given that one group posts bodies on twitter along with american id say they are worse .
eatmytweetzz that bitch hit the chick when she wont looking that shit weak af .
cancel that bitch like nino .
call da po po hoe .
uh no .
you are a cunt .
and here are the tears get over it you didnt do a good job stop blaming strategic voting mkr .
fuck the and everything they get with d howard bitch ass signed bitter fan lol .
voretaq7 you dont know that .
drops you a couple extra dollars on that hoe get her a brazilian spend money to make money .
yall can have skylar looks like a tranny to me .
you hoes aint fucking with me .
gotta get home to watch mkr .
if ive ever been a faggot to you let me know and ill change .
twoscooters officialpax shaofhappiness i am not surprised in the slightest i wish that i was .
i hate people who talk loud ignorant ass mother fuckers and ghetto people .
women holding things that have mass weird in weight training and theres more girls then guys not sexist but a little strange .
every nigga tryna fuck the next nigga bitch but not knowing his bitch is the next nigga bitch .
i hate when a bitch got fucked up teeth and she trynna smile in her pictures tf lmfao .
these blunts straight bumpin this hoe on some other shit bro i got mind fucked like when black betrayed .
i hope you get better soon are for the birds .
mkr killerblondes should have gone to .
about to go take over the a this summer the fly bitches to bless atl thank you .
