really didnt see any vegan items on the menu soy milk wasnt even listed as an option on the board i got a decent soy cappuccino but i have had better i dont need to go here again .
the coffee is just better hear than all of the options in the area i now actually walk out of my way to just get my iced lattes here the food is pretty darn tasty too .
noise good food ok coffee moderate price but much too noisy from a terrible  system to enjoy a peaceful meal .
great location love the vibe food and love the service highly recommended .
great idea great menu awful food my sandwich had undercooked eggs and a hair on it .
the toast of town .
paid 7 for a bagel with lox to go i got one tiny sliver of lox and it took 15 minutes what a complete joke .
i think this is one of the cutest coffee shops ever visiting for just a night and staying across the street and been here twice already i am from ny so to some of the other comments nothing is expensive compared would definitely stop by .
u have to be drunk to eat the food here they should be ashamed to serve this i came her with my pregnant wife and she stopped eating in fear of the safety of our un born child they give u paper plates to eat off of .
excellent breakfast spot with very good coffee and of course wonderful toast .
worst pizza i ever had .
came here for brunch and it was very good friendly staff food arrived in a timely manner i love how toast supports the local art community by  work from local  .
zero stars this place has no redeeming qualities whatsoever terrible food and the clientele is straight out of the  have eyes .
i love toast my favorite café to study in also my favorite green tea and eggs benny toast .
horrible horrible customer service i literally just walked out because of the  attitudes never seen anything like it no thank you .
great atmosphere and great coffee .
tried a range of tapas pan  churrasco arriero croquetas de jamon  de carne  de  rellenos they were ok but nothing that im craving to have again red wine sangria was ok not awesome .
i absolutely love toast i live by a ton of coffee  places and toast is my favorite very friendly staff best cup of coffee in the area and incredible bacon egg and cheese croissants a little on the pricey side but you get what you pay for .
absolute worst restaurant in manhattan terrible staff terrible food terrible time i would recommend it only to my worst  .
excellent coffee and nice sandwiches really good for a quick breakfast and relaxing cup of coffee the bagels are really decent and im a new yorker .
i really dont get the hype for this place the ambiance is by no means exciting and the food really isnt all that spectacular .
stumbled upon this great cafe when looking for brunch one day great egg toasts their version of eggs benedict in a variety of ways excellent coffee and espresso beverages and everyone is really friendly .
we had reservations for 10pm which was not honored we had to wait an hour before we realized we are not getting a table the host said he couldnt do anything about it which was quite disappointing .
finally a place where i can relax and enjoy the atmosphere without it costing a fortune it is very clean and cozy staff is personable great place for a lazy day or informal date .
rude rude rude service not to mention have racist signs  to the window where you order seriously what is wrong with you people .
i have been here three times for breakfast love it the poached eggs with sausage cheddar cheese  is great only downside is it gets hot in there when it is sunny they do not have  to keep the sun out of your eyes .
a philadelphia classic spot but only vegetarian cheesesteaks make my menu no thanks meat eating friends enjoy theirs though but same as pats and many others in area  hip city veg and so many others that are better to me .
great atmosphere very clean and awesome coffee we needed a place like this for our neighborhood .
genos uses frozen  steak at least that is what it tastes like i used to be a chef at an expensive restaurant so i know what i am talking about far superior alternatives are pats joes steak and soda shop formerly chinks and tony lukes .
i have only had takeout here they make a great thin crisp pizza it rivals star tavern in orange toppings are abundant great eggplant .
the most disgusting philly cheese stake ive ever had  ourselves to death for this garbage that we placed in to the dumpster immediately .
delicious wings delicious thin pizza love this spot to pig out .
came here after the philly marathon as i was craving philly cheesesteaks the cheesesteaks were okay nothing really special i have had better in other places also sucks theres no indoor seating when it gets colder but the fries were good .
its a good place to watch a game have a few beers and apps there is a decent menu im a fan of the buffalo blasts and the steak  wrap during the warmer months theres a tiki bar .
overrated i came here hoping to eat a tasty sandwich and it was far from it just plain and with no flavor the lady that takes your order seems like she hasnt smiled in decades completely disappointed .
best tacos in new haven .
gross chewy bread and racism served up hot how can you have a sign that says this is america we speak english when your staff doesnt understand an order unless its  2 whiz wit go to jims .
they have a food truck which serves super mexican food theyve got seriously great food here to make it even better their prices are on point .
xenophobia and racism aside genos is still subpar at best .
cabbage no wilted soggy lettuce here just crunchy cabbage cheap huge and delicious i only get the vegan  but at night i see them cutting hunks of meat down for the next  all very fresh and everyone is always super nice .
just as shitty as pats but served with a side of xenophobic racism thanks for all the light  in my neighborhood genos .
this place is the best mexican in new haven the veggie tacos are flavorful and kinda healthy great rice and beans and no its not the place for romantic first date but i like watching the mexican soap  on tv while waiting for my food .
the cheesesteaks are okay pats are better there are other good spots in the area this is a tourist trap to avoid they seem to be  xenophobic andor racist whats up with that .
for cheap mexican theres nothing better enchiladas mole is fantastic great service poor atmosphere but well worth it more selection than their carts .
no amount of neon and flash will make what they pass for a cheese steak any good there are so many good cheese steak options in the city and none of them are anywhere near this intersection .
love this place prices are very reasonably and food is delicious our favorites are the enchiladas for 6 including rice beans guacamole and sour cream you cant do better mostly takeout .
certainly not the best anymore but an institution none the less .
best  ratio in a burrito in new haven handsdown without  quality bring  cause you aint finishing it .
not bad but personally i am a pats steak fan unless my steak was drench in cheese the meet was super dry i might give it another chance if i ever again visit down there .
fast inexpensive delicious and authentic mexican runs  around the crappy excuse for mexican at fresh taco on elm st that may be fast and inexpensive but is also  and inauthentic fresh sauces and very good  and beans yum .
youre paying for the name .
the menu is huge and ive never had a bad sub here amazing customer service cheesesteaks are one of the best in jersey .
nope go to pats across the street for better quality meat more cheesesteak options on the menu and way better fries .
i was hungry and discovered this place near my bank very clean and relaxing atmosphere inside and every employee was pleasant i tried the buffalo chicken sub with jalapeños and it was awesome complete with chips and a drink it was 8 ill be returning .
real  dont eat here genos is for tourists who dont know any better or see their crappy obnoxious lights ask around the city to locals for a better place .
great product great service courteous staff clean environment they obviously care a lot about their business oh and the subs are great .
tourist trap outstanding cheese fries though .
awesome restaurant in of all places north haven ct we took the all you can eat deal and were very impressed the portions were plenty and the sushi was fresh and well presented will definitely go back and wish to try something off the very extensive regular menu .
way too expensive for what you get you can pay less elsewhere and get better food not all its cracked up to be .
ive only ever gone to  for the allyoucaneat special the sushi is the best around and they have great appetizers its a bit pricey so i usually make it a special occasion to go but its more than worth what you get .
im sorry all of the cheese steak places more or less taste the same i prefer jims mostly because its less of an  .
amazing general chicken best ive ever had dumplings really good .
the flavor and lack of chopped preparation for the steak is a letdown for me alas ill stick with pats or dalessandros .
my favorite dish continues to be chili pepper tofu but i have had takeout and eatin across a good variety of vegetarian dishes and have never been disappointed consistently good versus occasionally great .
over rated .
pretty good all you can eat sushi was fresh and got large pieces nice atmosphere will go again .
genos englishonly sign is ignorant and unwelcoming the cheesesteak at pats right across the street tastes better anyway although i have to admit neither pats or genos was amazingly good .
ordered delivery last night and was totally impressed with the quality and taste of the food fresh flavorful and sizeable portions for a fair price and delivered quickly thanks yelpers for your reviews helped me to find this gem chicken wonton soup with spinach is a must .
typical tourist steak joint people from philadelphia do not eat here unless they are drunk at 3 a m .
get take out for lunch all the time great sushi rolls and even better dinners pricing is good and delivery is prompt .
steaks are ok not the best in philly at all but will never go there again because of joey vento and his hate  when he was alive .
ive been coming here with my family for years ive had some the best service on the weekdays best for  style takeout and sushi deals .
geno steaks are not that good the place is over rated if you had to pick a place in south philly i would go with tony  at front and  .
love their chicken wonton so fresh and no mystery meat lol also try vietnam roll .
good food but overrated ate here a bunch of times but its really bad for you they make it very fast because of the long lines and dont really spend time cooking the meat correctly both pats and genos are going down the drain .
must ask for the authentic chinese menu the prices are on the expensive side but the dishes were absolutely yummy and i have pretty high standards for chinese food coming from southern ca .
ehhhh nothing compared to pats when you look at theirs next to pats its got wayyyy less meat and their wiz is more  i wouldnt come back to this one when im in philly and craving a cheesesteak since pats just right across the street lol .
checked out this spot in newark staff was very friendly they gave us some bread at the table that was delicious i had the angel hair with vodka and shrimp food was great and the portion was huge for lunch time .
go for pats but i think theyre both overrated to be honest .
meatballs with angel hair al vodka 11 50 comes with small salad and bread great if youre hungry takes about 30 minutes to make call ahead .
i can get a better cheesesteak at my local pizzeria in nyc really nothing special frozen fries get rubbery after 5 minutes i really cant believe i drove down here for this maybe pats .
great sangria and atmosphere .
nope no comparison to pats and some rude ass service to boot go across the street .
if youve ever visited spain this is the place to go live flamenco every thursday and saturday night amazing tapas and sangria is on point a bit pricey but worth the money especially with the live performance .
genos is overrated its mediocre cheesesteak ive had better at a local bodega dont go here with high expectations .
we stumbled across this place and it was a wonderful delight the food was delicious and the service was great and very friendy wonderful choice of wine definitely recommend it if you get a chance .
ehhhhh the cheesesteak is forgettable definitely tourist  i didnt try pats so i cant compare but i probably wont go back to try them either also not a huge fan of the over the top patriotism theme going on here but to each his own .
love love love this place great vibe great food love that the plates are so small but so extremely delicious the blueberry sangria is my favorite amazing staff moved back to california i miss this place so much highly recommend .
genos is definitely an interesting place but its a tourist attraction and not a place to eat a cheesesteak if you want an actual cheesesteak find a pizza place the cheese fries are good but not really worth the price .
such a fun place for dinner especially saturdays or thursdays when they have flamenco dancers perform the food comes out pretty quickly the sangria is sweet and the staff is super helpful and eager croquettes shrimp with garlic bread with tomato and manchego and jamon all winners .
the definition of a bad cheesesteak for the locals the only reason i give them two stars is because the ordinary tourist wouldnt know any better this place is just an attraction pretty much as bad as it gets .
delicous food and friendly bartender came here on a whim on a friday night and had a great time .
tried it for the first time because of the hype really not what i expected after trying all the other cheesesteak places in philly definitely a tourist attraction usually the hole in the walls that dont have the lights  and glamour are way better .
one of my favorite spots in nyc the sangria is amazing and love the shrimp and meatballs .
try it just to say you had it i guess .
really good must go .
not good .
obsessed with this tapas place good food live flamenco fun times such a good place for a friday night dinner with friends .
great location for a boys ii men video you are required to speak english when ordering which is a drag go to jims on south street john  ate there once thats all you need to know .
delicious sangria happy hour runs until 7pm which includes 20 pitchers of sangria and 4 glasses the place itself looks quite romantic yet casual they offer a nice variation of tapas which average 7 for half serving or 14 full serving average more or less .
thumbs down i only came here to see what the fuss is all about the meat is too dry and has no flavor glad i finally got to experience genos but wouldnt recommend it .
typical east village vibe  out with friend over several tapas and glass of sangria variety of choices on the menu from seafood to meat and you might want to have every one of them my favorite is the braised ox tail with  sangria .
waste of money this cheesesteak looks like they put one slab of steakums on it the roll is good but im not paying 10 to eat a roll seriously just walk across the street and have a real cheesesteak at pats .
great tapas flamenco guitar n dancing show was fantastic its on the repeat list .
for tourists jims is better .
i went out with my wife and a family friend tonight it was awesome from the food to the setting the bartender was great and we had a great time .
the bread was chewy not in a good way the meat and onions tasted like mcdonalds they did have hot sauce which was great but they were rude dude had gross teeth and had an attitude go to  with sat and starts with a p .
amazing sangrias beer tapas service atmosphere i even tried and enjoyed the sardines .
although the atmosphere can be fun gristle on a bun tourist trap have yet to find a philly native regular here .
we stumbled across this place and it was a wonderful delight the food was delicious and the service was great and very friendy wonderful choice of wine definitely recommend it if you get a chance .
below average customer service this place is wayyyyy too hyped up pats is better but height ones are impressive hell both these places should give me back the gas money i wasted going over there .
we had the patatas bravas escargot chorizo sautéed in  and mussels in a spicy broth overall excellent food great place for tapas cozy ambience we had the red wine sangria and the pomegranate sangria the drinks were great .
meh is right dont believe the hype these cheesesteaks are weak at best although ive had worse ive had better at many places including some of the food carts around town .
good tapas place can be a little loud but otherwise good date place recommended croquetas de pollo patatas bravas .
how do you say two  sandwiches on floppy  knockoff rolls please in  .
the food is great here so are the sangrias the service was well and i loved the entertainment it would be best to make reservations .
go to pat instead more of a real philadelphia feel than genos the proudly displayed sign of racism left a sour taste in my mouth .
good place small so make reservations we ended up eating at bar because even with a reservation it was a long wait yum tapas good drinks and if your lucky some entertainment .
how is this place even still open  .
really good sangria food was tasty and lots of good options there were still more items on the menu that we wanted to try more filling for your buck than most tapas places would like to return for the dancing .
can get more meat at other steakhouses in the city .
it was great .
theyre racist end of review oh and their look sucks .
good service great tapas my wife and i ordered about 5 dishes which were enough for both of us to share we went during happy hour so our drinks were cheap .
if i wanted an  wit cheese i would ask for it but you cant you have to order in a special language or else  forbid someone  their holy  with a friendly   mucho queso  para mi  .
this is a great place to eat large selection of tapas and sangria we split four tapas between two people and that was plenty the mussels and garlic shrimp were both dynamite definitely recommended and there are plenty of good spots nearby for  dinner drinks .
why would anyone ever want to go here dont waste the precious time you have left fellow  .
wonderful place friendly service came when it was 20 pitchers of sangria the food is  the fried goat cheese the mussels are also delicious and the blueberry champagne sangria is absolutely to die for .
just ok tourist trap nothing to return for had a better cheesesteak elsewhere tried both genos and pats and both fell short on taste .
great food awesome vibe and i would suggest making a reservation so that you dont have to wait .
i wish someone warned us that they were white  pretty horrible america so speak american signs .
great food great server reasonable prices this place has it all definitely will go back .
there is only one reason to go its between 2 and 6 am youre drunk and just got out of a bar and had no luck and youre close to the restaurant otherwise stay away you can do better .
excellent portions delicious taste and reasonable pricing fabulous tapas and very tasty sangria the flamenco nights are out of this world .
not worth all the hyped over rated no flavor on the meat greasy and bland not enough cheese and onions very disappointment .
very charming place lots of good choices of sangria must haves are the garlic shrimp save some bread to soak up that sauce and chorizo dishes .
strictly for tourists .
tasty tapas with complex flavor maybe better then spain just sayin .
good hoagies awfully racist attitude this place doesnt deserve the attention it gets its definitely not the best philly steak ive had which is why im giving it two stars .
very warm and inviting place wait staf is helpful and very friendly tapas were wonderfully tasty especially the oxtail you will love nai .
i tried genos once i didnt like it stop asking me if i want to review things yelp .
awesome awesome drinks very good food we tried at least 10 dishes and were not disappointed with any we also went on a flamenco night and enjoyed the performance .
disapointment went to philly to take care of business and and eat at this place downer bread steak onions and peppers were soggy dry and not crisp service needs improvement as well .
amazing service food music cant recommend nai tapas bar more .
average steak and cheese .
all of our dishes were amazing the best  the chorizo over  pepper and toast topped with fried quail egg and manchego highly recommend .
i dont understand what the heck is in the water when people think this is a great cheese steak i have had much better steves prince of steak .
great food we were in a large group and had a blast pulpo a la  was my favorite .
tourist place best steaks come from neighborhood places .
the food atmosphere and drinks give this place an easy four stars the service  it up to five the staff did an incredible job making outoftown guests feel comfortable with ordering tapas and were extremely attentive on both drinks and food love this place .
this is a tourist trap as far as i am concerned steak is tough and flavourless bread is gummy i would rather eat a sandwich that stayed together when i bit into it .
i absolutely love this place it is cozy the service is unbelievable and every single dish we ever ordered has been awesome .
no i was born and raised in philadelphia and avoid this place you can get authentic cheesesteaks  .
great tapas place check out the pulpo a la gallego really good usually crowded service is very good as well nice staff good spot in the east village .
looks like my goto steak place is sadly  both steak and bread were tough i think well be heading to jims and leave genos to the tourist trap industry in the future better steak better seating and better service .
it was a great experience the bartender was fun to talk with she said she was from  and very cool she recommended me great drinks the waitresses were very cool and you can have tons of fun with the food was ok the environment was wonderful .
touristtrap nonsense wrapped up in a fake rivalry dont bother .
excellent service and food my gf and i went there and it was a nice surprise great sangria and the tapas was really good .
the cheesesteak was really gross undercooked onions and the meat tasted very bland this place  more like a factory than a cheesesteak late night place nothing authentic about genos steaks go to jims steaks .
i cant stop coming to this tapas bar  best meatballs ive ever had in my life and the sangria is awesome not watered down or too strong great date night place with entertainment .
ass steaks .
i love this place food is great inexpensive and the flamenco really entertaining .
pats is better we got both and tasted side by side could not eat the fries they had a really nasty after taste and were under cooked i will say that the staff here is friendlier .
solid authentic spanish tapas nothing crazy or fancy just good food and great waiters .
good cheese steak and a must do for a first time or a middle of the night cheese steak .
went with a group of girls for a fun night out its the perfect atmosphere to sit drink sangria and try some tapas we absolutely loved the blueberry pomegranate champagne sangria .
tried and true this place has some friendly people however the cheese steak sandwich wasnt really the best its slightly very bland but the temperature and texture is just right worth the trip only if youre an enthusiast .
came here for my birthday dinner an had a great time not sure if the food tasted so good because of all the sangria we drank lol but i absolutely loved the meatballs patatas bravas and beef empanadas i would definitely go back .
youve got to be kidding me .
great place to eat the menu covers a wide range of food all good the service was great and the location is cozy i can not wait to go back .
so overrated and never go after any philly sporting event because that place is full of drunks  in the street there are so many places to get a better cheesesteak that wont give you diarrhea or heartburn .
fantastic service friendly bartenders great food and dynamite sangrias thursday night they had flamenco dancers that were just awesome definitely a regular now .
service was rude and arrogant which comes with the territory but i was hoping the cheese steak and fries would make up for it unfortunately i was disappointed .
yum great food and the sangria ay .
horrible place cheese whiz as an option should bring this down to a half star only popular because of tourist better steak shops in philly .
love this place the atmosphere service and the food were wonderful double points for the flamenco dancers who  so amazingly i would definitely check this place out .
avoid .
great service and great food .
the  cheese steak sandwich ive ever had dennys makes a better cheese steak the bread taste like its out of the microwave very chewy the meat had no flavor what so ever next time i will listen to the yelp recommendation not go there .
nice selection great service and tasty food cant complain chorizo anything rocks i cant wait to go back again .
tourist trap nothing special about their food meat portion very low for the price small portion of cheese so so bread sad excuse for grilled onions .
absolutely wonderful great bottle of wine amazing tapas we had salteado de   rellenos  de queso de   rellenos churrasco arriero  a la  all delightful service was great .
i am not sure why people love the place its very mediocre this would not make it on my top worse placed to eat if you understand what i mean .
great place very friendly good tapas good wine great performance of flamenco awesome music i didnt want to leave .
didnt really see what the big deal was i did like the cheese wiz though go during the day to avoid long lines .
a great place for music and dinner the sangria was excellent the tapas itself though hit or miss i would ask the waiter for recommendation next time .
absolute slop always has been always will be pats and genos serve up some of the worst  food in philadelphia .
get the blueberry pomegranate sangria the octopus and the fried goat cheese .
this place was a disappointment we took the train from ny to philly just to eat here and the bread was old and hard the cheese not even melted we ended up going to pats across the street and it was way  than genos .
food is great been there twice the mussels are excellent with great sauce for dipping bread skip the sangria ive had better .
family of 4 none of us liked it the philly cheese steak at chase field is better haha .
excellent time my mom was visiting and she loves flamenco music and wine it was perfect we ordered the ox  de jamon and the calamari service was great .
just read my review of pats and just swap the name out same thing .
good tapas great service sangria was great tapas where yummy i recommend making reservations and its a good place for 2 folks to 10 folks that is all .
just about edible i live in philly and am born and raised and i have had a better steak sandwich in a neighborhood place which doesnt claim to be the best .
great drinks fantastic service and mind blowing food i definitely would come back again .
all i can say is old original does not  to good eats skip this one .
this place is amazing delicious food great service reasonable prices .
cheesesteaks are ok cheese fries are awesome more about being there then about eating the atmosphere the pictures the lights the décor its all cool but this place is for tourists no real philly person actually  this place .
we went here with a group of 11 they were very accommodating the sangria was flowing and the food was amazing definitely go if you want a good show and good food .
the rolls and cheese fries are excellent the steaks are a different story my sandwich had more fat than meat .
hot steamy flamenco dance show waiter make lady happy food make me happy win .
surprisingly lame they grill then hold in a steam  then  thats high school cafeteria shit .
great food and good sangria watch out for the old people that get  by big groups .
not my favorite food but its fun to take visitors .
great service and food .
a huge disappointment what an expensive sandwich for the lack of quality and amount of steak both of them are not worth more than 3 each i hang my head in shame  miles for these two bad sandwiches pats and genos .
great food very nice establishment and beautiful .
cant stand the people always in the street and the racist attitude of the owners .
i love this place great food the champagne sangria is amazing and the show is really awesome def going back .
they show this place on the food channel so everyone goes   its gross spend your money at tony lukes .
great service even on a busy weekend they are an amazing staff not just one but the whole place the food was pretty decent not the best but definitely not lacking .
absolutely disgusting i didnt even want to finish the cheesesteak wit cheese is all you need to say wit with onions cheese slices of cheese 1 it smelled like pee somehow 2 it was bland 3 not much meat it was just plain bad .
i love this place the sangria is magical the food is very tasty and at a great price the bartender was awesome to talk to as we were sitting at the bar drinking sangria and eating our tapas def worth  in this cozy little joint .
racist idiots terrible food .
absolutely delicious great ambiance and can usually make reservations on the weekends .
i hear the   likes it .
good tapas and sangria especially the meatballs and shrimp the grilled octopus was too mushy for my taste service can be slow when the restaurant gets packed pretty inexpensive for the quality .
genos sucks so does pats go to steves prince of steaks or tony lukes .
good food .
just dont why short change yourself into getting two small pieces of unseasoned frozen meat when you can go across the street and get a cheesesteak with actual steak in it say no to geno .
food is yummy and the sangrias are divine the wait staff is extremely helpful and awesome honestly they were so attentive and i experienced the best service .
in addition to the steaks being mediocre at best the people were extremely rude i will not come here again .
interesting tapas options and an intimate setting water boy was almost too attentive and the waiter kept bringing out more drinks even after we said we were all set thankfully he left those off the bill .
like across the street at pats .
this place is great great food great drinks and great service on a saturday night they also had great live music this is up there as one of my favorites in the city now .
id been told to come here by so people that i made the   of not checking yelp first my bad my sandwich was awful in fact id had a tastier cheaper and healthier philly cheesesteak at charlies in the columbus airport before coming here z .
short and to the point amazing experience  was great recommended several tapas and did not  good atmosphere and had no wait reservation was honored and would high endorse the experience .
i only go to pats king of steaks go ahead do a blind taste test there is no comparison .
the mango sangria is really good but might be a bit watered down the most memorable dishes were the clams mussels and meatballs all of them were really good stay away from the octopus and asparagus the octopus was slimy and the asparagus was soggy kinda gross .
hype and all flash no substance over priced got bad stomach pains tourist crap hey tourists there are way better places than pats or genos they have gotten sloppy .
 casual with great sangria yummy tapas felt like i was back in spain flamenco dancers and music a bonus .
more of a tourist attraction than a trusted local spot the steaks are greasy and fatty and make me want to gag .
very impressive selection of great tapas great music great sangria and moderate prices oh and live flamenco on thursdays and saturdays everything you need from any tapas place and mucho mas awesome .
not much to the sandwich and a lot of grissle in the meat .
a pretty good place to go to for dates as well something i didnt know before which i should have is that they have live flamenco on thursdays and saturdays definitely a place to try .
pats kings of steaks always plus they speak spanish italian and french .
the service was excellent the food was quite good especially the mussels and chorizo with onions the mango sangria was deceptively light but gave a nice buzz overall i would go again .
having once lived in the neighborhood one comes to hear stories and realizes how disgustingly racist this establishment is their steaks are no good and neither are their  if youre looking for an authentic philly steak try elsewhere .
we really enjoyed this restaurant the food was fresh and tasty and the service was excellent our waiter made very good suggestions as to what and how much to order i would definitely go back .
small overpriced cheese steak the staff is incredibly rude i mean maybe this is their schtick but i will not go there again btw clean up your trash .
i love this place everyone is nice they welcome you like long lost friends nai also has an excellent flamenco show and everything on the menu is awesome they even did a few great vegetarian dishes just for my husband i will always return .
another tourist trap much better steaks in philly than genos or the competing pats .
amazing food great service fun place to go one of those places you stumble upon that will stick with you forever the food is amazing and there is a great wine selection they have live flamenco shows .
pats .
great place good food and ambiance affordable prices .
pats is better did it because you have to if your in philly for the first time but will not go back they seem pretty  about  their political  too nothing wrong with that but as a costumer that is a  .
if i had to sum it up in 1 word it would be spectacular i loved the entire experience from the service to the decor to the  short of spectacular i will definitely come back .
racist bad cheesesteaks giving philly a bad rep dont waste your time here go to johns roast pork or tony lukes if you want a real south philly experience or even jims on south street is way better .
went with a large group had a reservation and the service was excellent it has a quaint cozy feel the staff was very friendly the food was delicious sangria very good the flamenco show was a nice touch excellent place would definitely go back .
ignorant and racist signs all over the place dont support these people .
great ambiance dancers and singers wonderful wait staff and delish food .
if you have to go to one of the tourist traps go to pats genos is overpriced and not nearly as flavorful as some of the other well known spots .
good food great service in a nice space wine selection was inexpensive and good give it a shot .
genos is a solid two stars ive always found the meat to be a bit grissly in order i prefer tony lukes jims pats then genos for a chicken cheesesteak you cant beat ishkabibbles on south street .
came here twice for the flamenco show and it was amazing the staff and delicious pitchers of sangria def will put you u in a great mood the food was good but def not as memorable as the show or the sangria .
racist sign on the front window id rather eat at pats where the service is friendly and they actually listen to your request .
amazing food service and entertainment the food was great and very reasonably priced service was attentive and the flamenco was amazing but dont go here i want to keep it all for myself .
i didnt really care for this place the staff was kinda rude and the cheesesteak wasnt that spectacular it was not enough meat and it was barely hot glad i tried it but if im ever back in philly i will just walk across the street .
great place they had awesome live spanish music with dancers food was amazing and reasonably priced .
why go to genos really why cosmis is very close to genos and is a top 5 cheesesteak i dont think either genos or pats is superior but pats isnt bright orange and doesnt have neon all over it .
great service happy hour and most importantly really good food great date spot if youre trying to impress but not break the bank .
mediocre overprice cheesesteak cheese fries are good stay away from this tourist trap go up the street to georges sandwich shop get a real cheesesteak with real cheese .
fantastic service and delicious food best tortilla espanola in the city the service is super friendly and accomodating .
tried them once and wasnt thrilled much better steaks from local pizza joints  and  steaks are far better and no bs with the ordering .
this place kicks ass .
visited for dinner yesterday and lunch at pats good portion and nice roll size but a bit light on the whiz and a little bland even w the onions slight edge to pats cheese fries were decent used excess cheese on sandwich .
affordable tasty food lovely wait staff great bar live flamenco  on saturday night good crowd wasnt too crowded enjoyed it very much wine was good tortilla espanola was delish .
the worst cheese steak in the city never go here .
love it great food and amazing prices fantastic staff flamenco shows killer happy hour prices ideal location what more could you want .
i was here over the weekend but i like pats better heard that  from long island medium was here .
first time in this place and the food was amazing the special they had was so fresh and good i tried the  and my friend had  which was really good the drive was worth it .
nothing compared to pats .
tried out their lunch specials today and their chicken with fries and rice with that amazing green hot sauce keeps me coming back .
guy dont use gloves handling my food meat was chewy although it would make decent drunk food .
walked in here unexpectedly for lunch and food was amazing they have great lunch menu so was tempted to try so glad i did its a brand new restaurant and so happy i gave it a try will be coming back .
dont waste your time standing in line you can get better steaks at random restaurants in the same neighborhood genos steaks are subpar if you want to wait in line at a famous steak place you should go to jims steaks instead at least their steaks are tasty .
a coworker and i did the side by side challenge with genos and another well known cheese steak place and we both agreed that genos was a better sandwich cost wasnt too rough and no wait at all .
genos and pats perhaps the worst quality steak you can find in philly but if you love stomach pain diarrhea standing  with drunk idiots from out of town who dont know any better you will love this place .
respectable cheesesteak but not as good as pats .
well if you really want a cheesesteak in the italian market this is one of two alternatives better to  it to center city for numerous better alternatives campos for one .
dont know why the overall rating is so low but i love this place the cheese steak is really great only bad side is its kinda dry but its better than my expectations and i would definitely recommend people to come here for philly cheese steak .
my friend still went to genos after i told her not to so i asked her so was i right her response you were right nuff said .
love this place great to bring visitors from out of town really get a feel for philadelphia this way something is always happen here always buzzing .
not impressed the meat isnt very good and the bread was kinda stale i dont think i would ever eat at this place again really underwhelmed with pats and genos .
i wish that you could sit down and eat food was good .
tourist trap worst cheesesteak i have ever eaten boiled beef and onions on a bun just plain nasty .
i dont eat red meat but when i do its a cheese steak from ginos in south philly a must for a bucket list .
over rated steak meat fatty  area  employees rude  trap .
better than pats and always a fun time waiting in line with others who are getting ready to enjoy one of the best cheesesteaks in philly .
pats is the real deal .
oh yeah this place is doing it right steak is good cheese has flavor bread is toasted all in all a steak sandwich done right tip bring cash cash only .
there are much better steaks in philly steves and jims by far better .
yum always great to eat a philly cheesesteak here a famous place even if there is a line they are on the ball wait on everyone quickly .
if you need to vomit definately eat here both times i ate here i was violently ill afterwards its a good thing i spent so much money on it or it wouldnt have been as memorable go to jims .
genos steak if youre having genos might as well try pats cheesesteak since its across from one another seems to be more modern in terms of the set up from the cash register up to the store front the long line and long tradition makes it worth while .
bad attitudes over rated food .
the best cheesesteak ive ever had fast friendly service id come here everyday if i lived nearby place is very clean but i gave them 1 less star for using ammonia glass cleaner smells horrible while eating and enjoying my cheesesteak .
save your money this is probably the worst sandwich i have ever had they barely give you any meat and they didnt even melt the cheese into the sandwich seriously you would be better off at steak and shake .
so good make sure you know what you want before you get in line .
racists .
love cheesesteaks here i like how they cut their meat thin slice and easy to chew it was tender and love onions was cook on the point the only thing is their service wasnt friendly .
its a  kind of place but the cheesesteak quality is quite sub par .
if you choose anywhere else for a philly cheese steak youre not from philly its just the way it is order correctly and enjoy .
more  than anything  owner  if i want a fast food cheesesteak ill stick to pats .
every time i go to south philadelphia i make it a point to stop at both pats and to genos i love them both there is little difference between the two .
read my review for pats same thing applies here the steaks are gross .
yummm love their cheese steaks best in philly .
overrated over priced tourist trap the food is ok at best .
we loved genos steaks were going tomorrow .
ive have better cheesesteaks in suburban boston how disappointing btw this is the 21st century take credit cards .
i have to say not passing judgment but from out of state and had to try both sandwiches from genos and pats i enjoyed both places for grub maybe on my next return ill get scoop from locals .
not a fan i like my steak chopped up and with condiments on them when i go to sit down and eat .
went to pats for years loved em but recently they use very little meat and it was dry at that needed my cheesesteak fix and went to genos didnt expect it to blow pats away but it did .
ew gross jims on south .
hands down the greatest steak in philadelphia or the world for that matter the key is they dont cut up their meat they keep the steak in strips and that paired with the delicious amoroso rolls makes it irresistible .
tourist trap tastes like youre eating rubber on a bun .
amazing cheesesteaks friendliest people serving you if you can get over the fact that they dont offer  or bbq sauce then youre all set .
not a fan of genos or pats they were both either rubbery or dry and the amt of stk used is very little .
2nd best friggin steak in south philly eat it .
hit pats across the street genos is all flash 2 best words to describe this place tourist attraction .
steaks are better than pats fries are better at pats genos has better soda both cash only both get packed but its worth a try for sure get with onions and wiz .
ive gotten better cheesesteaks at jersey mikes even as a tourist im new to philly from the south this is disgusting generic bland possibly stale bread dry chopped bland steak and for what you get it is way overpriced .
come on people its fun the food is alright but most importantly its fun and a must so philly experience dirty and over priced but worth it eat one at pats too do both in 25 min its a guy challenge .
late night drunk food fights in line while waiting no thanks the steaks arent that great either .
pros the bread was delicious and the sweet peppers were tasty cons not enough cheese the steak wasnt as plentiful as one would have hoped when they visit a  establishment such as genos they only accept cash .
worst steaks in philly save your money save your  and try eating from a real cheesesteak place .
genos cheese steaks are what they are a staple in south philly and a dam great cheese steak now with that being said i need a cheese stake right now going to genos .
i wish this place would just shut down and save  .
i ordered from both pats and genos steak shops for dinner both the food and experience was good at both shops but i liked pats better before ordering it is a good idea to look over the menus for options and remember to say yes to onions .
pats is better and i only give pats 3 stars .
genos is not the original pats across the street is however genos is usually cleaner in the outside eating area try both and compare for yourself .
i am a pats girl sorry folks the steak is too thick and it looks like the steak you get of out of the freezer .
this is the real deal and was by far the best cheesesteak ive ever had as long as you know what to expect you cant help but give this place 5 stars .
the cheesesteak was not good rather dry and flavorless the business is also pretty racist and goes beyond patriotism to something quite offensive not worth waiting in line for and theres not much space to enjoy your food once youve gotten it .
when in philly you have to go to genos not only for the delicious cheese steak but also to say you have been to genos .
gross its a tourist attraction but they do not make good  .
amazing place .
purely for the pats v genos debate i prefer jims on south .
genos is much better than pats meat has flavor and not chewy the bread also makes a big difference hands down geno .
cold meat  cheese rude staff there are probably a thousand better cheesesteak places in the city i have no reason to ever return to this place .
yummers nuff said .
food was ok employees friendly but they are racist and  which was disrespectful for them to be an attraction of pa big no no .
tried both genos and pats both are equally good .
this is a definite tourist trap and locals really only hit it up late night when they are extremely drunk and nothing else is open i have had better cheese steaks around town overpriced greasy and gross .
we bought one from here and one from pats this cheesesteak was far superior i liked the bread the cheese and the meat better the meat is  better and more  is used at genos overall yum on a bun .
always great people watching especially late night the  you are the better the steaks still even  not that great whatever do it once and make your own opinion its worth the experience at least .
watched this on a tv network when i was still living in my native country i didnt let it pass when i got a chance to request where i wanted to it and its at genos their cheese steak is simply tasty .
tourist trap plenty of better options elsewhere .
a bit pricey but the steak meat used is very good quality and steaks are done very consistently menu is limited but these guys are  to move product get your steak whiz with and dont  in line .
pats and genos are philadelphia institutions terrible terrible institutions save the calories if you are a tourist go here for the experience then promptly go somewhere else for your cheesesteak .
while i believe most philadelphia residents are over the whole pats vs genos thing and know very well that they can find similar or better cheesesteaks elsewhere i still have to admit that genos despite their politics is the better of the two at this particular intersection .
genos used to be great the last time i went there the meat in the sandwich had a lot of fat in it i wont go back .
i havent been there in a few years but last time i was there it was good could have used a little more meat on the roll and a few less gd tourists at the window kind of pricy but the ingredients are good .
tourist trap on to the next one .
you gotta try both of em once .
highly over rated both ginos and pats .
oh hell yes .
having tried both places genos is definitely much better than pats compared to what else the city has to offer however genos just doesnt cut it .
stopped in while on vacation parking is rough if you cant  park your screwed not a ton of places to sit but just meet some new friends sandwiches are amazing and totally worth the trip .
noone goes here but friends family and tourists .
always love genos steaks  go there careful the hot sauce its hot and i like spicy .
genos has one of the worst steaks in philly and the owner seems like a xenophobic jerk to boot so yeah dont go here .
best cheesesteak in the world great owner god bless him just order and taste for yourself enough said .
come bye to take a photo then go and get a better cheese steak somewhere else there is nothing special about these steaks and they are 9 bucks not worth the trip .
love this place .
eek methinks not if you are a true philadelphian you know that the best cheesesteaks can only be found at your local corner store and youd never wait in line for a 10 dollars steaks nuff said .
yep great place classic what you can come to expect from a solid philadelphia cheese steak joint .
chewy bread tough steak not enough cheese whiz .
prefer it to pats cant say why .
bland dry steak is  better when you serve it up with a side of racism pats by far and if youre local try jims or tony lukes .
genos over pats everyday all day but steves prince of steaks in the northeast is still the best .
worse than pats .
their bread was soggy but the meat on point delicious better than pats king of steaks did a taste check with  and steve between geno and pats king of steaks and geno takes my vote .
a bunch of racist  that sell sloppy cheese steaks tourists only .
whenever im in town its one of the spots i have to go good steaks good prices and you gotta love being in s philly lifelong fan .
overrated jims steaks in west philly and tony lukes are waaaaaaay better .
this place has the very best cheese steaks in philly other then pats either way i cant go wrong .
interesting ambiance but the food quality is like the customer service rough steak was dry and mystery  provolone was paltry the bread was ok .
win we did the taste comparison to pats and genos wins hands down the meat taste like its better quality and the people were super friendly i was visiting from cali and the nice guy gave me a pen for a  .
rude gross done .
great steaks great philly vibe i would definitely go there  to a friend .
not good at all i dont know why ppl go there no taste no salt no pepper no dressing nothing just the meat and the cheese .
great .
touristy average quality long lines and wait time .
its good when your hungry after a night out .
genos and pats for that matter is just the philly  for cheesesteaks there are 8 million places that are infinitely better all over the city .
good and yes sometimes its better than pats but pats is still better by default at this point .
this is the epitome of a tourist trap try tony lukes instead .
cool vibe real south philly cheesesteaks this is a fun place with pictures all over the walls of celebrities from the past til now who have been to ginos .
ive lived in philly long enough to know that genos is a low quality overly greasy cheesesteak unless youre starving and walking by it dont bother there are a ton better places for a cheesesteak in the city .
you cant go wrong with wiz wit and an order of cheese fries its a place that anyone living in philly or visiting philly should visit at least once .
disappointing meat didnt taste great and wasnt chopped enough pats across the  was better but both were disappointing save your  wiz onions and peppers requests for jims steaks or one of  other places around these tourists traps are simply for tourists .
its the classic philly cheesesteak what more can you say ya gotta go i cant decide between here and pats theyre both damn good and pretty similar go to both you decide .
its gross and theyre  people if you have to get a cheesesteak go to jims .
equally authentic as pats i love it just as much .
crap steaks and worse service all because theyre overhyped never again .
i know its a tourist trap and i dont like the signs either but i love love love these cheese steaks and i am not ashamed to yelp it its a must have any time i am in philly .
food 3 5 service 1 5 value 2 .
a philly original .
standard cheesesteak in philly meat is bland flavor less and bread is stale good thing this place is a tourist trap so genos will continue to make money .
great sandwich and cheese fries bread is amazing will stop there on my next trip surprised it has a 2 5 star rating deserves better .
overrated no seasoning and the bread was oily and stale this place is just hyped up by the food shows and tourists flock over here .
we go here consistently every year its definitely a winner .
if one place could ruin my love of cheesesteaks genos would be it there was minimal meat cheese and onions genos bread was slightly better than pats but overall it was lackluster i also dont understand why you need to order fries at a separate window .
awesome .
at least i can say i ate here but it was a waste of money this place is a tourist trap there was more bread than meat nothing tasted seasoned if i ever visit philly genos would never get my money again .
good not great gets 4 stars for the history .
for all the hype just pretty average .
definitely gotta hit up genos every we come to philly gotta order the philly cheesesteak with onion and cheese wiz .
what a disappointment in taste quality  hygiene and customer service pats was dramatically better in every category as we tried them at the same time why this place is famous at all completely  me .
soft bread excellent overall steak and cheese whiz wit .
i had to go through philly bc i missed my flight to nyc so i decided to try this place out dont know what the hype is about the meat was dry and not much flavor .
great steaks .
very little meat and not much flavor the frys were bland as well i rather go to pats .
im personally a pats fan but its a cheesesteak so of course its good pro tip know your order and have cash at the ready .
this establishment is proud of being racist need i say more last time i checked this was the city of brotherly love .
not necessarily the best but no complaints .
wow that was marginal was not worth the attitude or money a true food factory though from the time to order and get our subs three minutes great philly cheesesteaks the kiosks in front of home depot .
its not as good as jims but good enough to be famous .
pats beat genos hands down how is this even a competition pats is more flavorful more moist and i feel like its got more meat to bread ratio i had to add a bunch of hot sauce to genos sandwich just to finish it .
neither one patsgenos is perfect for my favorite steak in philly i choose jims but if im in the area and have to choose i choose genos they are cleaner and they have better meat .
im paying for a meh cheesesteak not obnoxious    .
this place is the best it has the best philly  ive ever had no visit to philly is complete without visiting genos .
its historical and all but if you want a real steak go to tony lukes thats where it is at to get a philly steak .
delicious a little out of the way to get here but definitely a good try .
tough tasteless meat stale bread rude service and  oh and grossly overpriced just stay away .
best steak in town its all i want when i am traveling to philly wiz on the steak and wiz on the fries 1 in philly hands down .
1 for rude staff 1 because ive had better in nyc 1 for ignorant signs 1 for the bread 1 because of pats across the street which is marginally better enough said .
good stuff but its a definitely a tourist cheese steak .
the cheapest white bread roll  cheese wiz and apathetic  employees im eating a cheesesteak in the airport right now that is 100 times better dont waste your time only redeeming value is that geno supports the  .
i love going here after a concert or a ball game in the city ive heard the staff can have an attitude but i have yet to experience that tasty cheesesteaks from ginos are the perfect late night meal .
tourist trap small greasy steaks .
geno the owner is fantastic he is not a nazi and hes a great  learn how to order your cheesesteaks before you come in they move fast thats their tradition give them some love .
really not that great staff isnt rude but not nice steaks are ok and the neon racism is just un called for .
oh come on most of the 1 and 2 star reviews are a little harsh its 3 5 star food and a bonus 5 for the  .
would rather rate this place a zero one word tasteless dont waste your time and money coming here pats is by far a better place hands down .
great first time ever came from puerto rico and did the taste test both genos and pat have their unique style and both taste awesome .
if you want an overpriced blend and most of all   cheese steak this is the place to go also racist xenophobic and homophobic sorry for the all caps just wanted to give everyone a fair warning  .
awesome .
pass on this one find a street vendor .
quick service sliced steak with american cheese nice bun very filling liked this better than pats .
this is the epitome of tourist trap pats has at least a passable product genos is the  bad chewy meat not enough cheese and a heaping serving of xenophobia .
steves prince of steaks is actually the best and now that there is a center city location i am  they both lack in meat but the taste makes up for it .
please go to by george in the reading terminal market better service and food no rude person taking your money and you can use a bathroom fu cash register window lady so rude to everyone .
i am personally choose pats over genos but you really cant go wrong with either .
genos has lost the cheesesteak battle against pats rude  bad tasting cheesesteak bland meat no taste in cheese clean er environment than pats okay pricing for size revisit not i .
great stop after a concert or event in south philly gotta learn the lingo so they get the order right  battle with their neighbor pats for the crown of best philly cheesesteak .
very touristy but a fun experience .
i prefer pats but i wont ever turn down the chance to come here if someone wants to go always wiz wit good for breakfast brunch lunch dinner late night dessert .
we went because it was a must in the cheesesteak  but i am glad we also had a pats sandwich which i liked more genos was just ok .
the lines are outrageous but the cheesesteak makes that ok have your cash ready and be willing to answer the  question wid see south philly accent for more information on that good sandwich for about 8 .
owner is a douche and pats is better .
i love there stakes hum hum good .
meh skip with endless options for cheesesteaks in philly this one is not worth the trip the bread was not particularly great and the meat was very fatty  service soggy sandwich and overall underwhelming of the two pats is definitely better .
i was certainly worth the wait even though the line was wrapped around the block it went very quickly certainly  of a real philly cheesesteak if youre in the area it is definitely worth a look see .
 pats is better .
genos is good but pats is definitely better but try both and judge for yourself .
dont drink the  as many yelps have already  the rankings of pats genos as the best place for philly cheese stakes is nothing short of a long standing marketing hoax save your money and go to jims on south street for a decent steak .
ah the famous who does it best i definitely liked the cheesesteak here i really wish they could have an  awning during the winter when i went it was freezing .
very disappointed with genos the cheesesteak was not seasoned the onions were raw and we asked for provolone and there was a small amount of cheese .
im a vegetarian and i liked it because they made me the best veggie sandwich .
was not impressed when i tried genos the meat was dry and the service wasnt that great i wish my first philly cheesesteak experience was better but i was disappointed .
genos was better than pats wouldnt drive to do it again but coming from dc made for an interesting trip .
bread was hard and seemed either stale or not fresh they didnt have green peppers the meat was dry i threw half of it away this place was really disappointing .
you have to stand in line and try this philadelphia landmark the sandwich was great and it was worth the wait do yourself a favor and stop by .
sorry genos but pats has a better cheesesteak i did add  to to the cheesesteak thought i was going to die so that may have distracted me from the actual cheesesteak itself i can say genos fries are better than pats .
best philly cheesesteak ever went here my familys friend took us here we stood in a crazy line but it took us only like 10 minutes to get the cheese steaks greasy but soooo damn good we wanted to come back for more .
cheesesteak just okay but cheese fries was hella good .
tried the original cheesesteak with wiz meat was less tough and juicier than pats genos you win eh 4 stars is still being generous though 3 5 .
i can get a better cheese steak at some ghetto corner store overpriced tasteless and tough to chew this place is just living off of the tourists who are not smart enough to realize they are paying for overpriced slop .
my first trip to philadelphia came here to get the cheese steak one of the best sandwiches i had even though it was rather greasy .
the meat was a bit gummy and way too much fat on it i liked pats better than this place go to pats instead its right across the street and if youre looking cute the guys working there will let you know so .
yummy steaks and soft bread i like the cheese and  of the workers making my sandwhich its not gourmet its a steak shop and they taste great .
epic fail half raw meat on stale bread who comes back and eats this stuff or is it just tourists who like neon lights go to jims on south street or chinks for a real cheesesteak .
my favorite parts are 1 the line is long but moves fast 2 the people working there move fast 3 their cheesesteaks are the best in philly and 4 you must order in english .
this shit was horrible bland dry meat on some break smh they  get business due to the history smh and they charge too much  they are rude .
many steaks later this is my first time here compared to all of the others genos is just as good the rolls are not as good as tony lukes but they make up for it with mucho meat go eat one .
utter disappointment heard about this place from food network and saw all the lines so i expected some authentic cheesesteak that would blow me away boy was i wrong meat was flavorless thin and rubbery bread was soggy nothing special at all .
my husband and i did our own food test between pats cheesesteaks and genos cheesesteaks genos was much better the meat was more flavorful and it was just a much better cheesesteak than pats .
a dry slab of steak between even drier salty bread yum .
yummy and customer service is much better then pats i found their cheese steak flavorful and after tasting this location and pats my group of friends also agreed this was the better of the two locations .
one of the most overrated places in the city the steaks are mediocre at best i can name ten places i would rather get a cheese steak from and the service there is horrible .
this is a really good sandwich you cant go wrong here in my humble opinion i would still choose the other guys across the street pats but this is still a great sandwich nonetheless .
genos has better bread than pats but thats about it in the pats vs genos rivalry pats wins .
i love going to genos steaks yes i know its touristy but who cares its a great experience and a solid cheesesteak from authentic south philly folks pats across the street is good too but i still prefer genos even though im in the minority .
terrible service terrible food and terrible atmosphere only english spoken here oh i no   guess ill take my business elsewhere .
sorry folks but im a genos fan .
its overpriced the light bill must be  here its all lights and fluff from the celebrity pics i would take a pic and say hey ive been there and get a cheesesteak elsewhere i should have spent my 10 dollars elsewhere i wouldnt recommend .
love it got to go to this place .
really bad served with a healthy side of attitude nothing can save this place just bad  anymore will just give me  .
above average cheesesteak i didnt go to pats so im only comparing it to previous cheesesteaks ive had steak was cooked well and the bread was super fresh .
pats vs genos pats by far the provolone cheesesteak sandwich was very dry and bland the meat was flavorless .
loved it worth the trip to south philly to try genos for the first time cheesesteak wit with whiz was perfect also tried pats too which was across the street to properly compare the two places .
i was so sickened by the antiimmigrant signage i ended up  my sandwich and heading across the street this place is so  that they refer to their fries as  fries unwelcoming atmosphere overall skip it .
genos is a great place to stop after a phillys game dont let the line intimidate you it moves quickly .
i just dont get it why people are so crazy about this philly cheese steak i wont mind the line and the jammed pack intersection it reminds me of the philly cheese steak at a bad food court .
steak sandwich was delicious but the fries werent as good as pats the cheese whiz at genos was better but my family convinced me to go with pats enjoyed both places though philly is lucky to have the two  it out in there streets .
i deeply regret eating here a few hours after consuming the greasy cheese steak an unbearable  pain developed in my stomach i threw up in addition to its low quality ingredients coated in grease the location is less than ideal avoid this place at all costs .
you cant miss the lights or the 200 people waiting in line wish i could of got double meat but their way has been working all these years who am i to change it up get the cheese fries too .
this place is an eye  and there cheese steak wasnt that good and they have no public bathrooms is that even legal .
i love genos every time i go to philly we stop here definitely better than pats in my opinion .
i came to philly to try the authentic philly steak cash only 9 final thoughts delicious but pretty plain the bread was soft but i wish it was toasted the sandwich was  of only sliced steak and grilled onions thats it overall it was a boring sandwich .
out of my top 3 favorite philly cheesesteak places genos ranks 2nd the roll is always soft and my wiz wit is always consistently good i also love their cheese fries .
good but what really makes it is the roll .
the cheesesteaks are really good the line is long .
i wish i could have mixed genos and pats genos had thicker meat super moist and cheesy but didnt really have any flavor and the attitude yea im from nyc and even i say thank you and please to the rudest of people .
i tried the big 3 genos pats and jims on south st but genos won by a  .
our first stop during our food crawl trip to nyc tried both genos and pats both were mediocre and definitely not worth the detour should have relied on yelp in  of tv shows .
not only is it a philly institution its called genos what more you want .
wow this was really bad lukewarm meat on an average roll ordered american cheese cheese was put on cold roll with warmish meat cheese did not melt same problem at pats go to steves prince of steaks or ishkabibbles .
my first philly cheese steak experience had a whiz wit and it was dam good the meat wasnt cut up and it wasnt all greasy like pats the bread held everything together perfectly .
just okay i think i prefer my meat chopped up i liked their hot sauce very hot obviously xenophobia is hard to swallow even with a nice helping of wiz and onions im glad i tried it but ill stick with jims .
perfection melts in your mouth gotta get it with cheese wiz if your not from the area skip the sides and just get 2 sandwiches you will never have another one like it .
i give 1 star for the lights and 1 star for yelling at me after i bought a cheesesteak from you ive had cheesesteak in california better then genos in fact i bet ill make a better cheesesteak then genos definitely overhyped .
with out a doubt beats pats out the water .
go else where for a cheesesteak there are better options the regular sandwich has a soso bun and the meat was dry the fries were average overrated went there based on the name only go else where .
i went a few weeks ago with some friends the food was good the service was very fast im not a fan of the lack of seating long lines but overall a must for philadelphians and tourists .
cold and chewy cheesesteak got it within 5 seconds of ordering cash only 9 pat vs genos none both suck .
love their cheese fries .
if you like bad cheese steaks and racists this is the place for you if not go somewhere else .
line is long but moves fast good steaks deserving 4  but we prefer pats .
cheesesteaks arent my thing but this place was okay the wait in the cold the cash only and the xenophobia of this place arent worth what you get and especially what youre paying for .
i dont think ive ever eaten as fast as i did here got the philly cheese steak with american cheese onions a few minutes after ordering the line was super long the only bad thing is limited seating and gaudy lights .
went all the way to philadelphia for this so disapointed guess ill go run the rocky stairs .
i have to give genos a slight edge over pats we did the taste test and genos roll was fresher and they serve coke products .
i used to be a genos guy but it seems just ok i would not drive out of my way to come here again disappointing what happened .
sandwich was very good didnt like it as much with provolone cheese versus the cheese whiz id prefer extra cheese though the bread was very good also soft but still firm enough to hold the juice from the meat .
not a fan for many many reasons .
wiz with need i say more .
crap tourist trap not filling the best thing on the menu are the cheese fries ive had better philly cheese steaks in ft  .
too close to call genos and that other place are both very good and worth the trip got two wit and wiz very good .
had just the standard philly cheesesteak wasnt impressed it also made me a bit sour that they just had the sandwich sitting there at the window and  it over to me the meat wasnt very flavorful and the cheese was meh too .
better than pats .
if you are around this way and want a cheese steak just go to pats not they they are much better but they are by a little .
very good just pricey for what youre getting .
fuck this place bad food and bad service fuck the all the minimum  workers that work there cuz they all got bad attitudes .
i liked it better than pats bigger and better .
very disappointing tasted like  with cheese wiz anyone who can even cook just a little can make a better philly at home i just dont get all the hype the owner was very rude he has lost his passion if he ever had any .
great fresh bread from local bakery and super moist and tasty love it .
sandwich is boring and thats being nice the decor is great if youre a racist or just plain hate those who may be different from you .
genos i miss you so much and i think about you all the time like many  of people before me i visited phili and did the obligatory  comparison with pats to me there was no contest genos wins without a doubt .
rude cashier and a 9 meh sandwich man v food you have failed me if i make it back to philly ill try pats .
great cheesesteaks  .
i went here on my last trip to philly it was pretty decent couldnt complain but i think pats tasted a little better its not as crowded as pats but it is cleaner for sure all in all it was a cheesesteak but jims is way better .
all time best cheesesteaks wiz wit sorry pats fans im all about the cheese on the bottom of my steak for whatever reason ah the college memories of standing in this line at 2 am im getting hungry just  about it .
geno you are not american im probably not the first to say this nor will i be the last your steaks are good but i will not go back due to your preference to be a jerk to  and your bike shop sucks .
im not a huge fan of the bigger slices of steak but it works within the sandwich the seasoning they put on the meat might give them the edge but the folks working there are dbags .
racist  .
went for breakfast while in town the lady at the register was very courteous and my cheesesteak was made pretty quickly benches are outside the shop for customers as well as condiments loved seeing the englishonly signs this place is what america is all about .
the steak here was skinny  that was bland in flavor try pats king of steaks instead .
after eating a 9 cheasesteak places in 2  genos is it the bread had a unique flavor and differently soft the flavor of the meat and wiz was great .
terrible service terrible cheesesteak terrible .
they say this is a tourist steak place but i disagree i always get the wiz with out and i love it never had a bad steak here .
the line is way to long for this place i tried genos and went right across the street to try pats to decide which was better and i think pats is .
genos vs pats genos .
very disappointed stopped by phila on the way to ac shouldnt have wasted gas the bun was cold meat was very average at best i was expecting much more but i guess it more of a tourist trap .
wiz with wiz fries make even the longest road trip seem so far away in my mind thank you genos for  it when i needed it the most .
the cheesesteak was gross the bright lights were annoying and the decor was blatantly xenophobic .
the sandwich and cheese fries are on point they just have terrible customer service they act like you the customer owes them something what a shame because the food is pretty good .
ugh .
i just came back to philly from dc if you want a more juicier and less saltier tasting cheese steak go to genos way better then pats the fries were ok i would  go back for the cheese steak .
toooooo much hype the food has no flavor .
the legend what else can i say pure  cheesey oniony ambrosia bread is perfect steaks are perfect i got mine with onions and american instead of the goopy cheez wiz definitely a bucket list stop .
this place sucked dont believe the hype i tried both and pats is way better then genos but i will never come from ny for either again i make better at home what a let down .
legendary cheesesteak house competing with pats on the facing corner as for me i prefer genos to pats i think the cheesesteaks are better the only way to know for yourself is to try it yourself .
highly overpriced and overrated pats has a better cheesesteak even though they are overrated as well i also heard this place is racist .
well to answer the big question yes it was worth the trip my first ever philly cheesesteak and it did not disappoint at all be prepared for a little bit of a wait but it is well worth it .
i live 1 block from genos and i have only been there once even when im drunk and  i will never go back it is the most tasteless food i have ever had .
as all other people i tested the  rivalry pats asked for the order and gave it to me before i even finished my order genos on the other hand granted my request similar steaks but id go with genos .
staff is so arrogant and rude  on line outside and stunk of their mediocre food there are plenty of other places to get a better cheesesteak without the attitude thumbs down .
had some pats and immediately walked across to genos to compare gotta give to to genos by a nose but i prefer the classic feel of pats .
checked out the website heard the stories ginos is a  and very arguably a racist do not support this establishment i sloppily finished my pats sub at ginos in   .
genos is the best way better than pats and the people that work there are really nice too its the best with  onions a tad of hot sauce and ketchup mustard yum .
it happens all the time whenever a successful business is created someone rips it off with a  model right next door and  10 of their market share if you usually prefer the fake over the original youll probably love genos .
 with the bad reviews 2nd best steak in philly under jims .
not even good drunk 2am .
i tried both pats and genos on the same night just to keep the taste test fair genos was better imo the meat was more flavorful that was the major difference they were both good but genos was just a bit better .
sorry genos but in a side by side taste test pats won genos bread is better than pats but overall the whole package just didnt cut it .
tried both genos and pats im a fan of genos sliced meat yummy bread and cheesewhiz .
as a lifelong pats fan im reminded of the  words of  waldorf you are disgusting and i hate you .
i like i like definately better than a pats i will get everytime i am in philly by the way the difference is tiny they are both good cheese whiz wit and a diet coke .
onions are good but this place is pretty pedestrian not a fan of the  of meat either i guess its in business because of  like me from out of town shoulda just gone to jerrys .
the best either way their both fantastic just make sure you know what you are going to order before you get up to the window .
pats across the street is much better these are just sub par to ok not really worth the hype imo .
personally i think this is better than pats the hot sauce is phenomenal .
i waited until i tried both pats and genos to write my review and im going to have to side with pats genos wasnt horrible as i have had worse cheesesteaks in my life but the steak at pats was juicier and wasnt overpowered by the cheese .
as good as it gets for a sliced cheesesteak although i prefer chopped american wit  said .
it was ok did not live up to the hype ive had better cheese steaks at the jersey shore the peppers and onions are from  not fresh very disapointing .
im not a cheesesteak expert i loved every cheesesteak i tried in philly this one was good because the line moved really quickly .
checked out both pats and genos not sure what the big deal is no flavor all i can say great tourist trap .
good cheese steaks at a good price .
genos pats are slightly different but both are pretty sloppy and not that great plenty of restaurants have them beat in quality service tastiness you only go here for the experience because they claim to be the original philly steak .
best cheesesteak i have ever had quick service great staff geno still works 7 days a week he was there and took pictures with patrons great stop .
i find that those small carts throughout center city makes a better cheesesteak than genos .
the best in the land no matter where i go genos is still the best anywhere .
this place is not good i was not impressed i ate here with three other people who have traveled many places and we could not see how anyone thought this was good i would rather get a double  from burger king it would be more  .
have done a taste test between this and pats twice i would have to say that meat is by far more lean and the bread rocks over their direct competitors always a line though for good reason of course .
i speak perfect english and not only will i not order in english here i wont order at all pats across the street delivers steak sandwiches fine without accompany xenophobia very few americans have  who could have ordered at genos without  along wit it .
second best fries after ishkabibbles and they are  .
also totally ok bland but better bread than pat kings unless you like soggy bread .
mmmm they do not hide behind  lights genos wins in my book .
i think they are both overrated but pats was my clear choice although i liked the fries and pictures in front of genos even though i give a low rating this is a must see and this texan tourist still enjoyed the taste test .
genos is an institution in philadelphia i love a place that has direct competition across the street pats but still remains and considers cheese whiz a food group the cheese steaks are tasty if you are ever in philly try genos .
we usually go to pats across the street .
i need to reiterate how amazing this place is i am adding two words to my previous review cheese fries .
sometimes i like to take friends and family who have never been and get one from pats and one from here and see which they like best its fun just dont forget and take a steak over to the other area youll get  out of the place .
genos pats whats the difference i grew up on this slop and it still tastes the same regardless of what cheesewiz they use .
the cheesesteaks here are terrible .
if you have a cheesesteak at lunch you wont need to have dinner .
the atmosphere and tradition are the reasons for the two stars i was not very impressed with the actual food seems like there was too much bread and not enough meat on the sandwich will try pats across the street next time .
the wiz w cheese steak what can i say ummmm  .
worse than pats is having said been there done that really worth a crappy overpriced sandwich when there are so many better options in this city i dunno good things cheese fries and hours bad things pretty much everything else .
hottest steaks in the  .
overrated overrated  it with me next time im in philly im going to try some of the local spots this place is for tourists cheese fries were money though .
this place is so good but not enough people go here help support them they have amazing food and service .
love their cheese fries but their steaks send me straight to the bathroom  but true lol dont forget you must order in english at genos haha .
love it take out is quick and always hits the spot owner is super friendly and if you bite the  the thai spicy burns in all the right ways brown rice is extra though .
genos is better than pats but in all  these cheesesteaks arent that awesome bland meat low quality bread and processed cheese meh .
i normally dont like any type of coconut curry but man the red curry here was on point yum .
your review helps others learn about great local businesses please dont review this business if you received a  for writing this review or if youre connected in any way to the owner or employees .
warm intimate authentic food served by husband and wife owners small menu allows the kitchen to really shine impeccable service that  both causal groups and the many dates that the new york style dining room invites must eat meatballs green curry fried rice pad kee mao .
super excited about trying a famous genos philly cheesesteak unless their horrible cafeteria food is the definition of an iconic sandwich pats right across the street was better but still was quite atrocious we stayed in and cooked cheesesteaks the next night .
i visited last week the food was delicious i ordered the lemongrass soup and the pad thai very tasty and lovely presentation i definitely would recommend it .
theres a reason we call philadelphia  or  because if you dont get shot well kill you with artery clogging tourist traps such as genos not to mention that the service is ridiculously almost comically rude .
great food nice atmosphere will be coming back .
this place is bogus the rolls are bad the meat is bad the  lights are horrible take a pass on this if youre from out of town dont judge a cheesesteak by eating one of the  .
enjoy your meal with cool place cool service cool price the food was delicious and seem like you have dinner in thailand both of boss khun tom khun ann are very nice they take care every clients by themselves its great have a worth dinning today .
dont even bother not worth the hype .
very yummy it was my first time eating thai food so i stuck with what i knew fried rice i had the beef fried rice and it was so good my hubby had duck and it too was great overall great .
we checked this out immediately after grabbing a sandwich from pats while their wall of celebrity pics was impressive their sandwich was less impressive i liked the quality of their bread a little more but the meat was drier than pats i wouldnt go back .
we live in ca so we eat thai food all the time the noodles at this place are so tender i cant believe it good curry and one of the friendliest waitstaff ever .
the question of all questions pats or genos and the answer they both suck .
most likely the nicest owners of an establishment ive met they are so caring and will go very much out of the way for you i love the pad see ew and my boss always has the roasted duck .
decent cheesesteak a little dry though for my tastes .
always a winner great wellpriced food and super friendly service byob phad thai and crispy duck are always good .
i know its a philly institution its long lost its  the cheesesteaks are mediocre wit or  and its really out of the way trust me cheese whiz does not make a cheesesteak great quite the contrary .
it little cafe which have great food awesome green curry and  salad if you want  exotic tasty u will find it here love it .
is the cheesesteak really any different from pats hm no is this place just downright obnoxious a definite yes .
very very good restaurant the food was sooo good and the service was great too definitely coming back again .
so effing expensive so effing racist better than pats on taste but i mean thats not saying much if your view of cheesesteaks is so  it just considers these two   both places give me diarrhea .
incredibly friendly service and owners homemade authentic food and a warm interior make for an excellent experience i love everything about this place they also are very conscious of vegetarian vegan and glutenfree needs .
all you need to know about genos is across the street at pats no comparison pats is the best do yourself a favor and head across the street .
just loved everything i ate in this  chicken satay green curry are unforgettable .
my fiance and i tried genos after experiencing the awesomeness at pats genos does not even compare to pats genos steak was chewy and fatty the fries were soggy and disgusting next time we go pats it is .
excellent pad thai delicious thai iced tea definitely recommend very small space doubt they can accommodate more than 6 in a table nice people slow waiters .
steak is good needs better bread not the right ratio .
its a really cute little cozy place with super friendly staff and very prompt service the food was very good as well no complaints .
good steaks or not this establishment is owned and operated by a xenophobic racist piece of shit do not patronize these  go to pats .
we just left after enjoying an amazing lunch chicken shrimp fried rice and chicken stir fry  was sweet and was very  plus the entire menu and thai tea was the best .
between pats and genos pats is the winner sorry genos but i dislike your neon lights and your hard bread in comparison to pats plus you were mean to my friends friend   .
very good thai food one of our favorite neighborhood spots love that it is a byob .
rude owner and employees never make up for halfway decent food .
update i cannot tell you how much i love this place .
not worth going out of your way .
pad thai was delicious and service was excellent .
awful the only place worse is across the street at pats if youre from philadelphia or have lived in philadelphia you wouldnt be caught dead at this intersection .
fantastic experience with a group of six on saturday night staff was great food was fantastic so affordable and delicious a great addition to the neighborhood we will be back .
overprice overrated steak dirty tables employees with major attitude you would have to pay me to eat here .
the food is great and the staff is extremely nice i love all the fantastic vegetarian options and the fact that its byob .
downright terrible their bread is the only thing thats worth eating the meat is bland and tough if you end up in this neighborhood for cheesesteak go across the street to pats .
large jerk chicken and rice is 10 bucks out the door the chicken is deliciously spicy and tender the rice has an insane amount of flavor as well i really cant say anything else the people are friendly and the food is great .
got the whiz wit i like the bread and onions at pats better i also like the chopped steak at pats better the guy who took our orders seemed like he was really sick of dealing with tourists .
had lunch there small place essentially counter service i had the goat stew which was good wife had a jamaican beef patty which was great definitely will go back .
seriously wtf the obvious success of genos reminds me of the contemporary hiphop music industry people put out utter crap that any  idiot could yet somehow achieve success the likes of us will never see  .
one of the best pizza places around great choice for anyone looking for real traditional great pizza taste .
overrated clap clap  go to  .
consistent quality a broad selection of italian favorites and good service it is a go to for many who work nearby their salads are particularly good i have to say the pizzas are great as well .
sucked sandwhich wasnt good the service sucked the tables were really dirty and not worth all the hype dont let the bright lights draw you in take a trip to tony lukes if you want the best .
go to  for the pizza not the pasta reasonably priced for the regular or special slices buffalo chicken and their white pies are some of the best choices other choices are alright went there once and the pasta was drenched in oil for the most part .
yum i love my south philly cheesesteak this one is good but i prefer pats i would have given it 3 stars but the staff is so freaking rude and the limited outside table areas are not always kept very clean .
pizza only i always get the margherita slice thin crispy crust fresh mozz tomato topping i miss this pizza dearly apparently byob .
the steak was ok a little tasteless its the philly hype pats is the same its the hype cheese fries were good just a little too filing lil  is the best in philly for a cheese steak .
great spot to bring your own wine with a reasonably priced menu full of standard selections and some great specials a great spot if you live in central jersey and are meeting people from the philly area as its right in between .
this place is a freaking tourist trap its terrible cheesesteaks its competitive  as the worst place in philly .
we have gone here numerous times for pizza and finally sat in the dinning room for a dinner we were not disappointed we had the chicken francaise sp and chicken parmesan food was good and liked that is is byob better than most local places will go again .
genos oh you mean the giant bug light and mess at 9th  skip it there are much better cheesesteaks in the city the locals dont go to pats or genos but if your going to go i vote pats .
i dont like pizza if anything i like chicago deep dish but i love their pizza .
better roll than pats but that is where it ends youll find better steaks elsewhere but if youve never been to philadelphia before you have to try a steak at genos then at pats to compare for yourself the fries with whiz at genos are pretty decent .
like the best pizza for me that comes with wide variety .
greasy but ok went there on a business trip because of all the speak english hype at the time its located in what i consider a sketchy part of town but probably ok in south philly standards .
chicken  was very good service very attentive nice family restaurant .
i dont think ill eat a philly cheese steak ever again it does not look or taste appetizing and my stomach definitely did not agree with it t its not good for breakfast brunch lunch dinner late night or desserts .
we eat here all the time the food is amazing vodka sauce over angel hair pasta is the way to go the fish and chicken dishes are also very good .
hot sauce my a is still burning and i have been banned from the sheraton maid required a  suit to clean the bathroom thanks genos .
best pizza in mercer county hands down dinners are great as well good customer service ive been going for some time to this place never bad service or food .
someone wrote sucks less than pats that sums it up really well consider this item it is at least one hundred times cleaner than pats .
for the little hole in the wall feel this place has it has an amazing beer selection great people very solid food live music what is there not to love .
i came from va with my family just to try those two  places n we r so disappointed because taste is really bad nothing special .
loved the look and feel of this place and all the cool history that goes along with it i usually go for the live music and food on the weekends the staff is very friendly and great place to just chill out .
horrible all the hype for nothing just another tourist spot not worth the trip the bread was hard the meat dry and nasty really not worth it at all there are better philly cheesesteaks closer to downtown philly go there instead .
this place was a surprising find we were looking for some place to watch some football while visiting friends they had an pretty impressive beer selection and 5 wings on sundays too bad its not closer to where i live .
joey vento served me my steaks at 6 am these were simply over rated cleaner than pats however neither were delicious i believe this to be a tourist trap .
nice cozy little spot in the middle of bloomfield passed it a million times but it was worth it if you went to bloomfield high you are guaranteed to run into someone here .
this place creeped me out with all their hostile  and then the food wasnt even that great if youre in the neighborhood just go across the street to pats .
i come here at least once a week the food is great as well as the service by the way if you like specialty beers they have them all the also have a beer social club where you  gift cards this is hands down my favorite bar .
too much hype to this place w too little to show for just like the rating meh .
the atmosphere is great the bar is clean and up to date the food is awesome had the quesadillas and their death seat burger was unreal loved the beer battered and deep fried  a must taste if visiting the place i will be visiting them often .
take a picture there then leave if youre unbelievably famished then order the cheese fries .
great place to eat at and fun place to hang at  tap beer around great staff and friendly bartenders a place to  to have some fun love this place  .
   .
great place for drinks in the evening with friends and dinner with the family in the daytime fast friendly attentive service been back a few times and everything on the menu has been great definately will be going back .
love the lights but i was really expecting more from such heated competition and um when did south philly become the  of proper english .
love the burgers and the serversbartenders good drink specials and  go here and bring your friends its a great local bar owned by local guys that deserves a chance .
had the pork sandwich it was awful had better ones in school  plus the surly attitude of the staff just makes this a no brainer skip it and save your money .
you cant ask for much more in a local bar recently re opened and dusted off the old canal inn has it all the regulars literally haunt the place be careful where you sit ask the bartender where the death seat is .
for all the hype ive heard about this place i expected a whole lot more the steak wasnt bad but just wasnt great i think ive had better cheesesteaks in ny and cali .
came here for brunch last weekend delicious veggie wings with fried brussels sprouts mixed in then i had the toad in a hole which was huge and full of delicious chorizo would highly recommend it and look forward to coming back when the deck is open .
1st place to sell philly cheesesteaks multiple celebrity pictures quick philly service decent fries not good philly cheesesteak .
im updating this because ive recently had infinitely times better service and i found a menu favorite the tempeh reuben i think i was too quick to judge this place before they got settled in i wish the menu had cheaper options because id go back more .
worse than pats big signs  long lines bad meat bad rolls annoying policies expensive why go read my pats review if you want something more  .
love this place food is great and the service is always good best happy hour in fishtown .
the 2nd best cheesesteak at the intersection which puts it at about  overall in the region the meat isnt good the rolls arent good and all the lights and  are just way too  but still ive had worse a tourist trap and nothing more .
good vegan options and the wings tossed in bbq sauce are so so good im  here at late night happy hour and brunch time ive really come around on cedar point in the past two years .
my  and i tried 5 different cheese steaks places during our cheese steak crawl and genos pats where the worst two they are both too greasy their bread is crap and they give you much less meat than other places e g cosmis .
premium bar 2  on mondays get here .
this place sucks meats not marinated bread is soggy tasteless go to the great steak escape at your local shopping mall instead .
fried egg blt is the best cheap good beers never a wait when i go and friendly service .
 de   mas .
my neighborhood go to place great food and relaxing atmosphere love the outside deck part and the service is great would love more veggie options though .
i dont think their cheese steaks have enough meat also the bread was too hard too bad this was my first philly cheesesteak after moving here i dont think ill be back again .
nice place great staff and good ownership who is willing to fix any problem i recommend the cobb salad very good and great beer n drink specials and always a change of food specials .
greasy boiled meat of which there was little of in my cheesesteak  offensive signs in the windows annoying 2 tier ordering system .
the food and atmosphere at  are great i am a big fan of the wings served with brussel sprouts and the kale burger rocks the outdoor seating is great and the bar is beautiful with creative and delicious cocktails and friendly staff .
awful  and gristly meat with a side of ignorance all soaked in that burning 24hr neon  .
brunch was delicious bill had red beans and rice with  spicy but yummy i had red hash great flavors beets sweet potato and  both dishes with eggs over easy went perfectly with a cider and a moscow mule .
 it was all grissle and fat i hate this place .
great food and drinks great catfish yall .
out of all the places to get a cheesesteak in this cheesesteak capital i  genos the most its gross simple as that even if im drunk and have burned all my taste buds off its still gross .
really nice young place friendly staff good draft menu out of this world crab cake sandwich love their choice to have potatoes instead of fries .
yuck nothing about it was good i get better cheesesteaks in san francisco .
love this place i loved a full plate their past restaurant and now i love this place just as much food is delicious great drinks and great atmosphere i recommend the tempeh ruben and beet raviolis they are delicious great outdoor deck for summer nights too .
im not a big fan my experiences at genos are always disappointing the meat is too tough and fatty but hey if you like eating tough and fatty cheesesteaks under ridiculously bright neon lights then go to genos enjoy .
my idea of heaven is eating cedar points chicken and waffles while  up some sun on their awesome outdoor deck the friendly service and yummy bloody marys are added  .
well i couldnt review pats without reviewing genos so to sum things up in a nutshell crap .
greasy but oh so good i had the fried pickles yum and a blt sandwich that had a lot more of a bite then i thought it would delicious but spicy couldnt stop eating it yummy cheap beer too .
genos is inferior to pats for two reasons the first is their meat which appears to be  and  than pats the second is their  sign which makes that corner look like reno which isnt a good thing .
we started with brussels sprouts veggies wings and they were the bomb also we tried some yummy cocktails from here dont remember the name but they worth it friendly staff cute decoration exciting atmosphere would definitely go there for friday night .
id eat at genos but i dont know how to speak english .
awesome restaurant in our neighborhood with creative and delicious menu beer selection rotates and will never leave you thirsty we love brunch here and sitting on the patio outside on a nice day is a great way to meet up with friends in the hood .
the cheese whiz variety was better than the provolone and the condiments station was very nice however i prefer my steaks without  politics lay off the   garbage and let me eat my cheesesteak in peace you  .
great menu awesome service even though i only eat at the bar try the cedar point lemonade .
didnt get to try out pats because it was closed but the cheesesteak here wasnt that great we also tried out jims right before so  speaking genos was below average .
another solid trip to cedar point the wings with roasted brussels sprouts were great cocktails were also very good .
overrated for too much grease and tude sheesh  just prefer more veggies somewhere beyond the  onions .
been here twice now and the burger and wings are some of the best you can find in the city amazing flavors cant wait to go back .
all i can say about genos is its better pats but i have had some of the worst cheesesteaks i have ever eaten at both of them i just can understand why people make such a big deal about them other than local rivalry .
great beer on tap at a great price had a bunch of small plates and a burger which was very good i even liked the vegan food that we ordered i never thought id love brussel sprouts even my 6 year old ate them .
nice people but food is very sweet we had the pad thai and  curry and couldnt stomach either .
awesome place walked by this vacant restaurant for a long time always looked like an awesome deck so happy this place has finally become a great place to eat outside and have a nice drink on a warm summer night .
unless you have hours to spend sitting in a one room house structure dont come here just one waiter and it literally takes an hour for the food to appear the food is good though but i dont think its worth the wait .
we were from out of town and we found this great little place the fried green tomato po boy was the best i ever had definitely a fresh yummy southern food place .
service is slow waitress was sleepy ignored my request for mild spices food arrived way too spicey wake up waitress listen to me when i say mild spice .
excellent beer choices laid back ambience eclectic foodie selection of munchies and helpful wait staff ive been back several times and not been disappointed .
as usual the service is horrible took half hour to get pizzas when the restaurant isnt crowded food ok but only get take out never sitting down in here again .
a solid addition to the fishtown area vegetarians come here their vegetarian selections are innovative and delicious  vegan cheese plate veggie croquettes veggie wings they have all of these plus more .
i tried the pizzeria with my colleague today it is way overprice besides the pizza dough tasted like undercooked i will not come back again .
i didnt come here expecting anything a friend promised me wings and a beer on a friday night i walked away from kellianns having eaten one of the best pork tenderloin sandwiches ever im hooked .
i only come here for take out as it is extremely close to my home the food is decent but the staff behind the counter is always rude i stopped coming in after a few times the food is not worth the bad attitude its served with .
great neighborhood spot must try the burger tasty food good service and moderately priced beer strong drinks and nice patrons a little small and a bit  but still very nice place during the week .
i was here for a private party  and the food was really bad it was barely edible avoid this place at all costs .
there is a reason this place got only 4 stars the mens room is really small i have a 54 inch waist and i had a hard time turning around other than that i liked the place .
me and my dad saw our friends band perform here its a dive bar nothing special its just not my scene but i do remember ordering food and wut i had was good just cant remember wut it was its been a long time .
hard to park but go around back to do it quite little irish pub they also serve food have a  and enjoy .
went there on a saturday at about 700 an order of onion rings took 45 minutes burgers followed at the  mark food was nothing spectacular there were only 4 tables filled in the place so the delay was confusing .
nice dive with good cheap drinks good outside seating in the summer i wouldnt recommend dinner here though .
there is no way that im going to pay 13 for the same burger i paid 9 for 2 years ago the beers have gotten smaller for the price and their liquor menu has been adjusted for cost booo .
great corner bar friendly bartenders and relaxing atmosphere this bar is the quintessential neighborhood corner bar they serve my favorite irish whiskey  which very few irish bars in philly actually have havent had anything but a great time here cant wait to go again .
i tried it again self  just sucks .
sat at bar ordered a burger off the specials menu that had long hots the pepper in it it was slammin the fries were really  as well the beer was wet outdoor seating looked cool yeah eatin food .
while i love this place for the  to my house and the awesome wings the service sucks there arent enough people working so while the bartender does try their best they just cant handle the amount of people neighborhood dive bar that needs more staff .
im here right now and the music is great the food is great and im loving the blackened shrimp caesar salad my hubby absolutely loves the wings and the bartender waitress is so nice i will definitely come back if i am in the area .
went here had a pint and some wings the wings were average not anything spectacular like the menu would have you believe small place but nice to go watch the game at .
clean atmosphere friendly staff good location and great dogs too many options beg for many visits online ordering helps for take out .
every morning i walk by kellianns and noticed the delivery of bread on a few occasion all of the bread was thrown across the floor i dont step foot in the place anymore the bathrooms are nasty .
mac cheese on a hot dog genius and delicious the bbq bacon dog is awesome too highly recommend this place good food at school price ive only been able to make it down there once so far but i cant wait to go back .
food is not that great service sucks they play favorites with their customers place is better when adela is there when she goes away look out cause when shes not there its a bust .
finally a hot dog made to perfection very friendly staff easy to locate and the hotdogs are amazing all the time made your way and topped to your liking this place is the best .
who the hell decides to  on friday night when there are customers in the restaurant casa adela .
they have the best mac and cheese their hot dogs are amazing my personal favorite is the  try jordans you will not be disappointed .
they ran out of rice and the food was alright people who give it 5 stars obviously dont know good food the service was horrific and thats an understatement .
stumbled on this place accidentally while ducking into the bakery next door and dude its great the service is friendly and efficient the hot dogs are top notch and the menu is  but creative come here also i noticed that they deliver for those in town .
overpriced paid 7 for a small chicken salad sandwich that came with nothing but an under  pickle .
they stayed open for us after hours and the hot dogs were awesome .
dont believe the hype brooklyn staple  food is awful service is worst cleanliness questionable dont eat here .
amazing ive ordered from jordans twice and each time was great food is delivered fast hot and with a smile the georgia hot is classic and yummy the mac supreme is indulgent spicy and filling i also love the deli pickles .
iconic place but they probably have slipped their standards in recent years got served a stone cold omelet for breakfast .
if you dont like this place you are a bad person .
i found this place on yelp with the  ranking i spent 15 min to reach that place and it was closed waste .
great little hot dog joint family owned and run nice people support small businesses .
we had to wait in line for like half an hour and then when we go inside it was just mediocre diner food wtf there are mediocre diners everywhere just go to one of those if you want that kind of food .
on  ordered takeout 2 chicken  and 8 pasteles the price 45 00 cash they do not accept credit or debit the food was delicious flavorful fresh .
people said this place was good for pancakes its not belowaverage spongy greasyspoon diner kind of things that get tough after four minutes on the table really not good .
one con cash only other than that all the food was amazing just like my grandma makes it we had the  pernil beef stew arroz con  plus chicken soup its amazing amazing amazing omg omg i would go there every day for every meal .
sorry to say i was pretty disappointed service was rushed all 3 of our orders arrived with mistakes cheese in an omelet that wasnt requested sausage instead of bacon sauce not on the side tiny table for 3 people pancakes were tasty but the rest meh .
good cheap puerto rican food ive had lunch here a few times since its right by my office theres a bit of wait for your food but everything comes fresh and piping hot .
forgettable they served better food to me while i was waiting in line than when i actually ordered i dont understand all the hype i know its an old institution but they need to step their game up .
the best puertorican food ive ever had i wish california had a decent ace like this if we come back to visit ny we will definitely come back here .
sorry do not understand the hype the coffee tasted like  the lemon ricotta pancakes tasted like regular pancakes with  mixed in i love good ole greasy spoon diner food as much as the next person but this was a letdown .
so far i only ordered delivery but their rotisserie chicken is mind blowing it comes with delicious rice and beans perfectly delivered i was keep ordering from  pollo before but casa adelas seasoning made me switch to them highly recommended .
its aight typical diner food the cherry drink is good .
had flan and a cafecito delicious creamy tasty just the right amount of everything will def come back to check out their meals  says 5 stars for the  de pulpo .
we read the reviews and we thought this would be a great place for breakfast my bf got the  pancakes very thick almost undercooked in the center lots of food i got a burger with fries and it was ok nothing to write home about .
the tostones were amazing the rotisserie chicken was flavorful pork was cooked perfectly service was quick and the cafe con leche was to die for .
i honestly hate this place and hate that it gets such raving reviews there are sooo many better places to have breakfast and lunch in bk now if youre into the whole diner scene then this place works out perfectly for you .
loved the mofongo pernil and sancocho amazingly kind staff great value great place to cure a hangover or a longing for a homecooked meal .
maybe im a food snob but after clinton streets pancakes toms pancakes were not delicious like so many of you claimed i dont know i guess i expected better .
they get 4 stars for food but 1 star for phone  and  attempts via phone .
in a word overrated .
i had the mofongo which was really good in other restaurants it is sometimes dry but here it was pretty moist and they also give you a side of garlic butter sauce also the staff were all very friendly .
one word overrated .
amazing chicken everything tastes like it was slow cooked in my  kitchen so happy to still find some authentic puerto rican flavors in les gentrification hasnt managed to destroy everything .
was very underwhelmed with this place as popular as it seemed to be with the line out the door and all the food was nothing worth putting any time into writing about so in short unless you are severely lacking in options i wouldnt be bothered .
very enjoyable dinner in a comfortable setting the sancocho was delicious my wife loved how they prepared the yuca salad was nothing special platanos were great .
huge disappointment pancake was like lead coffee bland line ridiculously long theyre not  out gold people i could name three other diners that are better off the top of my head .
best puerto rican food in the city .
alright place pumpkin pancakes too tangy homefries better than most diners dont understand the long lines the free oranges coffee while waiting on line were a nice touch .
the food here is like eating at your grandmothers kitchen counter authentic generous and jam packed with love and flavor the mofongo is especially excellent with the  also the byob option is excellent thanks for an amazing meal .
eh whatever nice decor indifferent service .
this place is the  been coming here for a few years best meal in the neighborhood for under 20 bucks hands down .
yuck .
this is a real puerto rican family  and with the best food made by adela for more than 30 years in  amazing .
i went for lunch i got the taco special it was 3 tacos the tacos i make at home are better i dont know if i will go back to try anything else cause lets face it if you cant do a good taco need i say more .
mofongo just mofongo the pollo the everything everything is delicious i love that i feel like im walking into a puerto rican kitchen and you have  in the back cooking for you its a hole in the wall and i love that good food good prices .
papa rellena hot on outside cold on the inside coffee watery guava pastry stale croqueta mushy service hospitable but sorry will not be back .
like being in the island love adela whoever she is .
food is very mediocre empanadas were soggy and the black beans and ropa vieja werent impressive .
had them cater my sons birthday party amazing rotisserie chicken and superb pernil reasonably priced super friendly staff .
why come here when there are so many other dinner spots that offer better food service and atmosphere tonight was my last attempt to enjoy a place that lacks in every category .
two words 1 phenomenal 2  cant wait to go back sweetest people .
nice spot for a drink but very disappointing kitchen the strip steak mussels caesar salad and flat bread were all disappointing .
superb authentic mofongo reasonable prices the location is a pain in the rear but worth it .
knock knock whos there rude ass bartender rude ass bartender who the prissy one with the   .
best puertorican restaurant authentic puertorican dishes and fresh made small but  staff and music makes you feel like you in puerto rico .
this place has a nice bar the food is terrible greasy poorly prepared without thought tasteless food awesome bar staff drink here and skip dining .
very cheap very delicious authentic and friendly i am not sure what else you need if you like food from this region of the world then you will like casa adela for a more detailed review read the review directly below this one couldnt agree with it more .
lets be honest the people who like this place are townies loyal to woody you get better tasting food from a tv dinner and the service esp at the bar is  and not in a funny or entertaining way and slow  slow even for philly standards .
super authentic and good i can imagine this is how it feels to be in pr at some local joint .
the 2 stars are strictly for the food the service is horrible i wont be going back .
i could eat an entire meal of just the yellow rice and red beans rotisserie chicken and steak with onions are both excellent .
i went to get  to go and i waited about 15 minutes and left because these waitresses have no manner they ignored me and kept walking by me a hundred times and none of them took my order and i was the only one waiting terrible service .
good food but not great the portions are large which is good and the food is great i had the yellow rice with chicken and beans all was good and i would definitely go back if in the area .
very disappointing dont waste your time the pernil is dry and tasteless buffet style food that is just not good the neighborhood is not the best neighborhood either you can definitely wind up down the wrong block if you dont know the area .
good authentic down home puerto rican good hiding out in alphabet city service is so friendly to spanish and  alike .
expected it to be better with all the hype  a good hot dog shouldnt be difficult but in the end what made it lack luster was a poor choice of bun the bread just aint good  .
havent been here for at least six months but if its still like it was then im heading back roast chicken and rice and sweet plantains and black beans and awesome .
what happened to standards bun was ice cold not a chicago dog in my book and so filthy as in a dump this used to be my favorite dog joint in philly but like jims has lost its standards such a shame .
amazing authentic perfectly made anyone who says anything different doesnt know puerto rican food super cheap too .
i was  when i ate here yet still found it nasty the bread needs to be warmed up more and doesnt taste fresh i guess theyre pretty creative with the different dogs but quality was horrible .
just tried casa adela and left with a full tummy and a huge smile i dont eat meat but had no problem having a terrific feast here black beans yellow rice sweet plantains bring your pork loving friends and chow down .
meh overpriced hotdogs in a basement focus on making a good hot dog not these fancy named silly ones also this is a garden  setting thus it lacked ambience .
the cuban sandwich is awesome and a side of rice and beans will definitely feed more than one person i like coming here because i always have lunch for the next day too .
meh underwhelming and they charged me 1 50 for a cup of water wont be back .
delicious my mom discovered this place off of the food network i think it was tiny homey almost kind of out of the way but definitely worth the trek the staff was really nice as well .
food was all around ehh save yourself the disappointment and find a better place to eat .
absolutely wonderful roast chicken theres not much else to say .
waiter took so long that gave me time to really analyze menu and realize how pricey dishes were based on ingredients food  buy 6 plantains for 2 waited more walked out .
whole rotisserie chicken 8 50 yellow rice 4 50 wellpriced delicious  pollo rico y  priceless .
had lunch there today food was not good at all and spent 80 00 should have just thrown out car window calamari was over cooked ox tail was not right meat tasted off good luck but i told u all .
this is alphabet city at its puerto rican best i can imagine this is what good pr home cooking is like chicken off the rotisserie is delicious stews are rich and flavorful flan is amazing almost like a cheese cake plus the staff is super nice .
food is okay but very pricy for the quality appetizer for 15 bucks and entree for 18 at minimum .
what an amazing puerto rican restaurant being from puerto rico myself i miss the food terribly but every time i come here i leave as satisfied as if i ate at my grandmas kitchen and the best part of all is that its super affordable and byob .
mediocre food .
totally solid its pretty amazing what you can get for under 10 here so cheap and the 12 pollo is really good ill definitely be visiting this place again on a side note its byob if you dine in .
ok food expensive for what it is slow and crappy service if you want to try cuban cuisine this place will do but not really a place you would return multiple times .
 homemade puerto rican food como mi mami authentic cheap delicious forget ambiance or detailed service youre here for the food and the flan everything on the menu is always spot on so just order whatever youre in the mood for terrific tiny spot .
yikes this place is unbelievably greasy maybe im used to better cuban food but there was oil literally dripping from our dishes as we left and walked around the side we could see into the kitchen we havent been back since .
my husband loves adelas coffee beautiful pictures you can feel the history of the place very nice staff the food smell great cheap .
horrendous service absolutely horrendous the food has also gone downhill i used to rave about this place after three occasions in a row with terrible service and mediocre food i will not return .
love the cuban sandwich with its fresh pork thats prepared daily smothered in melting cheesy goodness and finished with plentiful ham and theres pickles and mustard and its 4 cheaper than porchetta competition is good for the market right .
our food was horrible qdoba taste better than this i enjoy qdoba but we all know its not authentic .
all i can say is that it really feels like home to me reminds me of my  in the  the coffee is  great the pictures on the wall are also  and tell a rich story about les .
very small place great food but when you have a restaurant this small owner cant be so eccentric that they throw a birthday party for themselves that practically closes the place down during dinner hour wtf was this owner thinking .
amazing service and food pricey but its well worth it great ambiance but the service just awesome .
literally smelled like  giving it two stars instead of one because we didnt actually taste any food before leaving so who knows .
some of the most skilled bartenders in the city work here the wine selection is killer and the menu is great .
omg 1pm on a friday and they ran out of brisket we came here just for this what are you going to tell the dinner people also you cant get corn bread or beef ribs at lunchtime i guess this is a part time restaurant .
this place was fantastic the drinks the food and what i really loved was the upscale contemporary atmosphere expensive but worth the price for a stylish night out .
despite the food being pretty good the service and management does not have it together and they are not ready to be open yet .
this place was fantastic the drinks the food and what i really loved was the upscale contemporary atmosphere expensive but worth the price for a stylish night out .
so much potential with a great layout unfortunately  is horrendous greens and fairways need to be cut down payed 48 on a sunday afternoon and walked out without finishing 18 because my husband and i were so frustrated with the course .
ocean prime made my  birthday the most memorable ever wondering what took them so long to open for lunch .
terrible pizza often cold on delivery and rather bland its marginally better when dining in say what you will about supporting local businesses but if there were a dominos in the area this wouldnt survive .
had the fillet mignon and the blueberry cheesecake steak was so tender and cooked perfectly delicious the cheesecake was smooth and amazing .
walked in looked around saw the all you can eat heat lamp heated pizza and salad bar with crusted over beans took a peak in the kitchen and walked the heck out .
i thought the food and atmosphere was awesome the food was fantastic and the service was too i would highly recommend .
they take way too long with delivery the food was okay and was not super hot etc .
amazing mac and cheese and the pasta as good too the place itself has a great ambiance and  type feel as expected .
theyve changed their chef to someone who doesnt believe in pizza sauce on pizzas so now its not even good as take out .
sooooo delicious the lobster mac cheese is the best maccheese i have had in my life excellent service very upscale place everything i had was divine .
we had the place cater to us we had them deliver our meals to the hotel and there was nothing special about  the food was alright when we ordered they did give us all the essentials that we needed .
the service and food where outstanding from the calamari to the chocolate cake also the bubbling berries drink was good and exciting to see it bubble .
terrible food terrible service dirty floors sat me at a table with crumbs on it get real or get out of the business .
we have been three times and each time the food and service were excellent the sides are served family style and each one was great love it there and would highly recommend the restaurant is very pretty inside with a really nice bar cant wait to return .
food was mediocre yea but being able to order food online as youre walking back to the river from  was a  option who else knows where the river  are .
i came here for center city sips on a whim and im glad i did this is one of the  restaurants ive been to in center city and the atmosphere is nothing short of  for an anniversary or other celebration i would highly recommend ocean prime .
really bad food all around their buffet looked like they were all leftovers pizza is definitely not up to par with any restaurants even the chains .
theatrical drinks theatrical drinks need i say more gorgeous place the decor and ambiance reminiscent del  but this is my new favorite spot .
bread sticks miniature loaves of bread with square pieces of what appeared to be american cheese melted on top marinara tasted more like ketchup eww .
excellent service by drew excellent food and beautiful atmosphere perfect for a night out or a special occasion .
dont bother the food is gross .
i really enjoyed it here great food great service and great ambiance it is a bit loud when crowded but what do you expect i will definitely be back .
only as a last resort no offense e b a s but lets face it youve been around long enough to figure out how to make better pizza .
very good service and great food the staff is good and dont rush you out the door i would recommend to anyone .
waited  for food no interest in coming back asked for what happen said there busy .
excellent food great service atmosphere is beautiful management ensures great service from the second you arrive one of  best .
yuk noise level was very high food was very mediocre most significantly the chair was so uncomfortable i will have to go to a  to get my back  out making my dinner there one of the  ive had since moving here .
food was fantastic  was fantastic the ambience was fantastic a very nice dining experience indeed .
i asked for a cappucino with whole milk it definitely wasnt that the club sandwich was cold i wont be back .
omg best service best food and just seriously everything to the best there is d even fixed a none alcoholic beer for this poor foreign boy d honestly best night of my vacation so far a its a shame not to have gone here .
arrogance stressed staff and an aura of we are too busy to serve you attitude awaits if snobby attitudes are what you are looking for this is definitely the place .
great happy hour great selection of 4 00 bottled beers 7 00 wines and mixed drink specials the calamari is killer at 7 00 as well beautiful inside and friendly staff this is my new go to place .
too much flash not enough substance that was the worst pad thai in a  radius youre lucky i was hungry .
sit at the bar popcorn unbelievable drinks amazing bartenders friendly and the food salad scallops steak all delicious i highly recommend it and i cant wait to go back .
went here for business lunch this place is gimmick and trying to be trendy not worth it .
love this place it is classy without the fake  and  fun atmosphere food was awesome drinks were exceptional service was first class this is our new favorite place .
my wife was more excited about their couples seats that hang from the ceiling on the second floor than their food the food was just ok .
another fantastic lunch this is a must stop by local italian restaurant you cant pass up plenty of space where you dont feel crowded and can have an intimate lunch or dinner .
i really love the atmosphere and ambiance the food was delicious however i did not like the hostess at all not very upbeat but maybe caught them on a bad day will try again .
great great great bring your favorite wine and have a great meal lunch or dinner .
great ambiance but the bartender was pretty much useless if you wanted anything not on her menu of six classics how can you work in a bar that specializes in classic cocktails and not know how to make a sazerac .
i used to go here all of the time because i was a sales rep great food great service great people i loved the specials they offered esp the spinach  so yummy hope to go back soon .
on a sat too crowded the roof deck is the size of my bathroom .
still the best fast food chicken around the sides are pretty good too location was clean and  service was a bit lackluster overall a decent meal for 6 .
noisy noisy noisy and the food was just eh i did not like the lobster orzo and cheese they should stick to the original just an  i dont think id ever go back and wouldnt recommend .
great fried chicken as you would expect from any popeyes spicy lightly battered tender and moist it hits the spot every time i knocked it down a star only because they tend to be busy and the service seems slow .
if youre from out of town come here if youre from philly dont be seen here ever .
i always forget that this place exists but they have one really great pizza ordered a large pepperoni for pickup i recommend .
drinks upstairs is nice esp when its nice out from the outside it doesnt look like a famous restaurant or anything fancy i thought it was a diner but the food is decent but the drinks are pretty bad and overpriced its an interesting decor though .
delish pizza from a rude old man prices are great ignore the  and take your pizza to go .
great food nice atmosphere horrible service .
this place is awesome a large pepperoni pie for 11 seriously you cant find that anywhere and the pizza is good much better than any other place ive tried in bayonne .
i dont recommend you bother over priced drinks terrible think food poisoning bad food on the upside the decor is amazing and the staff are great .
the slices are thin and delicious im partial to the plain but when i feel like getting crazy i may get a white or a chicken francaise order some garlic knots 51 go for broke .
great roof bar but like a lot like the other steven starr restaurants there is little love in the food you pay for the theme .
the brunch here is amazing the omelets with spinach or mushrooms came with amazing french fries the pancakes and the omelets are a must the only problem is only cash but there is an atm at the door the service is nice and fast .
youre serving my grey goose martini in an  glass and charging me 20 for the privilege of being at your rooftop bar please think again continental .
toms is the go to place when you want to have a great huge breakfast toms specializes in all things breakfast but my  has always been towards their fresh fruit pancakes delicious bacon and perfect  .
crowded strange scene and the food was very subpar i left quite confused with no possible reason to ever wish to return .
delivery is off every time but the quality of the food in the restaurant is great best pancakes i have ever had besides mine of course are the lemon ricotta pancakes and the banana walnut ones too so yummy .
not a fan weird scene upside is the roof deck food sucks service blows crowd is lame .
always solid and efficient service its very much a diner not a fancy place just good food made and run by good people .
food is delicious i enjoy eating here but unfortunately they are a  about when they close we wanted to order another bottle of wine and were told that unless we can finish it in 15 min we probably shouldnt get it what restaurant turns away making money .
everything is good especially the sweet potato pancakes with homemade flavored butter along with turkey bacon and scrambled eggs dont forget the hot chocolate with whipped cream oh the portion sizes are plenty so bring a big appetite .
the food is always excellent but they never never honor their reservation time last night we waited 50 minutes beyond our confirmed reservation .
crab cakes florentine with spicy sauce and french fires as your side chocolate pancakes blow your mind everything is amazing .
caution my jacket was stolen right off the coat rack while i was eating at the common table mgmt could have cared less .
lemon ricotta pancakes were to die for had so much food friendly staff pretty  .
went there with a group of 6 on a saturday night had to wait for 1 5 hours for a table so we grabbed a few drinks next door service was great but the food overall was average i got the lamb chops have had better before .
very good cheeseburger fries are great and i like the place .
food was ok and  was rushed as they overbooked i heard the waitress tell the table next to me that they had to be out by 930pm for their next reservation they didnt even order yet lol .
sorry to hear of gus passing i love this place i love being greeted in such a nice and comforting way me and my boyfriend made this place our official go to place for breakfast each year on our bday .
very average food there are better  that this i ordered the pistachio  very plain  like it the 3 dips hated it but the bread was good and shrimp pasta was ok wouldnt come back but the place was nice but too loud .
toms gets packed like no ones business something about the pancakes the brunch here is cheap avoid the scrambled eggs they over fry them the lines are long but the waiters are friendly toms an institution of  .
i have been in nyc for 6 days and this was the only meal that i found unsatisfactory the fish was fishy and had bones and the wait people were pretentious the portions were tiny and mediocre yuk .
come early or you will be waiting in a line that reaches to the outside for breakfast my food was fresh and delish i am not really a fan of diners but i enjoyed my experience here .
its fine only one vegetarian option which wasnt that great im sure the wine was good ill go back for wine only not dinner the decor is pretty sexy though .
they have homemade butter to go with their pancakes strawberry pumpkin cinnamon the cinnamon one was amazing over the pancakes it remind me of  chicken waffle .
last minute stop bagels were ok nothing spectacular service was friendly prices average .
always loved this place the decor is filled with  from past to present the crab cake florentine is to die for i always have a great experience when im here .
rude cashiers when they messed up my order and went back to get it fixed they got it wrong for the second time this time one of the cashiers gave me an attitude  that i must have given the wrong  .
i love the pancakes but i hate the wait ppl are nice and its a good place to go with family members .
the workers are so rude they even charged me for plastic plates they take forever to bring out the food that only tastes mediocre for its price .
the pancakes their selection is absolutely amazing all the food arrives promptly and youre seated relatively quickly the only downside is that it is cash only its also extremely noisy but thats due to the young customer crowd and is no fault of the restaurant .
food is usually good service sucks waited in restaurant at table for a half hour for cheese pizza and was told they lost the ticket but would start then we left .
the food is amazing on point cool resturant and spot for breakfast lunch and dinner yummy .
 .
oh yes my kind of place we got in an sat down right away they service breakfast all day ive had grits and eggs and cornbeef .
i just got  no  if they were open tonight and got charged for an order thinking about filing a police report for fraud stay away .
easily the best diner ive ever been to absolutely delicious fries are magical we had crab cakes florentine and blue cheese burger unbelievably good .
this place has awful service we couldnt get seated for 15 minutes so we left what a waste .
had the cinnamon pancakes with bacon very very good food not the best but very fulfilling the butters are amazing .
bizarre eccentric menu and  service adds up to a subpar dining experience at this gowanus eatery pick jowl or pigeon or pigs  choice is yours either way the wait will be yours too not worth it .
excellent place i go every weekend with my girlfriend for brunch the quality and amount of food is unbelievable and the waiters are really nice .
never consistent except for the pigeon wings how cheap can u be go anywhere else .
the pancakes are really good especially the lemon  one they are fluffy and exactly right the egg benedict however was a let down due to low quality of the ham i would recommend this place any time .
try the  panini roast pork broccoli rabe tasted below average and the  pasta salad is too greasy two stars for the food just order takeout cannot comment about the service .
love the food environment and staff i definitely enjoyed the service i would love it if the venue was larger but that adds to the ambience doesnt accept credit cards .
its like a jersey shore episode in this place weak food over priced and just plain  zucchini cakes were meh and the lamb was over cooked felt like a scene and not a place to get good food why does this place have such a high rating .
i think the hype is kind of  but my friend did most of the heavy  waiting and my mexican omelet tasted good enough still for a somewhat better than average greasy spoon the  on yelp seem  .
average food high prices incompetent service .
this is a little gem of a diner near prospect park quite busy but we quickly got a table i had the pancakes pure heaven accompanied by all those delicious flavored butters it was a nice touch .
wasnt that big of a selection for dinner its either ribs or pork and thats it food was ok but i personally wouldnt be running back anytime soon the place itself was nice but just really not that much on the menu to choose from .
who else serves you cups of coffee and  snaps while youre waiting in line on the weekends nobody thats who 15 years of happy meals with friends at toms and counting dont change .
small portions and overrated id rather get something in chinatown .
delicious food quick service the line was out the door but we were in in less than 10 minutes great breakfast .
this place is ridiculous it is the worst filipino food i ever tasted small plates not worth it overpriced for no reason not authentic filipino food seriously need to  their menu the only good thing about the place is the music .
supreme pancakes i will never look at ihop the same .
not sure what all the hoopla is about had the sisig signature dish and a few others very greasy waiters looked like lost kids who accidentally wandered into a restaurant cute decor though .
nice neighborhood breakfast cafe fabulous pancakes i had the sweet potato pancakes and they were delightful its tucked away in prospect park area and was pretty busy during the weekday i imagine weekends are horribly busy for this neighborhood gem .
the staff made me feel stupid and  enough for their restaurant waiter said he just moved to town i grew up around the corner .
loved the ambience wonderful veggie breakfast highly recommend the home made fries .
  .
the line can be quite long the place was packed but it was worth it today was my first time here but i will definitely be back the staff was very friendly and the food was great i am so glad this was my breakfast choice .
mediocre if you like that sort if thing dont expect to be blown off your feet here just a more expensive applebees good place to bring kids for a quick easy meal .
loved it came over from london for just this kind of experience real american diner with a proper breakfast just dont have a milkshake at seven thirty in the morning felt pretty ill portions are huge thoroughly recommended also very baby friendly .
amazing ambiance and history with so much potential however this bar and restaurant continue to disappoint in food and terribly poor service its great for one drink but thats about it .
this is my first time in ny this place is awesome great prices for a homemade meal its worth waiting in the long  pass out free pancakes and whipped cream strawberries .
had two dinners here one at the bar  salmon good good beer good bartender one outside food was lousy waitress wasnt very attentive .
food good service good atmosphere great price good overall i enjoyed it everyone is new york nice food came quick you will definitely wait during peak hours but they do bring you food coffee etc .
ambiance is great food was poor at best service was just ok .
went again last friday with my hubby i had the fried chicken cutlet with scramble eggs and french fries toms does not play around the cutlet was the size of the plate the food was delicious .
did not like the service took a very long time to get our order taken after 25 minutes had to flag somebody down and once the food came some of the ingredients promised on the menu were missing from the food will not be back .
the only place i ever want to go to breakfast ever again in my neighborhood best pancakes in the free world .
2 5 stars sure its probably a nice spot for a meal earlier into the evening however friday or saturday night is an entirely different story especially on thanksgiving weekend too many people too few bartenders too much broken glass and spilled booze on the floor .
the waiters are so nice even though i feel like one of them hit on me in front of my boyfriend its clean and quite and the food is amazing the hot chocolate was so yummy will go back again .
the food is ok and pricey they use to be better on quality most of all seafood if frozen they do have good coffee .
its a breakfast diner you wait for a table and eat breakfast not anything crazy unique just simple delicious breakfast always a safe bet perfect for those mornings where you just want to eat and not think about where to get some fancy brunch .
we went last night greater not friendly had reservation tried to sit us at bar area very noisy most food ok ravioli light it was in canned sauce never refilled water would not go back again much better  .
there was a line out the door but worth the wait good food and friendly service we were served coffee while waiting outside and cookies with whipped cream it was a nice extra we will definitely go back .
food was delicious .
most home grown place ever everyone is so sweet and they give you treats while waiting in line i have never not stood in line for brunch at this place totally worth it the food is great and priced very reasonably .
cheese in dishes was served cold instead of room temperature soup was watery waitress was rude excellent bread it is a pretty place but the prices are too high even for manhattan desserts look lovely .
delicious and well priced ate the belgian waffle home fries eggs service was excellent only complaint is how small the restaurant is but the line to be seated moved quickly definately a place to check out i plan to eat here again .
worst viennese restaurant in the world soggy wiener schnitzel batter fried in oil tasting of fish meat if it was veal not  thin sachertorte  hotel sacher mixed salad insipid coffee like  .
first time in my life im giving 5 stars to anything that isnt my boyfriend whos tom anyways is he hot .
overpriced mediocre food with a decor thats nowhere near nice enough to make up for it .
what a cool oldschool diner line was out the door but servers brought out little treats to keep us happy while we waited definitely worth the wait but make sure you save enough room for what you order the portions are pretty big .
the room is beautiful the food is mediocre the portions are small the prices are large the upper east side formula for the ladies who lunch cant they at least get some real sausages not some typical pumped full of chemicals supermarket brand .
delicious food fast and friendly service old school feel of brooklyn you have to squeeze yourself in the bench minimal sitting space great place for breakfast .
too foo foo and too  for my taste great for chicks to hang out and have coffee not good for kids or groups just small tables sorry sabarsky the food was good it is close to the park .
simply the best egg  and creamy  and sweet  and salty perfection .
overpriced  food and extremely slow service this is the kind of place you take your  or a penn professor to because you know whos  the bill .
fantastic service in a casual positive environment ricotta pancakes reuben and meatloaf with egg white were all delicious overrated cherrylime ricky and limited parking in the area .
the foodoverpriced and barely edible easily the worst burger i ever had the words pink  come to mind when  the quality of the beef .
good food good customer service and the breakfast is amazing i love to get scramble eggs with bacon home fries and a nice bowl of hot grits next time i dine here ill try another dish this diner is definitely worth coming to and the prices are decent .
10 or was it 20 years back it was one of my favorite restaurant i have not gone back for last five years as the experience was not pleasant tried again just feels dated pricey and food is very ordinary not going again .
what else is there to say opened in 1936 theres a reason it hasnt closed service was surprisingly amazing better than ive had in some of the nicest restaurants in nyc food is exactly what you would expect and priced accordingly definitely recommend .
not sure what all the fuss is about .
danish pancakes still thinking about those danish pancakes their beef sausage is very good too and they make their own flavored butter incredible .
after white dog changed owners i felt the food quality had stayed the same and that the presentation had improved but as time went by i had more and more mediocre to negative experiences there now i only go if someone i know wants to go .
good belgian waffle hot chocolate well balanced not too sweet good atmosphere and well hidden overall good breakfast .
its about location not food stick to the bar menu .
line when we got there but it went fast and they give out samples of food while youre waiting love it service was fantastic and prices were very reasonable dishes are big and can easily be split between two people food was amazing loved it .
i had the lunch special it was some type of chicken salad and cream of asparagus soup honestly the chicken salad was the worst attempt at hiding yesterdays left overs the soup was decent overall a lackluster experience not worth the high price .
great little diner with a great wait staff i asked about their egg cream and next thing i know the waiter brings one over for me to try the eggs benedict were also fantastic .
food and atmosphere was great way back when now its just a shell of what it once was sunrise sunset we have no bananas today .
delicious brunch spot amazing selection of pancakes and delicious savory options get there early to avoid the  long lines however .
cool atmosphere but the food was mediocre .
our daughter brought us here for sunday breakfast and let me tell you the food is  good the pancake dont need any syrup and the corn beef and hash are the bomb if your in brooklyn its worth the visit and the wait .
i want to love it but i just cant the bartender is just lousy and miserable the pub food is ok and the main restaurant has gone down hill buy the cookbook and make the original dishes yourself .
i love this old fashion place i enjoy the good and the customer service the food is great and the menu is out of the world i love the crab cakes .
i respect white dog for what it stands for but the food frankly overrated the space too crowded the service not so great .
best breakfast in brooklyn .
stay away from the veggie sandwich i just think for a town that is so veggie friendly they could do a better job and make at least one decent veggie everything else is good and the creemees are to die for .
love this place so good to their customers there was a long line and they brought us fries and sausage while we were waiting i always get the eggs benedict but i know the pancakes are to die .
this place isnt very good like most pizza in hartford it tasted cheap doughy and soft not much sauce or cheese its like public  pizza .
amazing food amazing services will definitely return .
what a joke service is rude and  though your choices in the area may be few you can do far better seriously go to burger king youll be much happier in life and thats really sad .
toms restaurant established in 1936 about a mile from my birth place i love this place for its  and food if toms doesnt have it youre not  where else can you get a lollipop when you leave one of brooklyns best .
i dont know what happened but clearly new owners or a new chef must have come along because the food is just so mediocre now its truly disappointing .
the egg benedict tasted amazing and the sauce was good too however it would be better if they use the canadian bacon instead of regular ham the french toast tasted alright but the two pieces of ham was not worth it other than that it was delicious .
i dont know what is going on with this place just ordered the  paratha and it smells like rotten meat .
food was awesome quite small for such a busy place .
if youre looking for great authentic indian food here is where youll find it .
best banana walnut pancakes ever no  .
worst customer service ever do not order from them they are inept they delivered my food to some random person without even asking i had to call grubhub twice to  the situation absolute disaster and terrible customer service will never order from them again .
great dinner great price great service the moussaka was amazing the portion was perfect and it came with a side salad the service was unexpectedly friendly for new york .
i really like the food but i would appreciate it if you could put a fan that way doesnt small a humid inside .
amazing 100 worth the wait pancakes are delicious .
folks are not friendly here the portions are big but the food is below basic at least they serve la colombe .
the food was ok but it was too  for me .
ordered on a friday night for delivery took one hour and twenty minutes the delivery person nor the store apologized surprised had ordered multiple pizzas in advance and it was fine very disappointing for this delivery .
cant think of one negative thing to say  this place you just feel warm and tingly inside every time you walk in and if there is ever a wait they will pass out cookies this is a place everyone should go to at least once .
consistently rude were amazingly helpful on a lastminute catering order though so they get 2 stars even then though not a friendly experience at all .
the fries are very crispy w spicy chipotle sauce crab cake florentine was tasty w extra  sauce food is very comforting breakfast is great good servings .
bleh too expensive 3 90 for a pasta slice and did not taste its price probably not going to go there again .
service is friendly and fast good peoplewatching good  creative breakfast options delicious speciality butters served with pancakes pumpkin cinnamon and strawberry nice  good salty sausage and good prices .
overpriced this place serves 3 food for 8 stay away if you have other options .
while the wait can be long on sunday for brunch the food and excellent service more than make up for the wait i highly recommend the pancakes and homemade flavored butter .
i was a stromboli virgin until today i want my  back .
best brunch spot around be prepared to wait if you go on peak hangover recovery time as the place gets super crowded once you get in you will see why they love it go here its worth it .
just ok the desserts tasted a little overprocessed i had a pastrami sandwich and boneless buffalo wings and bread pudding the wings didnt have enough heat the bread pudding was basically oily soggy bread .
maybe the best pancakes in brooklyn and certainly the best  spread around as good as breakfast gets .
good food good wine dmv quality service .
a brooklyn institution the last 70 years popular for a reason everthing ive ever had here is delicious sweet potato pancakes banana walnut pancakes real maple syrup and a range of delicious homemade butters my mouth is literally watering writing this review mmmmm so good go eat there .
very bad place to go owner isnt polite with customer .
eggs benedict is my favorite the food and service is great just expect to be a little uncomfortable in the small chairs but its all worth it the food makes up for it .
we enjoyed dinner but we bought a cake from the outside and they are charging us 20 to just cut the cake i have never heard such a rude thing not cool pio pio management .
best pancakes ever try the lemon ricotta pancakes you wont be sorry .
price is double of what is advertised here the staff or owner is not apologetic about it either its a kind of service that makes you question the entire approach of this restaurant i wont recommend it .
cookies while you wait on line egg cream dessert and more  flowers per square inch only add to toms multiple flavor pancake appeal debate the  vega reference over eggs or waffles but enjoy brooklyn s best diner at the  washington avenue location   .
worst staff in the front desk clearly wont last long unless they start caring for customers more .
i couldnt go a whole week without another toms fix despite rain and a 45 minute wait toms still exceeded expectations while waiting we received coffee orange slices turkey ham delicious and vinegar french fries with chipotle horseradish sauce were decided to become regulars .
food is not that great service isnt too great either seems like they rush you out when they have people waiting had better peruvian food .
the worlds best pancakes 15 varieties an old school diner circa 1936 great food 3 kinds of butter and great vinegar fries if youre in the prospect park area definitely a place to check out a hidden gem .
the food was good but only give little amount for a high price the service is just horrible they make you wait even when you ask for the same like three times and still nothing not coming back .
amazing breakfast you have to try it atleast once very classy old school diner need to go for the pancakes they have every kind of butter very quick and good service .
unbelievably loud .
large menu and portions no reservations or alcohol good times and food .
food was pretty good but together with the horrible service not at all worth the price .
not too much more to add other than the fact that they give you coffee and snacks in line makes the wait  more enjoyable .
went with a group of 17 people for lunch service was horrible took over 90 minutes for meal drinks were not filled very much when the food eventually came it was good the bad service over  the food .
that is right new york style diner they serve best in the area pancakes nice one for breakfast so if you are fan of american food this is right place .
the chicken was soooo dry it was like powder in our mouth do not order the cold potato dish either .
love love love having breakfast here .
food is fabulous but the hosts and the waiters are horrid definitely needs more professionalism for such a known restaurant does not live up to expectation .
decent coffee pancakes i want to sleep inside of wake up to eat my way out perfect homefries fast service the place still stands with charm you can tell its been around for years serving delicious  breakfast to  neighborhood workers and cops .
came here on a whim cause i was hungry i must say happy i stopped here because the food was great .
great service healthy portions and authentic american breakfast and lunch go for the mexican omelette or pancakes and remember to linger over a cup of coffee in a place where people have taken a break from life for almost a century .
went here twice first time was good second time became ill on the seafood dish would not go back again .
loved the waiting  though i did not have any we loved all that we ordered and got great service i just wish they fixed things up a bit and cleaned up a bit more .
be really careful here the waiters will charge you more than what you actually put down on the receipt for tips .
cheap and tasty .
stay away you will be sick .
im kind of torn about this place from a food and service standpoint this place is great the girl i was dating at the time broke up with me shortly thereafter eating here with her so i associate toms as the last supper oh well life goes on .
totally unacceptable celebrating my sisters graduation and weve sat down for 20 minutes and they havent taken our order yet it also took 20 minutes for the waiter to bring us water i didnt even want to rate any stars for this restaurant .
never fails to please and run by very nice and generous people while you are waiting for a table during the brunch rush they serve free coffee  ice water french fries etc excellent breakfastbrunch fare at very fair prices love this place .
ordered a margherita pizza pick up it felt saltier than usual margherita pizza its not omg this is the best pizza ever but i guess this is ok for grab and go wont go there again .
an experience crowded at 10 on a saturday had a good time .
the bread is old and it looked moldy the hygiene of the cutlery and dishes is pretty low the dishes do not even try to resemble italian however the entre course was nice the personnel is friendly but behaves frustrated overall never again .
a legend the lines move quickly and youll be well treated with goodies while you wait these folks really know how to treat their clientele even though they dont really have to given their reputation .
got the veal burger this might have been an ok burger but the cook burned the bun thats all i tasted why wouldnt he just give me a new bun had the pizza here and it was ok at best this was the last try at this place .
delicious like literally everything was delicious may come back tomorrow one star off for only accepting cash .
serves was good but the food was a c at best seasoning was good however the food was dry and could have used more sauce .
pros the pancakes and flavored butters are excellent and the vibe is awesome cons everything else long waits on saturday and sunday to get a table and lets face it this is just diner food people .
what a  curious about  the goat cheese usually try plain first but what the heck no flavor crust not  give me first and last or the usual new haven crowd pizza anytime would not go back .
these were the most amazing pancakes of my life i  of them every single day we were in new york i will savor my picture of them forever lemon ricotta all the way .
8 for 4 tiny cold veal meatballs not given any bread  burger dry and disappointing not going back .
this was the best place i think i have ever eaten at i loved it so much and i loved the location because i lived in prospect heights for years everyone is very nice and the food is great i love you guys .
not a good spot for hanging out at the bar if you are with a group of 5 or more too crowded .
tasted pretty good on the first try my girlfriend wasnt satisfied with the steak because it tasted of too much charcoal the flavor of the meat was overpowered by the taste of the grill my meal on the other hand was great will try again .
the service here is terrible the bartender is incredibly rude and the food is mediocre at best the main bartender yelled at us and was very rude to us because we wanted to pay a check between three credit cards .
onion rings walnut pancakes and a chocolate shake accompanied by genuinely friendly wait staff and truly strange decor couldnt make me happier on a sunday morning when im on the hunt for a decidedly unpretentious brooklyn brunch thank you toms i am still full .
not worth visiting extremely incompetent staff poor service incredibly rude disgusting trashy regulars go elsewhere old news with the emphasis on old .
this breakfast is banging .
been there a couple of times now has decent live music but the place was completely empty maybe 130 was too late but a little surprised how dead things were supposed to be some sort of historic place but was generally unimpressive .
good food long wait .
mediocre bland food nice old building but its not like new york is wanting for those i shouldnt trust a single local opinion over checking yelp i thought as we ate here with a friend but it looks like yelp would have failed us too .
good food really good coffee had the spinach and cheese omelet my friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes my only  is that they brought my friends food out like 10 minutes after mine yeah id probably go back .
had better chicken then this place .
mango pancakes cherrylime ricky eggs over medium beef sausage toast grits and oh steak lol can you tell this is my favorite breakfast spot in all of new york despite the long line when my family comes to visit we go two days in a row .
the ambience here is amazing the setting service is great especially in the warmer days but 34 for two tiny crab cakes is absurd will definitely come back as its a really fun place with beautiful view but only for drinks .
i loved this place so   and fun sure you have to wait on line outside in the freezing cold but they bring you coffee and their sausage amazing which makes the wait well worth it get a milkshake .
all i can say now is this place got bad again if they didnt have such a great bar and outdoor space they would probably go out of business food no longer good just ok prices went up not worth it to me any longer to go  .
my favorite breakfast in all of brooklyn you cannot beat the ten  kinds of huge pancakes for 7 .
this was a serious disappointment drinks were lousy food was expensive and served cold for what they charge for a  i would expect more than 1 piece of 3 crabs go to  in  bay better food and lots of it for the money .
the staff is nice the food is cheap and the decor is rad the food is consistently good although not mindblowing but ill keep coming back because this place always transports me out of ny for a much needed moment two  5 bucks .
you cant eat atmosphere .
get the  2 eggs 2 pancakes 2 bacon banging delicious but with toms either you get it or you dont if you dont thats your fault and nobody elses .
smells like a   first floor only had 2 beers moisture was building up inside their hard liquor bottles .
tom has never fed me anything not good here 1 star for the wait time but 1 star for their samples during the wait .
nothing special about this restaurant the food was tasteless and not filling plus the portions are small and bad quality the only enjoyable thing here was the atmosphere the views and we had a great waiter the setting 4 stars the service 4 stars the food 1 star .
best pancakes eggs are average specialty drinks are exceptional no longer live in the neighborhood but will make the train ride back without food just to get breakfast .
did not live up to the hype it was kind of like an overpriced  ds very overpriced the location was cute but if you are going to eat dont .
fyi the cherry lime  get one free refill per glass and they taste great .
youre paying for the view otherwise not very exciting manhattan drink prices .
stumbled in for a meal while waiting on my car  great old school diner atmosphere got my usual cheese omelet and homefries hard to mess up but few impress food was great will definitely be back .
if you dont want to pay 8 for a hot dog for your child you can walk a block over to  and get one for 50 cents that said if you want the chips and drink too youre looking at 2 25 .
orgasmic breakfast crab cakes and cinnamon and banana pancakes yum .
not just disappointing but really really bad food and it wasnt even a busy night the beer was flat and the crab cakes were like hockey pucks they were 28 and only came with a sad piece of kale on the side .
wow toms is a great restaurant with top quality food fair prices excellent service nothing foodie about it no  or reduction to be seen thank the lord just yummy yummy food try the  pancakes .
bad biz management  wait 2 of 3 floors empty huh policy make diners wait to slow kitchen bad biz to not serve  mgmt 101 keep customers there offer drinks specials and apologize for understaffed kitchen dont send us away bc your  dumb .
well everyone was right the lemon ricotta pancakes were delicious as was the cherry lime ricky everything was decently priced and the service was friendly gotta love classic new york diners .
ridiculously overpriced for totally blah food a  experience fool me once .
holy crap amazing food and very reasonably priced i got the crabcake florentine with a side of beef sausage it was incredible i will absolutely be going back .
two stars because the space is really nice in the evening for sunset but the food was such a  disappointment fried clams and oysters are coated in way too much batter cant even taste the seafood like eating fried dough gross .
this is probably my favorite breakfast place when theres a line they hook you up with plenty of snacks during the wait make you feel like a king then once you get your table the service is solid and the food is amazing .
just awful lousy  food terrible service you need to go to a cooler and get your own water and crazy prices but breathtaking views and nice mini golf go to lobster by the pound or little neck for good seafood or  for great views and service .
this one lives up best breakfast in new york hands down .
if you want to get ripped off and deal with the worst fucking service  then yes come here also why is there still a wait stop coming here .
classic brooklyn this is one of my very favorite brunch spots awesome pancakes and special butters the prices are good and so are the decorations .
ok just get a beer at the bar beautiful view not expensive however i made the mistake to eat here 1 12 hour wait sit down and are told that about a third of the entrees are not available food mediocre and really expensive for what it is .
amazing brunch .
crazy  chick waiter with  and sweater needs to take a fuckin chill pill was yelling at us all night when we just dropped over three grand at their joint in one night would have been a pleasant experience without the tude .
other notable pancake joints have gotten praise press and have their fun marketing  with monthly flavors you know who they and you are sorry but toms still  supreme consistently good they have their style of doing things and it works pancakes omg the freakin pancakes .
the prices are  high so many better seafood spots with reasonable prices no thanks .
this place is the  you get orange slices and cookies before your meal its a historic kind of place dont expect fine dinning just good honest grub .
been here two hours plus havent had a single piece of seafood but the oyster crackers are delicious definitely no stars .
great place to eat they feed you free food while you wait on line and they have  bacon yum the service is outstanding .
love this restaurant but i just had a bad experience trying to book a private party with them this business needs to find someone else to run their private party booking .
if you want comfort food thats tasty and reason toms is the place to go the service is  they even give you slices of oranges as you are waited to be seated in that looong line 5 stars .
i adore fish in claypot with vietnamese caramel sauce nuoc  the version here is not that good the sauce was too salty kind of thin and it was more expensive than the cheap vietnamese places i usually go to .
blueberry walnut mango pancakes never stood a chance  fruit festival in my mouth a must for brunch .
perhaps vietnam was too hyped but i prefer pho ha in south philly .
classic new york diner with an excellent breakfast it was entirely packed with an early crowd prices were very reasonable .
usually love this place especially for take out but they are getting really rude on the phone .
the line was long and the food worth the wait 30 fun minutes outside the place with the chef bringing cookies fruits and coffee awesome .
got dragged back to north third against my will still the worst service in philly super obnoxious female bartenders especially in the back bar and  food skip it and go anywhere else youve been warned .
okay toms i have to admit it was only a first date and im still on the  as to if i should call you back or drop you a text as i know how many other  you have but damn that mexican omelet was delicious .
have not been here in over a year and the special menu was the same .
legendary and almost always as good as the hype the mexican omelet is my goto they are ultra friendly and usually fast though service can be  and inefficient at times bottom line good enough for susanne vega good enough for me .
totally overrated can i get a flashlight so i can read my menu same boring items for years now try somewhere else .
a consistent and classic  .
crap food crap crowd not much to say about this place if you already go somewhere else for pints and food dont stop but if youre familiar with the neighborhood i probably dont have to tell you that .
the snack guy gave us a plate of fries while we waited the whole thing i was ridiculously hungover so this was the best thing to ever happen to me that day at least .
i guess i dont really understand the hype ive had a few dinners and one breakfast here and thought the food was mediocre at best service was ok but i did have an amazing bloody mary .
good food good service everything was prompt and delicious .
im sure this place is great if you go at the right time but i went at 3pm just as brunch was ending and i got what tasted like microwaved food for a high price .
i love this restaurant great food wonderful staff fabulous atmosphere inexpensive only its not open sundays which is my favorite day for brunch .
bread was good but the food is saltier than  personality and thats pretty salty .
best diner ive been to in a while banana walnut pancakes were off the hook recommend to go early after 12 pm line out the door .
this place food wise is extremely mediocre its not worth the money they charge .
i cant wait to go back for the lemon ricotta pancakes damn they are good so fluffy and tasty .
my friend convinced me to go to northern spy there is a line for sunday brunch and i dont understand why the food is marginal and the place is cramped the table next to us is 4 inches away this place is all hype .
delicious clean bright comfortable yummy breakfast all day and its the toms susanne vega wrote the awesome song about thats a plus the only downside no milkshakes great chocolate egg creams though .
if i could give zero stars i would refused to seat me until my friend arrived which i could understand if it were moderately busy however this place is literally empty save for one table of three in a corner really get over yourselves ridiculous .
yummm the wait was a little long but it was worth it we got water coffee orange slices cookies strawberries in whipped creme while we waited in line the food was great get the homefries .
 came here with my girlfriend for the duck fat fries and each plate was met with shoulder  and at least the fries are coming then the fries came and we were left even more disappointed .
haiku to toms by julie k lemon  pork pumpkin pancakes so   my insides bottomless coffee you are my morning glory mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm .
brunch limited menu do not order the pulled chicken sandwich there is nothing that resembles pulled nor chicken it had a terrible  taste like boiled chicken biscuits were quite good though .
its been a while since we ate here but i remember it being very good affordable and the owner was so awesome .
do any of the staff actually want to work here i came here yesterday for brunch and it was an outright frown fest  all around  and slow service and small portions the food was good but turn that frown upside down .
friendliest service ive ever seen in a diner great atmosphere if i lived there id be there every weekend for brunch im sure many people have spoken  about this place i just wanted to add my little comments .
meh not worth the wait better options for the money tried cornbeef hash and pulled chicken sandwich would not go again .
best  in the city i live on the same block as this place and it takes huge amounts of self control to not go down there and get a chocolate egg cream every single day that said go get one youll thank me .
rude host small portions  pricey dont let the hype fool you the food at northern spy food co falls way short from remarkable .
they have a new chipotle sauce delish say hi to gus and his wife  when youre there try the tuna melt im a die hard breakfast fan harvest pancakes with sweet corn and cranberries are tasty but recently made the switch to tuna melts and im hooked .
the dishes all were too fresh in terms of flavor maybe its the  dinner for 2 housemade head cheese watercress salad  risotto long island market fish fettuccine with mushrooms housemade ice cream carrot cake .
this place looks like my grandmothers plus i am in love with the location and the fact that it hasnt been laid  to by the painfully hip everyone there is just looking for some goooood breakfast man and thats what matters .
this place is kinda dead not really worth checking out the drinks are pretty cheap and the dj seemed to be pretty good there was just not much of a crowd here when i went during a friday night .
guilty pleasure .
still the same tired place owners have  the prices and djs play the same music every night not worth it .
great pancakes .
its not your typical new york style pizza theres less cheese and more unusual things are  with youll get a 2 inch tall monster of a slice so dont order 2 imagine if  made pizza .
i like this place they serve you cookies and oranges while you wait for a seat their breakfasts are good and the pancakes are even better so what if the tables are really close together who can say no to an oldfashioned type establishment .
 when did it become ok for people to not wear gloves when handling food definitely not cool and i wont be coming here again .
fantastic we just went for the first time the decor is great the service is great food is good very nice experience .
hot slices cold service not worth the price but not bad for where it is .
its really sad that people dont have time for breakfast anymore but if you do please do yourself a favor and stop by toms they serve those really great big traditional breakfasts itll make you start eating real breakfasts again .
my wife and i went last saturday evening were seated next to a large noisy obnoxious party totally spoiled the dining experience our waiter nor the manager were able to help to quiet this crowd and were not  in moving our table until i had to complain .
i order from here often usually get the  choice subs theyre pretty good and big the nachos are also good the mozzarella sticks and curly fries are a must have .
the atmosphere is nice however the waitress was annoying pushing us to buy more and more the sizes of the plates were ridiculously small and offensive they were so small that make feel sad additionally it was fatty and oily so why such a high price .
when i dont have lunch i go to this place and they have excellent costumer service they are all very friendly and i love their specials and i really like their chicken empanadas .
really really not outstanding im not sure what philly mag got all worked up about a highlight was the  food took forever to arrive octopus primi did not even rival dmitris save your cash .
i enjoy their food and especially their smoothies those are delicious the staff is also friendly .
i was going to try this place out but the guy in the pix with no gloves on holding a chili dog said hot dogs dont taste as good wit gloves on so ill pass  .
definitely some of the best cuban food ive had i love their croquettes especially the cheese one also the saturday special ox tail is super delicious the regular ropa vieja and roast pork are also really yummy the staff is really friendly and we received great service .
dont ask for more tzatziki sauce it will cost you 1 50 quality and quantity of food have sadly gone down hill there are plenty of other good diners to choose from where you wont be  for any extras .
i love this place its authentic cuban food and fairly priced .
smells good when you walk in pretty much a normal dennys type diner but the food was kinda gross and the service wasnt great .
great service good prices great food my fav is the cuban sandwhich and the ropa vieja yummmmyyy .
quick take overrated try to go for dinner and order breakfast items that way you wont have to stand in line for 23 hours good luck .
the beauty of a sales life on the road you find little gems like this along the way authentic and delicious cuban food inexpensive as well enjoy .
waited one hour and half on a saturday not worth it at all pancake was soggy omelette was bland like many other yelpers who came here because of its popularity on yelp i would not recommend it at all .
got to hand it to this place tasty affordable food with great service i feel like my grandma is working the kitchen empanadas are solid and only a buck papas  at 1 50 cant beat this place no need to go into newark to get caribbean cuisine .
would not recommend this place 23 hour wait took my phone number and never received a text or call as they stated plenty of tables were open in the restaurant process for seating people seemed very inefficient .
so good love this place great non pretentious down to  cafeteria cuban food .
honestly the food is good but its not the best i feel this place is a bit too commercial for the neighborhood just a tip get there early for the line .
much better than expected the juices are simply amazing .
bad service  20 tip high prices charge extra for sauces not impressed really the waiter was rude probably because he thought  get his tip anyway he didnt .
love the cuban food the service and the prices .
its a pretty good pancake place but its one of the try once but never ever go again i dont think any pancake is worth a 1 12 2 hour wait .
the best cuban restaurant in kearny hands down loving all these new local places fridays they have  my  .
i wonder how they got a 4 star review extra 2 dollar for additional syrup are you kidding me the food is nothing special not worth the 2hour wait they asked you to wait while there are empty seats .
very good food they make you feel at home .
tourist trap .
excellent food prices are low everyone is very friendly i can eat from there everyday .
sorry i am not able to rate the food it may be very good but i am not willing to wait for two hours just for some breakfast on top of that with a very stressed and unfriendly waitress no thanks .
stumbled into this restaurant with my family while  the streets on a nice evening very friendly very professional very good service and we all have a great meal .
food is overpriced for what you get i mean its pancakes folks ihop does better pancakes for alot less and you dont have to be squeezed into a tiny table and wait 2 hours avoid .
omg to be far away from home and to find the place that made us feel at home and welcomed generous cocktails fabulous appetizers dinner still to come .
overrated im sure theyre a pioneer in the brunch scene but great brunch places are popping up all over manhattan now so theres no reason to wait the ridiculous  for a table here .
being an out of towner i was quite pleased with the atmosphere and the drinks if i had to pick something bad id say the service could be a little better overall though its a great place for a drink and meeting up with friends .
sunday  am nobody answered the phone pick up the phone .
great places for dinner and drinks the short ribs are fantastic and so is the caesar salad .
just a very hyped restaurant the pancakes were okay but nothing more i would not recommend waiting in line for this place in my personal opinion the food and service of schillers restaurant around the corner was superior .
a great place for friday afterwork drinks and dinner one of the best in the city .
i wish i could give this place zero stars everything is great like really but the hostess was just too mean last sunday seriously im not at some random truck around the corner and i expect more professional people oh and with better  qualities as well .
came here with a group of colleagues nice selection of wine beer and specialty cocktails i had the steak medium rare it was cooked exactly the way i liked and well seasoned i would come back next time im in town .
nothing tastes worse than bad service and  blueberry pancakes were good but i cant say for sure because the attitudes of the servers  indigestion .
chill bar in center city definitely worth stopping by for a drink or two food is yummy as well .
cornerstone nearby is a much better choice better cheaper faster and the nicest people dont waste your time waiting here check them out on yelp .
best fresh food excellent cocktails i can truly relax laugh and be myself here .
did i miss the pancake boat i dont get it the pancakes are fine but nothing to write home about even instagram couldnt make them look tastier than they are .
scallops are really nice the veggies are also very good the waiter was relaxed and funny very nice experience .
ive been here twice the first time a few years ago and the later recently i didnt consider the pancakes to be necessarily fluffy or all that tasty i really didnt care for the butter maple syrup which was like lard this place has a lot of tourists .
love love love it here thats all no big lines or 45 minute drink orders best food and great atmosphere perfect for dinner and some drinks and great conversation every time we go here we make new friends .
over rated over priced 100 bucks for 3 pancakes and 3 shakes crazy .
one of my favorite gay bar in the city great place for happy hour lunch brunch and dinner the staff are wonderful and the drinks are strong a great meeting place to get a cocktail or two before heading to the other great barsclubs in the city .
eh its an over priced ihop pretty standard and seating is packed like sardines .
flatbreads sausage ones with  and asparagus with lobster meat mac and cheese with bleu cheese how yummy it was the decor was quite warm and inviting and service was excellent what a great find in philly .
very long wait for very ordinary brunch the girl who gave people tables was extremely rude i would never recommend this place but if you go the only ok dish is the egg benedict .
i really love this place in the gayborhood its elegant and has charm the food is good and there wine list great it can be pricey so i used my credit card but well worth it during the warm nights you can sit out side .
long wait to get a table longer wait to get your food nothing too impressive i dont know what all the hype is about this place the tables are really cramped not an enjoyable place to eat breakfast lunch or brunch .
in the back this place has perhaps what is the greatest piano lounge in the entire tri state area and yelps description doesnt even mention it they run it each friday and saturday evening .
overrated i have tried the pancakes and i have definitely had better the line is not worth the food go somewhere else .
i loved knock the atmosphere was upscale and fun and the food was very good will definitely return on my next visit to philadelphia .
what the hell how is this place worth a two hour wait is beyond me dont get me wrong the food is decent but nothing spectacular definitely not worth waiting two hours i think its sketchy that its a cash only business too .
nice attentive staff complimented by good food the salads and soups are  and the flatbreads are delicious .
warning this is not a glutenfree restaurant my family and i went a long way to get to this place as my son has  we arrived only to find a 2hour wait and they do not offer a glutenfree menu pancakes etc .
i thought i walked into a restaurant but i think i really walked into a gay bar that served pretty damn good food and stiff drinks who cares about the label it was a great meal with a bonus  after i ordered sliders all beef well done .
not gluten free although it comes up when i google gluten free pancakes that being said its overpriced and completely ordinary except for the extraordinarily long wait dont bother .
food is good can be a very loud place in a friday night drinks tend to have a lot of liquor asked for a rum and coke tasted like they forgot the coke .
oh word its only an hour and a half wait at 10am to sit elbow to elbow in your establishment and have 15 eggs get outta here .
the atmosphere is comfortable but a bit  but who cares for the price and freshness of the food this place cant be beat huge portions of delicious food for under 10 one of the servers usually speaks english .
overrated  were really dry and hard pancakes were blah seriously the diner in edison nj serves better breakfast than this joint .
great food for a cheap price rice and food is always fresh cheap and the waitresses are nice you can grab a beer or alcoholic drink their pernil is alway on point their chicken is a little greasy but still delicious .
okay but not worth waiting for 1 5 hour i cannot believe it is the mostly reviewed brunch spot in manhattan on yelp i would recommend  west or balthazar instead for the quality and the taste .
great dogs great fries great prices .
after a 30 minute subway ordeal ah nothing better than nyc in the summer we arrive ready to eat a delish breakfast i order the famous pancakes while my coworker gets eggs benny while good it wasnt spectacular whats with all the fuss nyc .
seriously underdogs 9pm why cant you be open all the time lol i want a buffalo gal .
the food is good but it is way too crowded and the service is terrible it really gets in the way of enjoying yourself here .
this place is great i love hotdogs and no place better than here to expand your  on gourmet toppings .
no pancake is worth a 3 hour wait .
yummmy gourmet hot dogs amazing fries with a bunch of different unique dipping sauces .
nothing spectacular the pancakes were pancakes and the biscuits were biscuits i guess its the expectations that ruined it for me but honestly i could have those pancakes anywhere else the place is too small and there is nowhere to wait around overall it is overrated .
it doesnt even matter if you like hot dogs you will love hot dogs after eating here also best fries in the city well i have to go but its been really nice talking to you .
service good ambiance good food ok stopped for desert my girl told me it was great place  cake was not impressive and the scone was dry but they are famous for their pancakes so i will go back to try that and will review this review haha .
if you like specialty hot dogs or just want a hotdog this is the place to come with its variety and fry dipping sauces you cant go wrong .
i just dont really understand the food was fine but it wasnt spectacular in this most spectacular of brunches city why is the line so long why is the service so slow .
cant beat the fries with aioli mayo really good hot dogs too .
total joke i get off laughing at anyone who would line up to eat eggs and pancakes seriously this food is average maybe theres no alternatives nearby but that doesnt mean the food is so great its not  one more reason the les is lame .
this was the single best hot dog of my entire life before i finished it i called my parents to rave about its deliciousness this was honestly the best decision ive ever made i am thinking about going back for a dinner hot dog .
this place never  to amaze me the food is bland yet the crowds keep queueing for hours on end go during the week at 3pm its much easier to get in and you can actually get that this place is hyped up .
 the bun was the best part i kept  to my friend on how flaky buttery and crispy it was oh and the  itself was great .
last stop on my pizza crawl around city the show behind the counter was far superior to the slice i had not worth a return trip .
best selection of dogs great funky atmosphere reminds me of  back home only they do burgers they have gluten free buns which is great fries are hand cut and the sauces garlic  was todiefor .
normal pizza place  special except the celeb images on the  a  square had eight small pepperonis on it .
great cheap place to get something different 23 different dogs and great hand cut fries .
usually i love this place but the pizza this last time i went was so greasy and gross the guy who i think owns the place was also really rude nothing special bleecker street pizza is way better .
great place for awesome dogs with a twist more like an upscale dog shop plus the fries and dipping sauces are excellent .
well its ok pizza and price 2 slices 1 soda for 9 ill not go back there .
hot dogs vegetarian coney classic vegetarian california  vegetarian my thai dipping sauces chipotle mayo garlic aioli horseradish mustard cash only byob order a combo eat everything remember to say vegetarian if youre into that .
worst service ever and both times we went there someone ended up getting sick portuguese place i think not needs real managers and way better quality of food .
every dog ive had here has been amazing a must for everyone dont miss this hidden gem .
i ordered the seafood paella and it was salty big portion of food gone to waste .
huge array of hot dogs and all delicious the fries are plentiful and that perfect balance of  be sure to try their  worth the extra 25 cents .
this place has the worst food the only good thing about this place is the music and sangria .
huge variety of delicious gourmet hot dogs to try in addition to their huge variety of dogs they also have gourmet cookies and probably the best fries ive hard highly recommended its also awesome that theyre usually open until 4 am on weekends .
food is okay at most pretty pricey buffet too you will wait to be  even though the place is empty .
my husband ate here recently and loved it the hand cut fries are divine and come with loads of cool flavored mayo options he got the equivalent of an irish  breakfast on a bun must be tried .
i wasnt really impressed by essex grand buffet i dont expect to be wowed by anything at a buffet but i expect to at least find some decent stuff everything i tried ranged from mediocre sushi to pretty bad egg roll there are better buffet experiences out there .
i moved to philly a few months ago and this is by far one of my favorite places to eat at enough said if youre a local and you arent doing the wall of fame challenge you are stupid i love you underdogs .
it is what it is chinese buffet for americans its good value for your money but im afraid thats all i can say about it .
there are dozens of combinations of hot dogs you can get here spicy mediterranean mexican texan i cant even remember the types i just remember having a full stomach and delicious  less than 10 .
weird tasting food and a waitress who acted like she really didnt want to be there sassafras was much better in my opinion .
i really like this place the fires are awesome and both dogs ive tried have been fantastic .
the worst bar food ive ever had but the waitress was nice the atmosphere is cool the food dont eat it .
a for the  a good place to grab a cheap fast and delicious bite in the  neighborhood the huge menu definitely has something for everyone ill be back to try out the other combos bonus star for staying open til 4am during the wknd .
we were promised a reservation only to be turned away saying reservations were not on weekends not recommended .
i ordered 2 different veggie dogs and fries tonight and they were all great and delivered in 15 min .
the food is excellent but my party was here on a saturday night and we had to wait at least 20 minute for service after we were seated before anyone came by to take our order unacceptable .
love it .
got the grilled cheese last saturday thrown together poorly made wilted garnish skimpy ingredients and wont be back lots of hype but lacking sorry .
ive had the texas tommy and the chili dog whatever its called on the menu great dogs cheap prices theyre open late as well i stop here all the time on my walk back to the train .
burger  seriously    .
all their various hotdogs have a vegetarian   and delicious .
just ok you are better off to walk 15 seconds to another place nothing great .
great variety of hotdog sandwiches with yummy toppings and sides great stop for an after party bite .
meat quality just ok tasted better over rated try johns a roast pork no bob or beer served either .
ive only had their texas tommy and the  packed i do like the fries and they give you a ton of greasy fries in a bag plus a variety of sauces i definitely want to come back here and try all the dogs on their menu .
great cheesesteak lousy service miss attitude behind the reg needs a new job wont return because of her unfriendly manners yelling and slamming food sat with my wife and another couple from  sunday  3 1 pm .
i wasnt sure how a thai hotdog with green papaya and peanut sauce would taste but it was pretty good the dog was good quality  place is perfect for a latenight snack .
i thought the cheesesteak was great however i waited over 45 minutes in line and there were probably only 10 people in front of me personally i dont think it was worth the wait .
they use   as veggie dogs here which scores big points with me as a vegan theyre pretty fairly priced for what you get i got the chicago style dog and loved it ill be going back soon theyre also open til 4am on weekends .
i heard about this famous cheese steak and was disappointed the service is good but cheesesteak is not great the fact they cooked the meat without oil takes away the flavor of the cheesesteak i taste even better cheesesteak in ny go to jims steak it is better .
just ate here definitely going to be going back .
we stopped in this famous place to try a philly cheesesteak it was dry and  omg i was so disappointed .
i love the rice with chicken .
horrible service wont listen to a simple order doesnt care when they make a mistake .
friendly great service delicious reasonably priced food delicious chicken inside was a bit dated but it just added to the overall experience .
so disappointed ive heard great things about this place but they failed to deliver horrible customer service the environment was dirty as were the staff the food was ok never going back .
ate here this afternoon had eaten in the hartford site but found this to be a real treat ceviche mixto was fresh and delicious and the chaufa de  was super and enormous great service nice people read review at  blogspot com .
sorry not impressed this place might have been good in the day i had 4 cheesesteaks in 4 days while in philly and this was the lowest grade product in town .
i love this place im a vegetarian and the food is fresh and cooked perfectly my only complaint they dont take credit cards it does limit the number of times i come in but if they took credit cards id definitely be in more often .
couldnt even see the cheez whiz on my husbands cheesesteak pretty sure we both got food poisoning later that night .
real deal alert husband wife owned and operated husband in back wife in front the chef is a master of his craft and the service is haphazardly charming will definitely be back .
food is nothing special steaks are expensive and staff was totally rude not going back here .
this place serves very authentic taiwanese food i ordered sauteed water spinach with beef in taiwanese sa cha sauce and it was amazing the vegetable dumplings were just the way my  would make it i would highly recommend this place .
run of the mill cheesesteaks .
very impressed by the authenticity of their taiwanese food  soup stinky tofu and fried chinese donuts are spot on cash only and waiting time is a little bit long its worth for the wait .
 on a sunday night so not too many dining options had passed by sonnys before and thought id give it a try small expensive sandwich with tough  chewy meat unless faced with no other option i cant see returning .
authentic taiwan food .
is not as good as i it advertise .
probably the best chinese restaurant in the area their food is wonderful only drawback is the lack of atmosphere if they could upgrade that id give them 5 stars .
unfortunately i was overall disappointed with my experience here the food was below mediocre the soup specials were bland and served at room temperature the decor of the restaurant is far superior to the kitchens product i definitely expected more .
good food and nice place recommend will definitely go again .
although the ambiance is cute the food and drinks were extremely underwhelming and the service wasnt great either i had high hopes for the gnocchi but it was very heavy and  .
awesome taiwanese food in orange my wife and i were so glad to find this place it is a family run business the lady was very sweet and friendly food was tasty and authentic we will be back often .
its a popular place thats about it food was below average like other reviews the best part of the meal was the cold cuts platter which they dont make will not be back .
ideal place for breakfast leave your gluten fee calorie counting friends at home cause this is a diner in the  sense of the word omlettes and egg combos are never disappointing .
awful food actually i have had better pasta on an airplane cramped and snotty  avoid .
great breakfast huge portions best in north haven .
love the food here but some of the waiters treat you very cold did not like the service is like the moment you get here they look at you like if you are bothering them .
chuck the fast food and get into shape ive lost 30 lbs eating better at this place for lunch everyday i cant believe eating healthy can taste this good try them out .
ugh .
try the protein brownie it is amazing make sure you have milk with it .
my friend and i saw this restaurant with 4 stars on yelp so we went here but only found the food is disappointing only the eggplant dish is good all the others salmon  is about average at most .
little disappointed lately buffalo chicken salad is always decent can be mild or super hot though very let down by the greek wrap all lettuce skimpy amount of chicken and barley any cheese or sauce would go back just not for a wrap .
quite disappointing a very very noisy place with mediocre service appetizers were good the entrees were overdone and not tasty and pricey for what we experienced wont go back and wont recommend there are many other delicious places to eat .
great food simple healthy and tastes great fast service friendly staff .
food was great and our waitress was really nice however two words food poisoning later on that night i ended up getting really sick as did my boyfriend the following morning dont plan on going back anytime soon .
i absolutely love this place it gives you a healthy option for anything that youre craving from pancakes to burgers also for the price you get a lot of food the wraps are literally bursting the protein shakes are delicious and huge too try the nutty professor .
 looking interior nice garden brunch was rich although a little expected and uninspired .
4 star for the ahi tuna wrap it is the best the place is pretty expensive but the tuna is worth it .
i wasnt impressed at all everything i tried was just average or not good sundried tomato bruschetta this was probably the best thing i tried wild mushrooms bruschetta pretty bland ricotta gnocchi carbs in creamy sauce not worth the calories .
great idea to keep people eating better and healthy .
wine only review beware dark intimate atmosphere decent wine list which is a generous statement the staff could take some  from those who actually know how to serve in the um service industry i wont be back .
outstanding wraps huge real health food not pretend wanna be like fuel homemade quality taste dont be put off by the prices as they do reflect the food quality of this establishment .
been wanting to try this place for a while the black truffle gnocchi was not chewy the way i like it too soft flavor was just okay the veal pappardelle was good not incredible good service the ambiance was the best part of this place .
i now live in california and i wish we had a place that served healthy yummy food like this there .
ordered lamb i love lamb and usually finish it all but not this one food was not good at all my friend ordered pasta also not good at all disappointing .
food was awesome good atmosphere and loved the honey crust pizza highly recommend the bbq pizza a must check out .
pizza was good at the first time i went there the second time i felt like i was eating a cardboard they burned my pizza .
friendly unpretentious staff delicious food and drinks nothing was too spicy or bland cant wait to go again and try different entrees .
i will be dining here in a few days so as i was looking at the menu and salivating i wonder what kind of wine bar doesnt post their wine menu online .
its been several years since i have been here hopefully it wont be that long again went during restaurant week and everything was so good its a small space so be sure to make a reservation .
our waiter was a big jerk so we got up and left i will never ever go there again .
yummy  really yummy dessert flan de  went there for lunch on a sunday tiny place very popular because of the good food be sure to reserve a table ahead of time only downside high prices for all items will be back for more .
liked good service the host and waiter were great meat stuffed olives pork sausage wish were different porchetta tasted like turkey from the walmart deli food service was pretty slow .
fast and good savory food tell me how to make those rice and beans if only the coke werent actually pepsi .
come on this is not a japanese restaurant or a sushi bar its just a normal fast food with some japanese style name if you come here to find some sashimi you will really disappointed i hate california roll .
great family restaurant authentic cuban food a the guy mike that runs the place is very friendly along with the rest of the staff super professional very good food i highly recommend the oxtail its amazing i couldnt ask for more .
the sushi is average i liked the dragon roll their burgers are utter  brgr is better .
bravo .
this is like the chipotle of japanese food edible but not worth going back for .
omg the drinks were amazing and the food was  yes i had the cuban sandwich with   yummy the lunch menus is great and they also make the best mojitos .
food is served pretty quickly but is all lower than expected quality and the portions are small .
food was amazing my hubby and i both got great vegetarian dishes and there were more to choose from yet the yuca fries were also great cant wait to go back make a reservation as this place is very small the service was okay .
omg horrible this place is fake and not for anyone who is somewhat fussy about food i had beef bowl but this is not what you call a beef bowl never going back if you want fast food go to five guys .
loved it  frites were a great twist on french fries atmosphere is small and cozy and friendly great selection of drinks and some really nice authentic cuban dishes we will be back .
how do you make chicken taste gamey fail total disappointment with rice bowl .
food and drinks are both excellent but a tad overpriced ambience is good and no wait for dinner during week nights .
came here to order the beef bowl it was 10 75 and was 95 rice and vegetables the meal was so greasy there was literally a layer of oil at the bottom i was not impressed and will not order from here again .
nice small place very friendly staff and food was excellent would definitely return .
the mcdonalds version of japanese food .
fell in love with the place its nice and cozy the food is out standing and im latin so i would know about latin food went their for brunch also very very good my favorite place .
dont get wrong idea this is not really a korean food eatery the chicken  i got is good but tasted just like teriyaki chicken not spicy korean food .
tiny restaurant make sure to make a reservation for dinner they have delicious cocktails and  ropa vieja the interior and decorations are unique and tell the story of the owner and his family there is also a soul de cuba in hawaii .
the food at kobeyaki was very ordinary it is an ok option in the area given that many of the other places to eat are fast food establishments .
bomb cuban food i had an appointment nearby and stopped for lunch based on the high yelp reviews i wasnt disappointed i tried their cuban soul sandwich and it was awesome looking forward to going back my only complaint is prices are a bit on the high side .
very small and you share a table with others good burger .
one of the best places for cuban sandwiches .
the service was great the food was ok .
soul de cuba has been one of my favorites for years now i highly reccommend everything as i have probably tried it all do not leave without having a sangria or mojito period .
an utter disappointment four great bands i know were scheduled to play there and management cancelled on them an hour before doors opened with no explanation whats worse than a music venue that doesnt treat  appropriately nothing .
my favorite spot in new haven try the pan con pescado daily before 5pm and the sangria is absolutely the best in the city its the founders grandfathers recipe and it is perfection great energy in this place too .
place sucks big time took over an hour to get simple wings and fries you dont want to go here never again ever .
great mojitos and yuca fries the place is small so you should definitely call ahead the kitchen is also tiny so it takes a while for the food but its well worth the wait .
dirty loud sticky floors crappy rundown venue if thats your thing more power to you i cant stand the place .
this place is cute i went here long time ago like 6 years ago i had chicken with rice and it was actually very good their drinks were nice i liked the atmosphere the most .
the place is average the food and service was nothing exceptional especially if you factor in the prices i live close by and my buddy and i went there one night to try the place the ambience is good the food is average .
small restaurant but excellent food and good prices .
awful service and really really really slow for take out plan to pick your food up 45 minutes or more after youve ordered i recommend finding somewhere else to pick up food from unless you dont mind waiting a long time .
first time here and i have to say the food was delicious had bistec and it was cooked and seasoned just right made me go back in time to my moms cooking we will be a back for sure .
i hate to disagree with so many fellow yelpers but this joint is over rated the food is subpar the service only soso the atmosphere unimpressive except for the courtyard the courtyard is lovely if you bring your own food its a wonderful place to dine .
i rarely have cuban food but i like the food here a little pricey for two people we had one appetizer and two main dishes that cost  something but the service is good their coffee is good too .
for food fantastic i would have given it 5 stars until you see the jerk they call the owner so inappropriate with people and staff its sad how miserable he is if ever this place fails it will be because of him .
a really great venue  superb food it really feels like havana long ago before  took over the staff is very friendly and give a 100 effort .
the popularity of this place  me i feel like its one of those places people feel like they are supposed to love and overlook the crap food and annoying ambiance a hundred other better places in the area .
quaint place good service extremely authentic went for lunch and tried the sandwiches chicken was awesome and perfectly breaded salad dressing a little sweet prices are otherwise a bit pricey i will be back for dinner though really wanna try some of their dinner entrees .
come prepared with a  and ear  .
great little place good atmosphere but it is definitely a tight fit on a weekend night so reservations are best good authentic dishes with a mix of their own stuff great mojitos and margarhitas too .
totally overrated so many people when they hear we live in montclair ask about this place so disappointing the food and service are really lacking there are so many better places in this town that i would highly encourage you to pass .
everything here is great awesome environment and very attentive staff reservations suggested for groups andor weekend evenings .
was there for my friends birthday long ass wait the food was so mediocre had the chicken con mango no flavor the rice was horrible the cook doesnt believe in salt i think never again .
good bar better than average food .
def hyped up super disorganized food is not fresh and everyone is  of eachother first and last time .
yummy .
beans had very little flavor ropa vieja was too salty service was slow churrasco tasted burnt may be the grill wasnt cleaned off .
amazing food the wait staff is always friendly and there when you need them kind of small though felt like i was on a double date with the table next to me .
did not care for it overrated and service subpar the manager is a true jackass has absolutely no concept of customer service .
went for brunch and loved it a little pricy maybe but overall worth it drinks were good and lots of veggie potions .
worst food worst staff overpriced crap .
pretty good a little expensive for what it is but huge portions and delicious food .
its loud and kind if uncomfortable the staff didnt come around enough for us to enjoy dinner the sangria tasted like a disgusting fruit juice so we walked to the liquor store bought wine and added to it overall not such a pleasant experience .
large portions friendly service pleasant ambience the tapas sampler is full of cold meats though .
food was delicious and fairly inexpensive thats great as youll need the for hearing  as the music is deafening because of that i would not come back and youll find an average wait of 30 mins with all the options in montclair why would i bother .
oh man love this restaurant they have amazing flan amazing bread pudding amazing dishes their alcoholic beverages are also fairly nice i might have gotten a rum punch or sangria sometimes i just come for a slice of their exquisite flan .
you know its bad when you order and your food comes out 3 minutes later this place is like  actually i have had better food there .
sangria is fruity and just right calamari is soft and crispy try the sampler maybe good for 34 people huge portions lunch sandwiches are tasty make sure to call ahead for reservations because small space and gets crowded .
cuban petes has lost its edge .
great food at a decent price they put their own spin on a variety of classic cuban dishes .
only a few cars in lot plenty of open tables and were offered a seat at the bar really stopped by once before and thought the place was pretentious now im sure i wont return and  they wont be here for long anyway .
this is one of new havens treasures small yet cozy food is great prices are good and you never leave hungry their shredded pork is my favorite not a big fan of ropa vieja .
they have half price rolls when they first opened their hand rolls were really nice as time passes theyre getting smaller and smaller i understand theyre running a special but not good to be inconsistent especially if youre trying to get customers .
loml and i both had sandwiches she ordered pollo  chicken breast and i went with pan con pescado tilapia both perfectly prepared with unique tastes and an interesting side salad fast and friendly service in a pleasant atmosphere cant wait to go back finally something different .
the  has  dont go here looking for treasures your will only find crap this place is bad there are many many places in ironbound i live here and this isnt one of them .
thumbs up meal was very flavorful and good portions for the price better than nyc cuban places with good price friendly staff a plus .
this portuguese restaurant was pretty forgettable the paella was meh with the service to match wont be going again .
excellent cubano sandwiches excellent salad  was very fresh service was a little weak when it came to refills for beverages glasses were  empty and we were left waiting for a several minutes all in all food was outstanding cute and very clean resturant .
just dont waste your time went there with my boyfriend for our anniversary dinner as we waited for our entrees a mouse ran by my feet and into the wall behind me enough said waiter was nice place was in need of a major renovation .
i love this place excellent service and atmosphere vegetarianvegan friendly they have a mojo tofu dish that is amazing and if you dont want that they will happily recommend other veg options i highly recommend this place .
generally sad made for an  customer greasy chips nondescript salsa a cut about taco bell seriously the place needs help in the kitchen .
ceviche as excellent and cuba  was better then i could have made myself .
not spicy i would prefer taco bell to this .
love this place only cuban food in new haven doesnt compare to that in miami but this will fill my cravings .
bought the chicken caesar salad today it was a big salad but it was super salty not sure if its the dressing that i got with it ceasar or what but wow i can feel my blood  going up as i write this lol .
first time here and the food was wonderful lechon asado excellent mojitos almost as good as mine service was mixed manager was terrific wait service could be better all four meals were nicely done place is very small so reservations are necessary enjoy .
location is not very good but parking with valet is good option i had the caribbean ribeye which is large at  but it was tough and not that tasty service was pretty slow salad bar was barely adequate the valet guy was pretty good though .
had the cuban sandwich today and it was wonderful the bread was perfectly light and crispy the inner ingredients very fresh love the pickle also had the tres leches cake for dessert excellent .
meh the service sucks and the food is nothing special .
i want a  test to make sure this place isnt my babys  .
servers and manager needs to take a course on hospitality .
the positive reviews are spot on easily one of the top 3 restaurants in new haven dont forget to make a reservation .
so far we have waited  minutes for our food but they took money off meal for the  the food was ok im sure you can find better seafood than just ok somewhere else .
ok so dont let the last reviewer  you this is an awesome restaurant she obviously doesnt know good food since she liked claires .
service so so food over cooked and dry nothing was good .
cute spot great cuban food the restaurant is tiny though which could make it uncomfortable if youre on a date and want privacy otherwise its great for a  with a friend over dinner and drinks highly recommend it for the food .
the food isnt as good as it used to be put waaaay too much pepper in the fries .
first got to order the fried zucchini sticks there terrific great thin pizza and home cooked entrees just love going here just wish there was more parking .
they have a good beer selection here but i was not too impressed with the food i ordered the  sandwich it was kind of pedestrian .
very small place with limited parking but great menu with excellent pizzas and italian fare made from fresh ingredients .
food was greasy and not very flavorful i had the portabello sandwich and my gf had a burger which she thought wasnt very flavorful either plenty of beer people were very friendly .
hard to find parking sometimes but the food is good get the tomato pie and a few rounds of beer and you will be satisfied take out orders are a pain though it is best to try to eat here .
its okay decent burgers and nachos and foods of that sort in the summer but nothing special over priced average fancy food in winter the outside area could use lots of new furniture and the bar outside is nasty .
weve been going here for years and feels like home everytime nothing fancy inside can probably use some  but food and beers are great especially for such a casual place wings are some of the best around and pizza delish .
service is terrible and the food is bland the pub needs a serious makeover and the acts that they have there sound awful .
we tried this place on a whim it is awesome cheese steaks are one of the best around chicken parmesan was very good and the pizza was the best ive had in a long time service was wonderful even though the place was crowded .
the food is ok if you eat in the dining room the atmosphere is quiet and boring they are overpriced and their service is terrible .
best place in town and familyowned love that .
didnt enjoy the food much i really wanted to try some game meat but in the form of sausages they all tasted the same .
sometimes its a little crazy in here but the food is always good .
i can only echo the others this place is boring and serves mediocre food it is also expensive three major negatives .
food is great can get a bit loud and takes awhile for food to come however the bar pies are fantastic we will be back .
good food but overpriced and overhyped .
one of my favorite places around bar pies for something like 3 50 during happy hour forget about it .
first and last visit for brunch we ordered two of the  dishes scrambled eggs with home fries salad and bacon and eggs forty five minutes later still no food we left i will say their coffee is good .
great pizzas good service fantastic option to be to watch a game or just to enjoy a casual evening .
the food was good but not great the service on a saturday night was terrible based on other reviews id have been better off trying brunch than dinner here based on my own experience not planning to go back .
good food good prices large menu great service fun atmosphere lots of tvs small parking lot .
empty on sunday nite but still mediocre service food was also only soso crab cakes had unpleasant stringy texture and no taste def not the  meat the waiter claimed would not do this again .
busy atmosphere lots of fun football on the many tvs we ordered the famous bar pie it was a little well done but good friendly service and very attentive reasonable prices well be back .
stupidly expensive everything is a la carte and honestly just average burgers the staff have no idea whats on the menu .
always amazing food great bar pies and very well poured drinks and always fun must give mike a hard time .
everything is served in a plastic container this is not green or clean wtf is up with the plastic nyc from a  .
great bar food always love their bar pies nice place to go and have some drinks and eat .
nastiest mexican food ever sugar in beans sugar in veggie tacos generic low quality tortillas and rubber cheese .
been coming here for over 30 years and it never disappoints best bar pies ever .
went to check it out but apparently its been shut down by the health department .
absolutely the best great food great staff favorite item is well done sausage bar pie or the incredible  steak sandwich never have had a bad meal here highly recommend .
this is not mexican food the tortilla chips are out of a bag and my taco was on a four tortilla the food is flat out tasteless and i have never been impressed by the  staff both times i was here .
great local place for a wide range of foods burgers wings and pizza all the way to chicken parm and vodka  and more great service and a very clean gotta stop in and check it out .
slightly better than taco bell .
they have the best food i had a blood orange margaritas tortilla soup and for my entree grouper filet stuffed with crab meat lisa was our waitress and she was very attentive with each table .
rudest check in ever completely unwelcoming refused to honor a reservation because we were delayed a few minutes the charm of a wet  we were treated as if they were doing us a favor by seating us .
very authentic hispanic style tasty and flavorful prices are not bad for portions and margaritas are awesomely good .
dont know what you people call thai food but this aint thai nothing is authentic here and trying to give it a new twist theyve made it taste all wrong wont frequent it too far away anyway .
was there this past sunday very authentic the waitress was probably the best waitress i have ever had service was great food was excellent def  .
food is decent service kind of sucks i ordered a burger which took a long time then they wanted to charge me for a sprite refill what is this  .
the vegetarian enchiladas were delicious a little spicy but delicious also love the pico de  definitely in a cute area of philadelphia pleasantly surprised .
not so good experience for us no coffee no juice the menu was not  the place is beautiful hope you have a better experience than me .
nice small restaurant good ambiance food was delicious mole sauce and salsa verde were legit my only issue was the guacamole serving was a bit small i couldve eaten it by my self definitely no more than 2 people a serving .
im sorry but i dont think a wine bar should have sports tvs blaring i thought the concept of wine bar was romantic sexy nope not here its crowded loud and feels like some kind of compromise destination for women  with   .
came here again for happy hour and the food was just as good as my first visit very friendly service and generous portions .
average cheesesteaks and wings the employees were nice the business is heavily relied on the university environment if you would like to experience great cheesesteaks you might want to consider the vendor at reading  market .
definitely my favorite mexican restaurant in the city the enfrijoladas are amazing and are a must try for sure its a little small inside so making a reservation is good idea .
i hate to be a  voice but the cheesesteak at abners when i had it was soggy and the roll lacked that  that makes a great philly  ill have to try it again maybe it was just a bad day .
probably my favorite mexican place in the city my dinner and drinks were awesome i dont know what they put on the enchiladas but its sinfully delicious .
the service is always slow and the wait staff have an i dont care attitude only drunks come in being open 24 hours is the only plus .
great place to go for mexican food if you are near south street in philly try the place out and youll definitely come back for more .
quick and cheap .
great margaritas quaint small atmosphere very intimate and after 3 trips its now a staple the food is authentic and delicious .
you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and  at 230am the food is beyond bad if i knew i could get away with it i would burn this place down .
small place that we stumbled upon by accident absolutely great food lovely decor with great attention to details will come back next time im visiting philly .
they beat a rat to  all over the restaurant isles after it ran out of the kitchen i swear it was so  the whole restaurant got up and walked out .
it was the first time we eat here it was amazing as authentic as can be for a mexican place on south street the food was fresh and the service was exceptional this aint no south of the border we will be back .
just meh wine by the glass is mediocre and they dont even fill the glass dont try this place on your own i only went there cuz a meetup was there .
enfrijoladas with very fresh avocado yum plus an amazing pickled salad and black beans and friendly service .
this place has really great food but the service is horrible the staff has an attitude every single time i go there and its like they hate their jobs if youre not spanish or you dont speak it they have an even bigger attitude .
food and atmosphere are excellent .
massively overrated hipster joint food is average at best wont be back .
great neighborhood gem everything on the menu is yummy and having authentic mexican local is awesome the fish is all fresh and the the guacamole is delicious there is not a  of seating space so certainly make a reservation in advance enjoy .
just a local neighborhood diner just a comfortable old pit stop to get some grub with generous portions .
best mexican restaurant in philadelphia love the waitstaff food is the best in the city only place to eat mexican go there but make reservations you will not be disappointed .
i love the sabrinas on 9th street so i was excited to try their new location its a nice sized space and service is good will add that the fries were very stale leaving me disappointed .
the food and the service was great i will be going back 4 stars from a woman that is mexican lol .
unless i am missing something this place is not  accessible .
very authentic great flavor excellent service great atomosphere chips and salsa was great warm chips with home made salsa shrimp ceviche was excellent had stuffed chicken and tilapia for main dish these were also flavorful and delicious .
 crowd warning beer pong maybe if youre 10 years younger took over half an hour to make a couple of burgers forgot part of our order ehhh wont be coming here again .
surprisingly good familiar mexican menu in a very nice space .
dive bar and proud of it this isnt my scene but low key and cheap for a few drinks on a weeknight 10 pitchers of beer good service sit at the bar or grab a table .
definitely  with the likes of el vez and el rey the tacos pastor and the pork torta were very good next time i am there ill have to try their drinks .
called twice to see if there was a wait for a table for two no answer showed up to a two hour wait hostess was rude wont be trying to eat here again .
great mexican food have to try the  bowl to die for only complaint is the restaurant is very small only a handful of tables .
save your money buttermilk channel is not what it once was two years ago brunch great food great service worth the money last night unfriendly staff overpriced small portions food served hardly warm .
food was great atmosphere great waitress a little abrupt but fast .
ive had better scrambles and better eggs benedict the scrambled eggs and the hash browns were very greasy although made well with a nice crisp exterior its texture could be improved by  out the excess oil .
great local mexican eatery go for the happy hour margaritas and stay for dinner a lovely spot to bring your family and friends .
ridiculously long wait for sunday brunch do not come around 12pm 2pm unless you dont mind waiting two hours in the cold .
absolutely delicious my enchiladas were fantastic and my waiter was so attentive the restaurant is tiny but as soon as i finished with plates she picked them up which helped me feel not claustrophobic i highly recommend las bugambilias .
small portions and overprice and tight seating .
best mexican food ive had everything was extremely fresh we went when it was packed so the service was a little slow but the waitress apologized and even gave us some delicious complimentary flan for desert well definitely be back in the future .
i dont get it we went all the way from the city to experience this place with the glowing reviews it was  i suppose service didnt impress me at all food was slightly above average yeah i just dont get it .
good food good atmosphere but needs more waiters .
the good delicious housemade sausage patties nice ambiance the bad 1 hour wait for brunch and paying 5 for a 14 of a cheddar waffle the waffle itself was ok nothing spectacular but 5 for a 3 bite waffle thats ridiculous even for a yuppie .
delicious food friendly service  ambiance try the guacamole the chicken mole and the seafood enchiladas .
was not all that at brunch pancakes and salmon platter were mediocre bacon was very good though .
wonderful vibrant authentic little hideaway on south street staff was sweet and attentive food was  bueno downside  all in all and place worth going back to .
meh .
amazing food and drinks only problem is its a tiny place so if its crowded you might need reservations and you will be defiantly sitting on top of others please dont go and be the loud drunk thanks .
the vibe is cool service friendly but didnt enjoy my pork chop and waffle i did enjoy my friends smoked salmon and cream cheese plate though it was very nice .
really good mexican food with amazing drinks a little on the pricey side when you include drinks but worth all the money try the mole enchiladas and amazing pink margaritas any flavor .
the fried chicken was horrible it was not fully cooked the crust was still doughy the rest of the menu looked yummy and i should have ordered other items great service good wine list just dont go there for the fried chicken .
very very very good and even though its not a byo the wine is the most affordable ive seen great experience .
mediocre at best across the board kitchen couldnt make a medium burger fried chicken was just ok but cheese waffle tasted like a belgium waffle no cheese that i could  side dishes were all weird service was inattentive until things went wrong pass on this place .
based on margaritas and guacamole alone was starting to doubt the other reviews but then my chicken mole  arrived yum chicken was moist and delicious mole was tasty prompt and friendly service as others described nice place to spend a little time .
brunch skip it be prepared to search for the hostess like you would in one of those wheres  books ill admit the food was good but there are better options in the area namely  over on smith and prime meats across the street on court .
i could not have been happier with my experience here the staff were welcoming responsive and fun from the moment we arrived until we left the food was beautifully presented and delicious .
i really dont get the rave reviews about this place its nothing but a pretentious joint filled with strollers and folks who have come to taste the pancakes trust me theyre not worth it and neither is the wait .
awesome mexican food enchiladas are my personal favorite great place for a date a little on the expensive side but worth it .
place is too loud at least on a friday night waited for our dish for at least 45 minutes fried chicken is good not great waffles are soft no crunch didnt order dessert i heard they are excellent glad i went but wouldnt recommended .
their soups are great its not easy to find great soup good drinks not  and foods is very good .
why arent you open for brunch on saturdays .
hello yelpers good recommendation for a mexican restaurant in philly thanks we had such a delicious meal there tried and love their pollo  .
no dont do it the food is ok but just ok for these prices i would hope for more the decor is cute but just cannot justify bland flavors overcooked meat etc .
totally agree with  s amazing dinner i had with a friend on halloween d i had 2 drinks diablo the devil and  vampire becuase of the spirit of the holiday d .
food was average and the service was unbelievably bad the bloody mary was a nice treat although still doesnt live up to the hype .
yummm really fresh authentic mexican food and its a bonus that the restaurant itself is well decorated and extremely friendly service we just happened to be walking by and decided to stop in no complaints loved it .
went for dinner service the worst the owner is rude and clueless wont go back food fair at best .
love this place ive been back to this place a few times and each time are happy we go if you like food with a kick and favor recommend trying this resturant even there nachos are homemade and every appetizer we have tried on the menu .
went here for dinner food was awful had better food from  service was awful will not return nor reccomend .
really enjoyed our meal here the service was terrific and its adorable although crowded the food though we thought was just very good not excellent the 26 rating on  is insane .
the food is always good best local jamaican food not a good idea to eat there a lot of hanging out at night and they have almost no room .
one of the most authentic mexican places in the city i get take out lunch from them several times a week the chicken soup is to die for and the  are amazing .
typical burgers and shakes i go because its in my town and close to home nothing special aside from the sopranos  .
we enjoyed our first dining experience there the food is healthy affordable and served by helpful friendly staff we shall return .
it appears that getting a plug from a major tv show creates the opportunity for a little neighborhood  to charge ridiculous prices for small portions of mediocre food perhaps if youre part of the family theyll do right by you .
i guess its pretty good .
blech .
giving it 4 stars but its really 3 5 for the food or server pushed it to a 4 she was excellent explained the dishes asked what we like and made additional recommendations and was patient not sure if this will make our rotation but it was nice .
nothing special definitely not worth the  wait to be seated its also very small and loud .
without question the best and freshest thai for many miles around great staff and friendly owner .
i dont know what all the hype is about soba noodles i had the chicken burdock dip soba it was mehhh didnt finish it the soup tasted too strong and the flavors didnt work for me the green tea ice cream was delish tho .
green curry with coconut milk chicken and veg was sooo good my husbands pad thai was delicious too service was prompt and attentive decor cool and quiet prices so reasonable at  thursday almost every table is full this is our new thai place love it .
not even remotely as good as the original one on  they dont even have the same menu why stick with the good stuff people my food was poorly seasoned watered down even the intimate lightly dimmed atmosphere of  turned into a fast  place .
delicious food friendly service and an overall nice place to eat in this town its a great addition .
the delicious grits were changed for grit sticks which kind of ruined the dish boo to that choice my husband had a sandwich which was not so good makes me wonder whats going on in the kitchen bc the last experience was so good .
beautiful and clean restaurant the service was amazing i chose the bbq shrimp special and loved it if we are ever in the area again i would absolutely come back .
first they served the skirt steak totally burned on bottom and tried to  it by sauces i could taste it they replaced with a simple pizza which was so bland cant come back again .
very tasty great menu options nice decor food came out super fast but service was not the most attentive appetizers entrees came out all at once vegetarian duck was  peking duck was also reported to be excellent will definetely be back byob .
called twice for delivery and its the wrong number not the correct info not a restaurant .
big selection of thai dishes so far i have been happy with all dishes excellent service nice addition to the area .
great views but unfortunately this low rent place tries to  on tourist and  yorkers paid 20 buck to watch  on a flat screen .
finally a good thai restaurant in princeton area came here 3 days after it opened ambiance is a modern and clean look which i liked service we had was decent i felt the thai food we had was on par with thai kitchen .
the owner of this place abuse their guard dog the dog is left outside at nights even during snow storm  refuse to come here until this is  .
fantastic food including kabobs and gyros and a terrific lunch special for 7 95 very small place and super casual quick friendly service and delectable sides like cauliflower  yum .
unfortunately time after time ive encountered rude female counter staff here ok bagel if you must .
the food here is delicious i definitely recommend it to anyone in this area this is definitely not the last time i will be eating here .
just went there now cheap lowquality ingredients flavorless bagels compared to other local bagels like  slow grouchy service low quality espresso in my latte and to top it off the bagel tasted stale like it sat there since yesterday terrible .
both the kabobs and gyros are very good i havent eaten but only take out the food is delicious .
bagels are good but the service feels cold the sandwiches are really good and the service staff is so so .
place is awesome gyros are top notch homemade sauces succulent meats took my boys here and sat at the counter people working here are cool you can tell they care about what they are doing and know how to do it well .
i ordered a pizza for delivery an when i opened the door the woman smelt like  i almost didnt take the pizza but overall great pizza .
food is great and the staff are extremely friendly i will definitely be a repeat customer .
this place is overly priced and overall not so good the owner or manager with the blonde hair was not a very friendly waitress if you want to leave hungry then come here .
yum great homemade food from friendly people you cant ask for more great naan and hummus .
i went here a few nights ago there was one waiter for all the tables and he was dressed shabby and messy the food was awful and absolutely not worth the price tag .
excellent food and service a new regular spot for us we had chicken kabob and chicken gyro both great .
how to ruin a delicious dinner and intimate setting with music that  your fillings .
generous portions for lunch seared cauliflower was fried not seared place was clean no gluten free options nor whole wheat available mixed gyro was spicy and tasty chicken  kabob was ground chicken not whole chicken .
overhyped besides the cocktails which were amazing the food was not inventive or anything special .
it was the first time that i went there and was very pleasantly surprised the food was excellent and the prices were very reasonable .
granted she has alot of different flavors but they are extremely expensive its like eating a pat of butter and their hours are  owner was rude id go to anyone but sugar .
great food worth going out of your way for fantastic catering take out menu look at all of the other reviews 4 to 5 stars .
gross pretty sure they were serving leftovers from the day or 2 before mushy bland and cash only but no sign especially in a food court with other options not sure how they are still in business food court fail veggies  can of soda 7  .
i liked it large servings a little expensive for what it is but its different and that makes it good .
 cough i wasnt happy with  i cant even finish i need some tums .
had lunch here today and the food is delicious we had hummus lamb kebab and felafel all fresh extremely flavorful made with care and friendly service will be back often much needed addition to the  food scene .
disgusting after eating moes everyday i decided to try something new at the food court bad idea chicken and broccoli was overcooked mushy and covered in sickeningly sweet sauce paired with lo mein with the cooks hair in it thanks for nothing will never go back .
the food is fresh and the restaurant is pretty clean the service here is much better than the other wendys in wayne on 46 .
there was a hair in my food i complained and the manager acted professionally but still it was not a pleasant experience portions not large enough .
for a fast food place they get 5 stars theyve never screwed up an order for me at the drive through and the food is ready by the time you pull up to the window after paying cant ask for anything else from a drive through window .
this place gave me a bad impression of philly the body guard was beyond rude the place looks filthy and it would not dine here or party here if i were in the philly area must avoid this place yuck .
excellent barbecue place fatty pulled pork was amazing but very fatty of course ribs better than most other bbq places hill country has slightly better brisket place is somewhat big but still crowded .
limited menu for both food and beer mediocre service all around not a great place .
the only thing better than the food and the selection of whiskey is the people who work here the servers bartenders even the owners always around willing to help or at least talk .
dont know what guy was talking about all for tv apparently save your money .
absolutely delicious i ordered the pulled pork bbq sandwich and mac n cheese wasnt a ton of food but certainly enough to fill you up .
the dj and song selection were awesome everything else about this place on a saturday night reminded me why i hate people .
delicious food loved it had dinner here with my brother on my visit to nyc totally would come back .
people seem to like to hang out here and the lounge section is great as a music venue now for the food truly horrible great place for coffee tea or glass of water again the food sucked .
the food is consistent the staff is attentive and its a nice location one of my gotos whether is with my boys or my girl .
went there and wasnt really thrilled it was dead no one was there at all and we felt quite awkward so we actually left had a small appetizer to coat our stomachs before drinking and that was okay but the waitress was a bit rude .
food is delicious cool atmosphere great staff delicious beer go with the pulled pork sandwich with mac on the side .
for the record i def wont be going to the new silk feh .
stopped by randomly while i hung out in downtown brooklyn awesome meaty ribs that were tender and fell off the bone mac and cheese was great and filling outdoor seating so we brought our dog and our waitress isabella made our night with great service .
although this place advertises itself as good for kids it wont allow a stroller with a kid inside .
went there before the  fire show on the  they make a very good margarita i had the 14 lb pulled pork and chicken tinga mac awesome good service too even though the place was near full looking forward to a return visit .
youve got to be kidding this was one of the worst restaurants ive ever spent money and time on slow service bad food poor seasoning choice for the four dishes tried by our party and over priced never again .
i think this is my favorite bbq place in the city and ive tried most of them i love their fatty brisket the corn in a cup is my favorite complementary side wash everything down with a   and i promise youll be satisfied .
 second average dinner in a row not worth it brunch at this place is better .
the pulled pork melts in your mouth and the baked potato was perfect as was the lemonade .
i dont think this place is worth what they charge for coffee my meal was  and not fully cooked have not returned .
quality barbecue food absolutely worth what you pay for their brisket is probably the best ive had anywhere .
i have been a frequent customer of this establishment and had good experiences there i was very upset to learn about the chefs  of his staff in this article   knowing this information i will not be returning to juventino .
fantastic fatty brisket i am a life long lover of bbq and everything i ate here potato salad collard greens big ole salad brisket and beef ribs amazing .
main attraction for us was juventino the man always there on saturday friendly on the ball a neighborhood institution then there was that news report about juventino being  by employees for sexual harassment and tip problems so then we stopped going .
wow awesome good loved it and totally eat to much but was soooo yummy friends tell me its a great place for brunch too i will have to try that after enjoying the awesome bbq dinner .
it was ok kind of expensive i prefer  cafe down the street give me zesty cuban over everything else any day .
just love it not to fond of the sides except the mac cheese cornbread but everything else amazing .
didnt enjoy my meal or my service .
simply great smoked style bbq fatty brisket is a winner cold slaw and brisket tacos also very yummy friendly staff tasty drinks and nice patio outdoor space weather  kid friendly and reasonably priced .
this place is terrible dont waste your time money or appetite pizza is better and cafe capri right down the block and bar atmosphere is better at blarney station .
great food some of the best ribs i ever had quick to the table as well friday lunch and place was moderately busy walked right and and say down waitress had my order within minutes highly  .
not impressed at all entire menu is frozen food and bar is limited im not going back and ill stick with the blarney station 2 doors down where the food is good and they treat you well dont waste your time here .
must try the pork ribs amazing they even have all the  from elbow room here .
the food are not bad but will not go back because the following 1 super salty 2 sushi roll doesnt taste fresh 3 well im always suspicious on  restaurant  by chinese .
best all around bbq in the city right now you know you found a bbq spot when the chicken which is usually a side thought for many of these place is amazing .
this sushi just isnt fresh it is also too fishy they do have good lunch deals 2 rolls for 8 plus soup and salad but the sushi was not satisfying at all .
great barbecue love their macaroni cheese specialties .
i love their pizza but they can be extremely rude and give a ton of attitude turned off from ordering them ever again .
amazing thanks justin for making the best drinks also thanks for recommending the buffalo chicken mac cheese amazing i would have added a picture but i ate my food to fast .
dont expect much from this place besides a view of the lake .
wow this is the first time im writing a review on yelp solely for the service food was good enough started at the bar great drinks cute blonde bartender moved to table rebecca was amazing and funny brisket was solid def coming back .
we had lobster roll that was tasteless we were  the prince  island mussels were fantastic lobster bisque was only fair we were not at all pleased and told our server without any response we expected a better experience and were disappointed july 21 2013 .
great food great service excellent bourbon selection i cannot wait to go there in the summer and sit outside .
great food and the place is very cute and inviting our waitress was awful from start to finish almost ruined our entire dining experience if we would of let her .
if you want great bbq and a texas two step then come on down their mac n cheese is also incredible great atmosphere great food and great bourbon prices are a little high but you get your  worth .
decent seafood joint for families good food very casual nice nook upstairs to grab a beer apps above restaurants con service is seasonal and it shows .
nycs best bbq ive tried almost every spot outside of fette sau morgans tops my list hands down ive been to franklin bbq in austin and this is comparable for sure cant wait to go back and try the pork ribs which they were out of last time .
by far one of the worst restaurants i have eaten at the food was very bland and the drinks were even worse not even worth a try i was very disappointed and the restaurant was packed with people .
cant express how much we love this place our friend ordered the breed rib which lives up to its  name its was truly delicious im waiting to have  thing here the jerk mac and cheese was amazing as well i think im addicted .
just ok important note unless you specifically tell them to make the food medium spicy it will be bland and flavorless had takeout from them a few  of food really varies they do have a pretty good brunch buffet over the weekend .
it ids really good junk food that isnt greasy it is a better version of an old school diner it serves the under 30 crowed what they want after a few hours at a bar .
expensive unremarkable service and food .
 so good go now the end .
i generally found the menu to be too limited and overpriced for the offerings fine dining it is not and it does seem to lack the charm or atmosphere it is attempting to convey if one looks at it with a critical  .
the best brisket in nyc ive had franklin and ive had morgans now i can gladly die of   only negative is the texas  flag booo .
apparently caseus does not feed their employees  they do it is merely a taste of the specials with a supposed dedication to sustainability and satisfaction i find such blatant disregard for their workers nauseating no matter how good the food tastes .
arrived on a busy friday evening with patience and was greeted with friendliness and free chips cheese the pulled meats were tasty as were the sides id probably go back and if it were not so cold outside id go to the elbow room window .
unfortunately poor food though the service is great and the waiters are so friendly .
the other good reviews are true the service is great and the meat melts in your mouth whats odd is how  the food is dont believe the roll of brown paper  on the table you can go here on a first date .
pretty mediocre expected more from the spaetzle with cheese but got a mushy thing with  levels of garlic thats authentic german beer list was good wine was a bit pricey for what you got if youre visiting i would pick someplace else .
went there before the  concert last night loved it i had the brisket sandwich and i got  greens and sweet tea the service was awesome as well .
drinks are good unfortunately food is not but its a bar and greasy food might be ok after 3 drinks nice atmosphere and the atm did not work .
pork ribs and fatty brisket were the stars the smoky queso appetizer was also fantastic the waitstaff was very  and seemed very knowledgeable re food drinks .
great location nice look but the food was expensive and weird and not in a good way .
loved it juicy brisket and yummy mac n cheese great atmosphere and lay out and very friendly staff nice whiskey and bourbon choices if youre into that hope to visit often .
not a fan just moved here chicken was rubbery kind of an annoying place from the newly  to the old local regs will not go back .
closest bbq to texas ive had outside of texas and those beans are the real deal like straight out of the  brought me back to a long lost home .
everything here tastes like paper i was so exited to have a  food spot in my hood but each of the three times ive eaten there has been a disappointment a soggy over priced tasteless waste .
excellent breakfast burrito and good service if the loaded potato had been same quality it was a kinda small and not hot enough to melt the cheese on it then  be 5 stars here .
i so wanted to like this place went with my husband for breakfast his grits were dry and the egg was cold and my food wasnt much better the place is cute and the staff are friendly and pleasant too bad .
i cant get enough of that pulled pork sammich also  and  are the coolest definitely check this place out im not biased at all .
great service but the food wasnt as great as i thought i was expecting some good greasy indulgent gastropub delights but they were all dry bland and well boring we got the brussels sprouts loaded waffle fries pastrami dog and an italian sausage .
delicious bbq friendly fun environment ive been a handful of times since they opened and really enjoy the spot the staff is friendly and engaging and  brisket and ribs are awesome reasonable for prices too .
never eat here ever they serve you stock ready made microwave food even the nan bread is what you would pick up from a grocery store .
i was quite surprised the the bbq was great you wont be disappointed there the staff is very welcoming and they make the experience fun i will be going back here .
apparently a three star review leads you to being  by numerous restaurant staff creating fake yelp accounts pretty sure thats going to kill my chances of ever returning or recommending this entirely unprofessional place .
i love this place awesome bbq my favorite is the bbq brisket stuffed potato and the mac n cheese service is amazing if you like bourbon they have an insane amount to choose from prices are fantastic too .
food was okay 30 min wait 40 for food server left tables wout taking food orders 2 groups walked out after being seated and not served had high hopes good luck if you choose to try .
went for brunch and we had breakfast burrito collard greens fatty brisket mac and cheese and pancakes everything was delicious and service was good i will definitely be back .
some sort of combination of greasy spoon cafe and  mexican on advice of the waitress ordered the steak burrito with salsa verde which they make in house steak was way overdone salsa verde is the  thing to make and their  was sad at best .
went here last week for brisket and collards 5 stars for brisket 5 stars for service 2 stars for greens it seems silly to have another bbq place within walking distance of  but if you dont feel like waiting for two hours this is a good option .
horrible service waiter never asked us what we wanted to drink and never once came back to check on how we were doing that get you no tip  deff wont ever be coming back here .
stopped in for quick dinner before a show everything our party of 5 had was delicious i was not sure about trying pinto beans and collard greens but they were great we were all happy with this choice and will definately go back .
they really pushing us to order bbq only lots of dish is not available 2  staff doesnt know what is on the menu sad .
always delectable friendly atmosphere and great service highly recommend .
totally disagree with most yelpers on this place yes to nice decor and loungy vibe no to the food the sauces were too generic and way too sweet the service was a little  as well the typical thai places in the area have better food .
absolutely amazing we went back twice while we were visiting from boston one if the best breakfasts we have had in a very long time .
meh not very memorable the pad see ew beef was way too saucy and too much soy sauce will not be going back again seeing theres so many other options in the neighborhood .
cafe 72 is a good lunch spot with solid food and descent prices i ordered chicken fingers and fries nothing exquisite however the chicken and fries were fresh will be back to get some more lunch in the future .
this restaurant has lots of potential but their staff is awful unfortunate .
so good i ordered the chicken and waffles which were delightful and we got the bananas foster french toast for the table which was also delicious everyone was pleasant and we were served quickly and then not rushed out i highly recommend .
tried to charge us 13 for a side of steamed vegetable then called police when we discussed the bill .
rare combination of amazing food and service a warm and friendly atmosphere that was perfect for the kids  upbeat energy and service was perfect .
came at  website said midnight told us they were closed went to  which was great .
place has awesome food doesnt belong in ewing though .
slow service .
i appreciate a solid brunch place and cafe 72 is  in my solid category very deserving of 4 stars the benedict was spot on and the  french toast was delicious good service cozy spot very much worth a return trip minute maid oj though cmon man .
service was subpar not a good selection of sushi rolls on the menu only a handful of appetizers fish was average nothing special and the wait was 1 5 hours for our food even with a reservation unacceptable better off going to  house for sure .
wonderful service and great food there are some very unique menu offerings and they always have different specials will definitely be returning .
at best lacking in variety spice etc not surprised few people here forgot some of our order too and waitress corrected and argued with us tsk tsk .
salted caramel french toast yum .
the service was very slow and waited over 45 minutes for 2 sandwiches when the food arrived the lettuce was wilted the cheese was not even close to melted on the sandwich and the overall quality was poor i expected more .
this is my wife and i go to place for breakfast never made it in for lunch or dinner but if it is anything like breakfast it has to be good .
found this place on   while traveling as my husband is a  kind of guy his burger was overcooked and my turkey melt with cranberries was plain weird and very sweet i wouldnt recommend it .
i had the combo 2 eggs two blueberry pancakes and bacon pancakes were excellent wife had tiramisu pancakes with pork roll again pancakes were excellent very good coffee and pleasant service .
way over priced bartenders are horrible .
nice big tasty pancakes liberally filled with choice of fruits n nuts kept us full for rest of the day .
horrible food the worst eggplant parm sandwich i have ever had the  to pass my lips .
excellent tasty fare at relatively cheap prices went for the first time this weekend its now on our go to list .
you have to take a mortgage out to have a few drinks there over priced .
great breakfast place top location in ewing nj .
not very fresh there was mold on our jello totally grossed out i will not be back .
this place is great burgers are awesome by far the best pancakes in the area shrimp and grits was off the hook .
the food is a bit better than your average diner but this is not a diner per se they do not sell milkshakes service was awful besides .
service was terrific food was delicious crab cake benedict was a unique and terrific dish portions way too big though .
where have you gone americana diner with bread in a bag an a la carte menu and overpriced and stale danish sadly this was the  of the family enough said nice to have known you .
good lighting great food the breakfast wrap was delicious good blend and balance of cheese eggs and veggies the home fries better than your average not greasy and obviously made from fresh potatoes the veggie omelet was great pancakes were fluffy and delightful .
this place was once great but since theyve become more popular their food selection has gone downhill simply put they have become overrated and i would not recommend much .
finally tried cafe 72 for breakfast after moving to the area a year ago it was delicious great atmosphere too its very deceiving from the outside but the inside is cozy inviting breakfast was delicious i will definitely go back .
not a fan of this place dont like the dinner or lunch breakfast is so and so menu is so blah now prices are higher not worth it .
we had a great family experience at  for lunch very kid friendly extremely nice waitstaff too pizza was good rest of the food was ok the kids meals were generous and very good we would definitely return again .
dont let the name fool you this is no diner more like a wannabe french restaurant prices are absurdly high and portions are measly the only thing worth getting is the omelets but even then dont expect a normal portion of home fries not worth going to anymore .
love eating breakfast there i just wish the cream of turkey soup was made everyday its amazing .
 over  with fish the quality of which seemed fine if you could taste it nice crowd not again sorry folks .
a fun place for a night out with a group of friends we had dinner one night and came back another for the rooftop lounge a gem itself .
walked in on a sunday no one else was there pretty cool looking inside food was a bit bland service also just ok price was a bit high for food level nothing very special probably wont go back .
great food and drinks love their brunch best coffee ever tried the udon soup yesterday now its all i can think about .
not very good and slow service .
this place was amazing very nice staff lighting was great for a hangover food was great they serve breakfast until 3 and there are sweet hanging seats 5stars the bomb com .
came in based on good reviews here food was ok but the place is cluttered messy uncomfortably cramped and the service was useless got everything wrong couldnt understand a word of what we said first and last visit .
such a cute place i recommend sitting upstairs on the swing service was good staff was very helpful food is always delicious every time i come to philly i come here to eat .
not the cleanest of restaurants food is fair to poor service is passable bathrooms were dirty dark .
came here on a sunday for brunch ambiance was really cool and the place was really spacious got the huevos rancheros and brioche french toast and they were both delicious normal portion sizes and neither dish was extremely heavy i felt comfortably full after this meal .
my wife went with a party of ten one saturday recently the wait for food was long and the place was dirty .
like this place very much it suits for different occasions with family for meal with friends for drinks the fusion style foods are delicious .
tuesday burger night is two hamburger patties and some fries for 10 bucks you can make the same thing at home for cheaper and better we thought it was going to be the tavern double burger sadly disappointed literally nothing on the burger but cheese .
awesome atmosphere so chic and fun and the drinks are amazing try the twizzle .
tried the bluebird for a change  for two was raw big disappointment drinks are awesome but food is not ill be going to farmhouse next time .
cute place for breakfast fast service and good food came here on a sunday for brunch at noon and was able to grab a table immediately .
mundane food designed for a  palate .
i just discovered the 3rd floor not too long ago lol loved it i had the brisket bao buns omg i cant wait to go back for more i also enjoyed their cheesesteak egg rolls .
disappointing the service was bad the food mediocre and overpriced and the place kind of grimy we wont be returning .
dinner was excellent staff awesome gluten free options available too seating was very comfortable too i didnt want to leave .
food is so so portions are small and it is definitely overpriced whether it was lunch or dinner we never spent less than 25 per head for a small plate too much considering this place is quite simple and service is very slow .
love the swing chairs and rooftop lounge .
just a generic  of the mill middle eastern restaurant not worth going out of the way for .
what can i say they never disappoint cheese steak egg rolls korean pork tacos brisket korean short ribs and martinis cool decor attentive service .
good food  kabob was very good as was the falafel but the slow service was a serious drawback just getting that first glass of water was tough let alone refills .
great food with decent prices except drinks are kinda expensive have been to continental at least a dozen times and have never been disappointed gotta try the swinging baskets at least once .
the rice was fluffy  and delicious everything else was pretty blah inside sahara grill is dark and a little dingy the couscous was oily and the pita was cut up and stuffed back into the plastic bag from the supermarket that it came from not impressed .
great mixed drinks and cocktails joe is a great bartender service is friendly prompt and the food is on point .
food was good service was ok atmosphere was poor trans friendly i could  problems but experienced none .
very cool inside great food nice enough service and not too expensive .
dont do it .
i thought it was great kung pao ribs hummus french onion soup dumplings fried green beans steak frites all was yummy yummy and omg dessert .
nasty .
wow what an experience went to sit on the roof but it smelled like smoke went back inside and say on the swing seats so fun lettuce wraps the quinoa and brussel sprouts were amazing tapas style not too expensive and delicious .
wow my son and i became violently ill as well after eating there we were sick within 1 hour of finishing our meal the one thing we had the same of was the duck sauce never go back .
one of my favorite spots great for dates celebrations or even just a night out with family or friends .
i was a regular at sunrise for a few years and enjoyed the food quite a bit unfortunately it only takes a single bad experience to change ones opinion my wife and i became violently ill five hours after takeout ill never go back too bad .
lobster orzo and cheese is very good the gf had a fresh made  and enjoyed it we were upstairs and it was a nice evening .
terrible terrible service ended up walking out after more than 20 minutes of waiting to have our drink order taken .
cool place interesting drinks and food options i got breakfast here and loved my omelette funky decor good for groups of 26 .
after we sent our first pitcher of margaritas back for being sickeningly sweet and lacking tequila the second pitcher wasnt much better the food was average at best they need to take a lesson from el vez or el rey in cc will not be going back .
wild child drink is awesome door new drinkers awesome grilled cheese and fries and atmosphere .
we went here for brunch on sunday we sat outside and the weather and atmosphere was great however the food there was subpar at best i ordered a chicken quesadilla and a breakfast burrito for getting drinks it would be good i think .
i love this place diverse menu and great vibe for drinks i like the upstairs patio a lot as well .
smells  staff is just as bad went friday night never ever will i go bad staff rude .
deserts were the reason we ended up here and it did not disappoint we ordered 5 deserts banana nutella tart  tiramisu liquid chocolate cake cheesecake angel  they were all delish looking forward to coming back for more deserts .
drinks are always good except the margaritas which are way to sweet mediocre food the service is the absolute worst though .
great atmosphere and nice menu service was good very consistent have been here a number of times and always have a pleasant experience .
the food here really sucks and ive seen roaches the tables are sticky the free chips are meh the frozen margaritas are good and strong though which is why ill give it 2 stars vs 1 star .
food is mostly great ambiance is quite comfortable and the servers are pretty helpful love the spinach ravioli and the octopus did not enjoy the calamari salad much but maybe it was just a bad day i will be back again .
disgusting margarita awful service the food took an hour to come out and by that time i had lost my appetite something that never happens to me this was without a doubt the worst dining experience ive ever had .
a very decent place for a variety of occasions went once for dinner loved the tapas .
relieved to be home from that place slow service average food and  loud environment make for a generous 1 star rating .
went with a group of 12 for a  party and had the prefixe menu everything was great especially the cheesesteak egg rolls service was quick and friendly and the ambiance is trendy yet casual .
horrible service horrible food greasy bland waste of def a waste of time youll get chips and dip then are expected to wait hours for your meal .
great place for drinks on a saturday night downtown looked like a great place for food as well .
overhyped due to the outdoor seating in spring girls night fly paper trap hipsters aplenty meeting  dates vegan nachos huh for peoplewatching along  avenue you might have fun for real mexican hit the italian market ive had better there .
good steven starr restaurant i usually start with the korean pork tacos which are amazing and then have something boring like a burger but thats only because theyre great the fries are good as well and their happy hour isnt half bad either .
hipsters bar a lots of noise there but the food is not that bad and i was waiting an hour to get beer .
cool as ice from the decor to the hip waitresses and waiters everything is this place is a retro  take on alternative reality my suggestion take a seat on one of the stuffed neon colored futuristic animals in the bar area .
really if you want real mexican food you can hit up little mexico on 9th street from passyunk to washington 5 margaritas and every hipster in a 5 block radius from 5pm 7pm it there happy hour you can have your cantina im not that cool .
when in philly you gotta do cheese steak when you gotta do cheese steak you gotta do the  cheese steak egg rolls and the decor is way cool too .
eh whatever good margaritas paired with the  mexican food this side of taco bell .
great place to go with friends to grab a yummy bite and unique and tasty drinks i loved the ambiance .
went in for a snack bought a pastel and it was disgusting took one bite and tossed it wont come back .
i love the atmosphere and especially the swinging chairs on the second floor you must try lobster mac n cheese sea bass great service .
just like the  says when i pressed the onestar  eek methinks not terrible service rude cold coffee greasy meals and attitude from the manager when i complained about it not worth it average food overpriced and service with an attitude never again .
saturday brunchlunch for some first timers was a real treat delicious selection of wonderful plates pancakes eggs asian salad omelettes great coffee and drinks and to t it all off a selection of desserts wonderful service and crowd worth a wait if you come when its busy .
nice brunch place the kitchen sink was too much potatoes and after a quarter of the way through it it just tasted like cardboard the steak i heard was exquisite .
ive been here more than any restaurant in the 2 12 years ive lived in the philly area just a fun place to have a good meal and drinks with friends or family .
0 stars dirty and staff and management are less than friendly .
one of my favorite spots in philly and always a solid choice fits casual and upscale vibes french onion soup dumplings will never steer you wrong .
two stars for freshsqueezed orange juice and coffee with soy milk thats about it tofu scramble is cooked in butter unless you ask for it to be vegan .
went just for drinks at roof top lounge drinks were amazing bartender very friendly would recommend .
blah .
went here with family and friends and we had a great experience very cool and hip decor the waitstaff were very attentive the soy glazed pork belly was delightful with the purée yummy of course the martini  perfect .
on a bright note the baguette was good .
swinging chairs were fun tapas were delicious drinks and 3 orders of tapas and we were in and out in just over 20 minutes because we were in a hurry .
terrible service worst dining experience ever stay away .
this is just a philly classic the service is always fast and friendly and the food is delicious you cant go wrong with anything from the menu seriously .
mediocre food mediocre service bad cocktails confused decor silly plating kinda surprised that folks rave about this place .
the food is really good the turkey burger with turkey bacon is outstanding i couldnt believe how delicious it was the  dessert is absolutely delicious as well definitely a great place for lunch during a work week .
service was non existent waited 30 minutes for drinks at least 45 minutes for food and it wasnt crowded i am not sure our dinner would have come if we didnt ask food was not that great and im being generous we will not go back .
solid spot good food average service weird 50s futuristic atmosphere blt omlette was very good as was the huevos rancheros .
the ambiance was great but the menu was meh if you are in the mood for tapas just go to  i hate when i leave a restaurant feeling like i paid for mediocre food .
love the rooftop bar been twice now great place to take a break from  in the rittenhouse square area very interesting drink menu like apple cider drink  county harvest the best french onion soup dumplings are excellent .
over rated over priced over soon bad service with arrogant hostess and young  manager across the street from city  project there is no heat in the back room never again will i visit this place .
simply the service was really good and they have one of the best burgers ive ever eaten blue coat martini was a perfect local touch to a great great lunch .
nice decor 9th ave is far not too many tapas calamari wasnt good flatbread brussel sprouts and patatas bravas were above average pollo was tasty sea bass was nice steak was alright good wine good desert french toast was very nice service slow they had no sangria .
i really really like this place the french onion soup dumplings are fantastic the desserts are pretty good too go with a friend or two and get several small plates to share .
grew up going to librettis what happened flavorless lasagna and chicken piccata .
the mad  ambiance and the lobster mac n cheese alone are worth coming back time and again even though the  is awful really salty and waitresses have a bit of an attitude .
sunday  meal was fabulous but the wait between courses and they werent even crowded .
i really like this place great starr restaurant with an inventive menu attentive staff and great ambiance i go here all the time its a great place to take visitors if youre going there on a date definitely request the hanging chairs upstairs for something fun and different .
totally disappointed made a reservation thru open table when we arrived we were shown to a table in a corner near the bar complete review on facebook page for rouge wont be going there again .
great food service and atmosphere sister suggested this spot for me andy  the lobster mac is awesome portions are worth the prices def will go back when i visit again .
cool spot but beware of very rude male bartender asked him for a julep since its derby day and he gave me a dirty look and ignored me .
crab pad thai was very good id order it again .
bizarre i have been going here for years but i guess because the bartenders girlfriend thought i was a challenge to her  with him ill have a glass of wine at parc .
went there for a work lunch liked the atmosphere got to try most of the tapas dishes thought the cheesesteak  were a bit overrated but the quesadillas and salads were very good french onion soup dumplings were disgusting imo lobster mac n cheese was decadent .
i dont know if i ordered the wrong thing but my salad was subpar especially for 15 i ordered the chopped salad and all i could taste was the tinny too  taste of olives thank goodness the bread was excellent and my date shared his delicious fries .
cutest place ever in midtown i love their drinks their rooftop area is nice too great for happy hour  out after work .
great view and atmosphere food was just meh .
you cant go wrong with their crispy calamari salad its always great and makes for a good brunch with shoestring fries and the fresh fruit .
my review is just for drinks and atmosphere stopped here during the overly crowded spring festival this would be a fantastic spot to people watch and have a light bite on a less crowded day .
the service and ambiance were very nice and the food was delicious i came with 2 other friends and we had the ahi tuna tartare lobster mac n cheese chicken skewers and shrimp tacos they were all amazing definitely coming back .
can someone say douchey this place sucks balls this place looks like its typically frequented by middle aged men wearing ed  deep  tshirts expect bad service and old people talking about motorcycles and  tattoos .
awesome upstairs roof indoor lounge liked it a lot good prices friendly people great for after work crowd tried the giant plate of fries it was goodish i dont know philly that well but this seems like a solid joint .
food is terrible but grab a drink and watch the square .
4 overall food service our brunch menu orange juice 3 5 good water tap 3 5 good coffee 3 5 good huevos rancheros 4 very good breakfast potatoes 4 very good note use street parking 7 50 max .
i was very disappointed to see the quality of their croissant it is the worse i ever eaten the plain one has no taste or color the almond one tasted stale they claimed its fresh the cappuccino is nice .
great happy hour .
very surprised by the high ratings ordered the chicken medallion dish and was totally unimpressed bland overpriced food the view was nice but i will not be back .
great food and service just wish i tried the cotton candy and got to sit in a swing chair .
food ok service awful wine selection none and badly  we tasted virtually all the red wines and they were beyond terrible i have never been so poorly treated and will not return .
chilean sea bass is amazing every time .
my boyfriend got food poisoning from this place last night from a salmon dish i never complain but he got really sick restaurants really need to be more careful with the way they clean and store their seafood .
great  environment with awesome tunes hanging chairs on  are very cool hangar steak and chicken tika masala where our favorite dinner dishes and we highly recommend them from california with love .
honestly i rarely order from here and tonight confirmed why this is bottom of the  pizza crappy crust lousy ingredients and a shitty product how hard is it to make decent pizza ugh .
love this place from turkey burger to french onion soup dumplings to pork belly i have not been disappointed the desserts are mmmm mmmm good love this place and will continue to come back .
my last order was for a mushroom pizza pie and and an italian stromboli mushrooms were canned versus fresh mushrooms dough was chewy and sauce was bland do yourself a favor and walk a few blocks to  for some real pizza .
went with my bffs we had a great time they complained about portion sizes next time well order off the apps .
the girls that take your order here are very rude and have an attitude id rather order from city view .
looks like a diner outside but inside is super trendy food presentation is good taste is excellent but portion is very small i had to order 3 large plates will definitely go back again .
cheap and greasy for sure this place is a block from my apartment so ive eaten here out of  many times the buffalo chicken pizza is a guilty pleasure but i usually pay for it afterwards dont go out of your way to eat here .
lobster mac and cheese is so good we ordered a lot everything looked so good and had to take a lot of it home .
totally average not clean not dirty not good not bad not tasty not yucky just plain meh .
the rooftop bar has a great atmosphere bartenders were friendly and attentive and the bbq chicken quesadilla was delicious .
drove there and was shocked dirty overcrowded expensive and had to tell my 4 year old that she had to wait 3 hours to play laser tag needless to say she left in tears will not be going back .
cant complain about any of the tapas they were wonderful the long waits to be seated and for food are kind of a pain pricey for what youre getting so load up and try several dishes .
worst food ever it was a home cooked badly cooked meal sweet was the worst my daughter felt so nauseous after the meal worst meal ever .
the best thing believe it or not is their korean tacos they are the bomb also the service is great too the rooftop bar is a cool hangout at night .
extremely bad food though  naans n parathas   except  dat everything we had was really bad i  say its d worst indian food we  had .
the atmoshphere here is one of my favorite in the city very unique choices in food and drink definitely a place i like to stop by for at least a drink if i am in the  .
look i love indian food but this place is consistently disappointing i find their food to be pretty bland frankly its also overpriced making it a pretty bad value i would only consider coming here for the buffet on sunday .
my one of my most favorite starr restaurants the drinks and food are always top notch bring back my tiramisu waffle though i used to come for brunch just for that .
wish i could give zero stars ordered and waited 25 minutes before they told me they had to make what i ordered why bother great mexican food across the street at san loco this place is miserable .
food was great had kung pao ribs chicken skewers and seared ahi tuna all were very tasty and good only downside is that servings were really small for the price of what you pay after ordering one appetizer and 2 classic dishes we were not full at all .
bad 1st experience it took forever to get our order of nachos with steak and when asked the second time found out that they never put in the order this is the first time ive ever asked for a refund and walked away .
food 4 decor 5 ambiance 5 service 4 value 3 5 .
i have tried to order from this place twice but no one answers the phone and the link on the website to order online from seamless says taqueria diana is not currently open on seamless i guess i will never know if the food is any good .
great food drinks and desserts really affordable .
meh overpriced for the soso everything .
fabulous decor prompt service delicious food in reasonable portions ill come here again the next time im in philly .
pathetic food total waste of money very very expensive service was also not good .
good vibe great selection of sharing plates that suit everyones cuisine preference i was a fan of the lamb flatbread beef kebab cheesesteak egg rolls and the tuna tartare .
this place has the honor of being the worst pizza i have ever had frozen store bought pizza is head and shoulders above this there was too much cheese not enough sauce and the cheese it had was bad i couldnt even finish the slice .
so you walk into what appears to be a regular crappy diner and the elevator in the back brings you to a pretty awesome roof deck covered  space make for availability regardless of weather awesome spot .
food was ok but could have been better chicken was dry on my chicken salad i also tried the red stone pizza and that was a little better kind of an olive garden level of experience .
this is one of my favorite spots in the rittenhouse area it is a hip fun hangout especially the rooftop lounge in the summer their cocktails are awesome the food is very good .
perhaps it was my menu choices and the fact that it was a quiet night in late august i dont know but i found the food very greasy and unsavory the ambiance is nice .
the calamari salad is to die for and has been chosen for the show the beat thing i ever ate their entire menu is  .
wouldnt recommend blah crust resembles papa johns and other fast food pizza joints .
great mac and cheese .
the food was okay the service was decent however a few  later i was in alot of pain the food made me sick i will not eat here again .
i really like this place their chicken tikka masala is out of the world beats indian restaurants hands down .
went here for breakfastbrunch we both got omelets part of my omelet had raw egg whites and my home fries looked and tasted like they were marinated in oil overnight the toast was good though if you come here i would recommend the toast .
theyre brunch is amazing and affordable and their mixed drinks are wonderful  and tasty as well ive had the astronaut   and something pink they were all good wonderful interior decor as well lots to choose from here .
do yourself a favor and dont go during busy times the owners refuse to have a wait list and constantly skip people when you call then on it they get really angry i doubt i will be back .
ive been here a few times for a stephen starr restaurant the meals are pretty affordable and there is a lot to choose from and of course continental is known for their fun atmosphere and rooftop bar good place to bring friends who are from out of town .
poor quality staff inattentive place unclean .
the asian chicken salad was huge totally worth the cost the atmosphere was cool trendy and very comfortable but we did have to wait a bit longer than we hoped to place our order .
after going here for many years i had a really disappointing few experiences ownership didnt seem to care i wont be going back bummer .
really cool atmosphere delicious food over all great  .
did not honor our reservation were not accommodating after we waited almost an hour for our table after the reservation time clearly not a  establishment and not worth my time .
the drink to get is the astronaut with tang on the rim lobster mac and cheese is a must so good i also like their philly cheese steak egg rolls with a ketchup and  sauce theyre good but i wouldnt say theyre a must have .
stopped here after going to the  for some wedding planning fries were decent but not typical diner fries the hot chocolate was also subpar .
shared 4 small plates with my girlfriend loved 2 and liked 2 interesting decor definitely worth it to check out .
ok diner food not cheap enough for me though id rather not spend 10 on a cheap diner lunch .
great  located in the rear of the restaurant on the second floor separate side entrance to this bar food is  swinging bird chairs is a must many sweet brunch selections nutella on toast stuffed french toast fried  fritters highly recommend .
the female server with long dark hair totally talked crap about me in spanish while i was standing right there sorry but this place just aint worth that to the barista in question people understand more than you think they do thanks .
second time back to this place yummy thai tacos and udon soup loved the hawaii 50 cocktail finished with the small but satisfying pineapple upside down dish very cool decor great for groups and after work drinks .
the food was standard no frills the food took a long time to prepare even though the place was empty there is no ventilation in the place so if you want food get it to go .
i really wish they took reservations but the food is always great and and fun place for brunch as long as its not too crowded .
this place is clearly a bar the food and the service sucks the waitress took my money off the table before she gave me my check do not bother humiliating your self the worst i ever visited .
came here to begin a girls night out and it was perfect the tapas style meant we could try a little bit of everything plus we got a pitcher of martinis which was fabulous the atmosphere and decor are awesome ill definitely be going back .
eh not so hot the pizza wasnt so great the sauce was super thick with huge chunks of tomato the garlic knots were bitter ill probably have garlic breath for a year now the hubs likes the sandwiches here but i wont be back for pizza .
one of our favorite places to sit at the bar on the roof have a drink or two and a few small plates the bruschetta is very good as are the french onion soup dumplings service usually pretty solid and drinks usually good .
the size of slices are enormous but sauce is not that good .
keeping it simple and sweet try the cheese steak eggroll and ahi tuna you wont be dissappointed .
how racist can one place be just because we werent asian the racist treatment we received was surprising to the core the waitress was still decent but the hostess was beyond abysmal what a let down .
good food good service only downside was that theyre so quick with bringing food out that we wanted to cancel an order 2 minutes after ordering and they wouldnt let us because it was already being prepared technically not their fault .
 tastes soso and choice for dishes is also  .
i really do love this place interesting drinks good food awesome atmosphere .
food was so so but cashier in this restaurant she was the  host ive ever met in ny i wouldnt go to back there because of her and i wouldnt recommend there to any of my friends because of her shitty costumer service worst night ever .
went for drinks only great selection of mixed drinks but still a solid beerwine menu for those not into the mixology .
if u had tried the tofu houses in new jersey dont come too salty not fresh once of a try is enough .
i dont normally like places like this a little too nice for my tastes but they had  ipa which is always a good sign .
went here once and loved it brought my girlfriend this past week and we both got food poisoning that lasted days positive that the poisoning came from this meal never again .
a bit pricey but always fun .
service 15  against  tried to move us to a smaller table when they werent even busy food 15 insanely salty i ordered the jap chae and could only take 3 bites before i couldnt eat anymore .
we loved this restaurant great food great cocktails and great decorations we would recommend to anyone visiting philly and would eat there again should we visit the city again .
te absolute worst service ive ever had and the sides were disgusting id rather eat cold mcdonalds food than this .
when visit philly i brunch at continental simply the best .
rip off 15 for watery beef tofu stew more expensive than other ktown places poor quality meat poor quality side dishes abrupt waitress .
came back for another brunch this time on a sunday at  or so service was still speedy and without hiccups the eggs benedict i got were cooked just right .
not impressed with the new soondobu did they change chefs or recipe i use to order the beef soondobu mild at the old location and it would still be very flavorful but this time and my two friends agreed the broth was very bland whats going on .
love this place i go here for tapas and drinks recommend the lobster mac and cheese and cheesesteak egg rolls very yummy .
the place looks nice but their foods are way too salty i ended up pouring water in my soup .
really good lobster mac n cheese and continental salad also really great brunch plus the rooftop lounge is awesome .
when you serve a vegetarian beef in what was supposed to be a clearly vegetarian entree you get one star and with a name like tofu house .
another favorite spot in philly great atmosphere food cocktails and people watching blow  in the air while youre there i miss that place .
stopped by for lunch buffett today food was cold and stale dosa quality was nothing to talk about sambar and appetizers were ok but rest of the menu was unappetizing overpriced for the quality they provide .
very funky good food great service .
we went there for dinner pros fried  appetizer was good dosa was not bad cons the service was very slow only 2 waiters on friday night .
service was slow but i loved my tang mimosa and omelet .
my last trip i ordered mixed vegetable curry which was odd big chunks of carrot and squash in a greasy sauce with  rice i asked for spicy but it was bland the toilet seat was missing .
love this place delicious fun and friendly .
if you like the bar scene featured in jersey shore get  about this spot .
great place for a long lunch .
the jersey shore comes to west hartford so five stars if you are a lost cast member from the jersey shore .
pretty nice atmosphere nicer than 2nd and market .
its just a bar you would find in hoboken thats why i didnt really like it no style im born and raised in newark and its not an ironbound bar that i grew up loving and still do just an opinion .
very trendy classic steven starr love the rooftop bar which has an indoor and outdoor section can still enjoy in the winter their happy hour is great 6 specialty cocktails are yummy highly recommend the french onion soup dumplings and cheese steak egg rolls .
i was a big fan of figs until recently apparently the owner went to  and left chef john in charge of the place this chef was very nasty and inhospitable this is in direct contrast to the warm hospitality that we have always received there .
stopped in after checking in downtown on a  cold day food was delish i would patronize again .
i think i ordered the wrong thing because it looked and was pitiful the service is super friendly and feels like a family operated business which also brings to light how badly trained the servers are they are painfully slow im hungry .
went here for brunch a few weeks ago the brunch was awesome and very reasonably priced if youve always wanted to go to the continental but dont want to spend a lot of money try it for brunch sit in the swing seats they are so much fun .
not my favorite meatball sandwich place not sure why but wasnt the best staff were friendly and my sandwich was prepared fast .
i was back in philly last week and visited the continental 3 times they have great food cool hip atmosphere and a fantastic staff best in all the required  love the rooftop bar send you friends youll be a star .
short and simple not very sweet average meatball very expensive and i would never call the staff friendly .
went there for lunch with my wife we got the french onion soup dumplings the vegetarian sandwich and the korean pork tacos each dish was full of flavor decor was nice not too expensive either .
walked in was served with a disgustingly dirty tea pot then a dirty menu then i  it all was dirty and we just walked out .
recently had dinner there tandoori chicken is excellent the giant pile of fries is interesting but intimidating you cannot leave without trying their homemade sorbet brilliant and the drink that has the  garnish twizzle also brilliant .
disgusting bathrooms rude waiters and mediocre food managers need to go to charm school this place needs to be closed down .
big fan of the continental midtown although i only tried the appetizers they were excellent very trendy throw back decor and good service try the roof top sky bar for drinks .
staff was unattentive decor very run down food was good but not great overall not a place to return to stick to take out if you go with this restaurant .
great place to go for lunch or dinner i love the turkey burger lobster mac and cheese and the duck great place to take out of town guests and i love the decor .
noodle  the noodle house was out of the only kind of noodles i really wanted on top of that the customer service was terrible .
i go to continental for breakfast every time im in philly shoestring fries garden omelet burgers mixed drinks lol i can go on i have a special  with this place as i went on my first date here .
long wait for a table very few carts coming around very limited selection good shumai pork and shrimp not the greatest experience .
we went for happy hour and i had two glasses of twizzle sour and sweet and then some of the  martini both were very good and the warm fireplace was nice to sit around cutesy place .
2 12 this is a tourist spot in my opinion good special or prefixe i wish i could give it a higher rating with how nice the people are here but its truly nothing standout .
4 stars for the twizzle the best drink ive had in philly to date if you like specialty martinis i think this place is definitely worth a shot .
disappointing duck was overlooked and dry very salty dishes steak frites sent back due to temperature very small space do not order blueberry dessert no flavor .
as the  person to write a review on this place take a hint and get ur ass over here and try it and dont leave until  had a cheesesteak eggroll and the bar on the third floor is fcking cool .
had the mango duck the duck was overcooked wild rice was pretty bland my wife got the  lobster risotto which was very good service was great more of a place the night we were there the place was packed out with surprisingly loud people in their  .
i love this place especially the basket chairs the waitress and drinks were great i also love the crab cakes a nice place to go out for a first date .
poor food is awful service is good but food is horrible .
their lunch menu is quite a steal with their continental burger and calamari salad as for dinner the lobster mac and cheese is quite good along with the sea bass as for desserts the blonde  is a must .
the service was good and the restaurant is cozy on a cold day however got the steak frites and it was very dry i had asked for it medium rare and it was medium well done pretty disappointing for a french restaurant thats gotten such high reviews .
considering the decor and cuisine its good value for your money and the staff arent annoyingly stuck up so thats even better basically its a trendy restaurant serving interesting cuisine without the attitude .
horrible service was  the waitress was the rudest waitress i have ever encountered my mussels didnt taste fresh at all good thing i didnt get food poisoned .
they have cotton candy as a dessert option .
this restaurant makes my tummy sad .
came here only somewhat hungry and had a great experience the food was very wellprepared and the presentation was  without being too stuffy or formal the hanging  chairs probably were thought through for comfort but didnt get in the way of a great experience .
i ordered a chopped salad which looked and tasted like it couldve been from wendys my wife ordered a chicken parm sandwich which came cold and the cutlets were all breading and so chewy she couldnt even bite through it a true disgrace to all  .
great design of first 2 floors nice music atmosphere 3rd floor can be reached by elevator in the back takes you to a cool bar area sofas around a small  nice bartenders had a great time philly do knows how to party .
food thats ok at best and waaay too expensive a decent place for lunch not dinner if you have a coupon from groupon or  .
fun atmosphere and good food the wait staff here have also always been really great i especially like the lobster mac n cheese and the tuna tartare good drinks too .
food and service were not worth the wait .
very swanky very cool the decor and layout of the restaurant is rather unique and the food and service were great for my visit they also make some fantastic drinks although somewhat pricey .
based on the reviews i ordered a takeout margherita pizza last night the reviews were correct about the sauce and cheese being high quality but the crust was way too thick for our taste ill stick to mancinnis or true north in montclair or star tavern in orange .
the continental cheeseburger is glorious it makes other cheeseburgers very angry and  the only thing that isnt good about it is that it seems to be only available during brunchlunch the other menu items are satisfactory standard steven starr fare .
horribly food worst service stay away from this place wouldnt sit us down had us waiting for close to an hour for our food .
this place is super cool and the bartenders make it happen check out the outdoor section on the roof the  are big be really to eat my favorite dish is the philly cheese steak egg roll its so good you dont need ketchup .
ive been here a couple of times and their food never seems to stack up their desserts are better than their food the service also sucks if you want a better italian restaurant go to  or frank anthonys .
fabulous allaround great rooftop bar great food order and share  the apps theyre all amazing great for groups great service go .
nasty not clean at all staff is very unprofessional prices is slightly higher than normal they dont respect the line .
i heart the chinese chicken salad end of story oh and of course the buzz  martini its orange and made with  could be better .
dont go here there were  found in the food and it was all frozen if i could give it 0 stars i would .
i dont go for the food its the rooftop barlounge you come for there is probably no other place in philly with that kind of setting .
i got sick after .
maybe i was confused but the rooftop bar and the 2 level restaurant seem to have separate  and are not connected anyway i was here on a friday night at the rooftop bar beautiful upscale crowd will be back when im in town .
mediocre at best cuban sandwich was ho hum with parts of it tasting like plastic yellow rice was also no frills plantains were very good if you eat here order from the daily specials list .
i had the glazed duck and it was small portions but very tastey and delicious my date had some chicken thai dish that was good but not enough chicken the desserts were cute and very flavorful the atmosphere is  the experience alone .
this place is gross lady making my sandwich was talking on her cell phone at the same time let me put it nicely i missed two days of work after getting take out from this place .
i think its bullshit that a roof deck on the 4th floor counts as awesome in philly i love the fireplace typical steven starr  i come here a lot .
horrible experience our party 2 people was waiting for  after making a reservation and showing up at the right time and other people came and sat down before us with no reservation i asked  stay away .
love henrys food is always fresh and made on time we order breakfast here pretty regularly only thing is i wish they could deliver best to go breakfast in verona awesome coffee western omelet is great .
what are these tacos for ants .
really really good coffee and fresh food not much else to say besides that definitely the best deli in the area and worth the wait .
entirely and utterly underwhelming .
visiting the city and i found great reviews on pylos it didnt disappoint it was absolutely amazing the food ambience and location were wonderful the appetizers were more than enough for three highly recommended .
poor service from the hostess and bartender the tiny tacos are ok but be prepared to spend .
what a great restaurant and what a great service absolutely fabulous place to be for informal and formal setting food came out quickly warm savory and pleasant presentation i cannot wait to come back again ambiance perfect for friends date or just for the heck of greek food .
there was a 2 hour wait to barrio chino definitely not worth it although the drinks were great i had the tamarind margarita which was tasty but the food wasnt very flavorful i guess id go back for a drink and skip the meal .
greek salad was amazing large chunks of feta lovely dressing beautifully seared calamari and octopus the spanakopita was almost all dough though which is why they lost a star otherwise it was awesome .
ehhhhh place is  cooks are cooking with no light on service is subpar decor looks authentic but the food isnt its a hipster hang out and thats about it .
damn this place rocks like crazy we had a killer meal with avgolemeno saganaki and even octopus that rocked it  was flowing bar is the place to be for seating .
too  very poor service the food is not fresh if you like to wait 30 minutes for some authentic margarita which is actually as good as wherever else then this place is for you and its pricey so make sure you have your cash ready .
great greek food more of an upscale version and fabulous atmosphere reasonably priced for the quality you get and the service is always excellent one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood always enjoy it and always consistent .
better food and service can be found nearby unless you really like attitude oh and waiting to get a reserved seat at the bar then stay and wait and wait and wait .
definitely lived up to the reviews try the tower dessert and roasted peppers appetizer great decor and good service too .
we encountered rude service and food that tasted on par with a taco bell on its peak go elsewhere .
again a fabulous meal that never  that delights and food that is so delish everytime .
the pizza was edible barely the price was right but i would not go back the pizza tasted old and stale .
absolutely delicious authentic greek food and drink warm attentive service and a very nice ambiance the meatballs are a must the octopus was amazing the  is delicious go and take a friend .
overpriced and less than decent food they upcharge 75 for a wrap because the tortillas cost more they will nickel and dime you .
artichoke moussaka is wonderful i love getting a few appetizers to split along with a horiatiki salad to get a nice sampling and keep the price very reasonable .
pretty decent for a quick eat but not really the place to go if youre looking for authentic chinese food .
authentic with a twist i love octopus and i had it several ways here terrific i could have eaten a whole feed bag of the  horta seasoned salad with feta lemon etc wonderful as was the pistachio covered bass loved it all .
i think over time only the good to great reviews for cafe matisse stay on yelp go to the city spring for a bottle 5 stars really no thanks .
i love this place i know greek tavernas and though this place lacks the old country charm like some of the tavernas in queens its got the goods believe me i loved the lamb and grilled seafood bravo .
this place  to be an irish pub but it isnt the food menu as well as execution is pathetic i think i just had the worst cold small reuben in years this place is ok for drinks but keep your expectations low when it comes to food .
this place is amazing the appetizers were delish we had the fried zucchini the octopus and for dinner shirt ribs and seafood pasta the service was awesome food awesome this place is a must eat i totally will be back .
so i ordered the  blanco con  negro ropa vieja everything was bland the shredded steak was watery the only thing that saved it was the  gave it a second chance and  again rather go to sophies less than a mile away .
really great food not typical greek since its more  and fusion but really worth every penny honey braised lamb shank was to die for bean mash greek salad highest class fabulous .
rude management food was ok waitress was nice and the host but i really wont be returning .
excellent food and service order the fish of the day and you cant go wrong br  to reserve especially if you have a large party 4 i have had several dishes here and appetizers which have always been excellent there is something for everyone including vegetarians .
one hour for delivery are you serious worst of all insipid food you tell me i have to wait an hour for great cuban and ill wait but the churrasco tasted like oil what a huge disappointment .
awesome food we especially loved the pepper stuffed with whipped feta amazing great place for a date night .
food was salty and weak drinks the entrance on the corner leads to the bar the restaurant entrance is on the sidewalk the waitstaff was friendly but food wasnt what i expected .
amazing best lamb in nyc  my fiancé who is the  of food snobs out there he loves this place it is worth the wait its best to book a couple days in advance as well the place books up quickly .
tasty food tasty beers nasty service .
always busy cheaper than it should be good wines ask recommendations .
new years party is awful service is so slow theres no dancing and no one is happy about the mixed drinks the ball has not dropped yet and i know i wasted money .
both appetizers and main dishes are amazing love the mingling atmosphere at the communal table never know who youre going to meet manager was really nice and very friendly feels like being home again .
i want to love this place great quiet   vibe but every time im in here the bartender is completely checked out from serving the people sitting at the bar and it takes me 10 minutes to get the check or another round .
i love the design and the  fish is good too you need to make a reservation before you come waiter are nice but just a bit pricy .
i used to come here and last few times the margarita has decreased its size it gives me the feeling that the business isnt going well or not well managed very disappointed .
loved this place cant wait to go back .
i dont get whats so special about this place it gets absolutely over crowded terrible selection if beers on tap minimal good selection the garden out back is fair if you can find a seat .
fabulous food wine great service beautiful decor without being over the top and reasonably priced now this is a restaurant worth trying in ny .
meh overpriced and unfriendly gotta give it up to the bacon bloody mary though .
i love this place very nice appetizers and always hot and fresh fish lamb chops are also very nice the mood and the interior is also well done .
overrated i guess if you get here early enough where you can get a seat it would be nice but that never seems to happen to me .
the food is my favorite type of food great greek salad and and grilled fish and octopus the greek wines were good and the wait staff was very knowledgable overall a great experience .
this is not a bar it is a  of  and pretense staff is  and the patrons will treat you like a  rolled in ants if you try to speak to them man or woman .
nice atmosphere good food good service door bitch on the other hand was dumb as a box of rocks .
awful awful service i hate being mistreated by the bartender and a waitress all on the same visit decent burger and good beer list if you can forgive the terrible service .
the best grilled octopus i have ever tried had the  as a entree happy with my choice great service amazing wine selection .
wish i could say that i had a good experience here but i would be  the service was terrible not to mention a hair in my girlfriends pancakes food is pretty average aside from the fried pickles .
that  honey cinnamon custard amazingness was incredible meatball appetizers were light as air truly amazing lemon chicken soup with orzo was fab only wished the bar included more than wine and beer .
if you like burnt vegetables and waiting 15 minutes for water or napkins look no further the only good thing is the meatloaf and sweet potatoes with cashew sauce if you need to eat healthy come here if theres no where else otherwise stay away .
we had a great time service was great and the food was delicious there were so many things that other guests were having we cant wait to go back and try a few more dishes .
worst 4 person feast ever portions are so small its really only for one person will never order from here again also bad service and the food took so long to be delivered .
after a year came back to this lovely greek restaurant just loving it still great food great wine and great service .
this is only good if you are  to the lifestyle sure roasted plain sweet potato is great for roasted plain sweet potato but if you throw on some butter all the  its a hell of a lot better than roasted plain sweet potato .
great food great atmosphere been here twice with friends and doesnt disappoint highly recommend the meatballs also had the fish which was super tasty service is great and wine suggestions for the meal .
healthy and delicious can be a hard combo to achieve unfortunately this place was healthy but far from delicious my veg loaf and broccoli  were extremely bland for 20 i expected more .
a m a z i n g great ambience fantastic food   im a fan thank you well be back .
the place is okay the portions are small compared to the prices that are charged when i am charged 24 for a plate of meatloaf with vegetables and potatoes i expect it to be hot not cold and hard .
barely 4 stars in my book been here multiple times food and atmosphere is good if you are craving good greek food i would recommend for a nice dinner dinner for two runs 160 problem i have with this place is that i cant remember a standout dish .
well ive never tried paleo before trying hu kitchen so i guess my review is probably a bit  in terms of taste it was quite bland and it was quite pricey although i thought making a wrap out of chickpeas was pretty cool .
one of the best restaurants that i have ever been to highly recommended great lamb dishes .
another place i cant figure out the muffins look like  the hot coffee served in teeny tiny paper cups is lukewarm maybe its for juice nuts this place in that case  on what they do   and salads and dont mix in the other grub .
wow wow  this place simply rocks folks from greek salad to octopus salad dolmades everything is simply amazing i had the legendary lamb chops and i now know why its the  dish highly recommend this place .
confusing disorganized no  to scoop sugar for coffee limited food menu just passed by and wanted to come in for a quick breakfast .
went for dinner with my girl friends on saturday evening perfect experience great ambience nice crowd exceptional service and yes food was superb menu has lots of choices for vegetarians would go back again .
way overpriced and somewhat pretentious food for rich humans maybe i give it six months tops .
beautiful place i came here at the suggestion of my sister i brought her a colleague my 6 year old niece and myself what nice folks what delicious food reservations are key and bring your phone in to take pictures .
simple if you love eating healthy and youre a rich ass  youll find this place acceptable if youre poor or if you dont mind eating  youll find this place unacceptable .
get the grilled octopus this was my favorite part of the entire meal .
as a neighbor i want this place to succeed but today i paid 9 for a bowl of mashed sweet potato with literally about two tablespoons of  i appreciate their good  here but if theres no value its hard to justify coming back .
chicken soup shrimp with orzo yum the service  was a sweetheart and gave great suggestions was very pleasant at lunch and food came out in a timely fashion and the bread is delicious great place .
terrible service waited 20min to be seated with 2 young children when there was clearly many tables available never offered a childrens menu left due to aggravation the hostess was of absolutely no help .
the poached salmon served over  pilaf with sundried tomato and olive sauce was simply amazing i enjoyed every bit this restaurant is an excellent date spot very romantic and also has a unique decor .
ridiculously overpriced childrens menu 9 should get you more than a cup of  pasta with nothing else included .
always a treat my favorite downtown greek restaurant love the oven baked potatoes avgolemeno soup and moussaka had the organic chicken with vegetables on this visit baklava is on its way .
great desserts horribly slow service dont come here if you have somewhere to be later in the day .
the freshest most delicious greek food i have had apparently the tomatoes are hand picked by the chef each day to ensure the sweetest and greatest greek salad experience the lamb chops were stellar as was the fried zucchini and eggplant definitly go .
the staff is very rude and the food is honestly not worth the price the only reason im giving this two stars is because of the beautiful ambience of the restaurant the decor is lovely .
big fan of their food a bit pricey but you pay for what you get .
mediocre at best if you appreciate good chocolate look elsewhere the pieces of hard chocolate that came with my espresso reminded me of cheap easter candy we got the classic fondue and the chocolate was cold .
a lovely greek restaurant in new york city we came to this restaurant due to the wonderful yelp reviews and we were not disappointed great ambiance good service and delicious food we really enjoyed the artichoke moussaka and the stuffed grape leaves .
reminds me of cheesecake factory with better drinks as this place is focused on chocolate it smells strongly of chocolate and this place is probably 80 women friendly service but slow i wouldnt go again unless forced to my  women friends of mine .
this restaurant is overrated the food here is not bad but not 5 stars between the tables are very small  so there is no privacy but let me say that the service was very good the waiter was very attentive and nice .
it is difficult to write a review when you dont get seated arrived 10 minutes before reservation time and 30 minutes after reservation time and still not seated suggest you be prepared to wait or find somewhere else to dine .
no need to get apps here the bread they give you as a starter is amazing i should really know what its called but dont at the moment all i remember was the taste as a main i got the braised lamb shank and it was freakin amazing .
unique place smells great loved my hot chocolate but the service was really really bad the food was ok still it was a fun place to check out with the kids wont go back .
great place great food what else is there to say .
typical chain food nothing to write home about the chocolate items are good and the desserts were good .
big menu cool scene great food we mainly ordered apps going to go back prices were very reasonable .
did not meet our expectations the hot chocolate was barely warm and the chocolate itself was missing something also the desserts were expensive for what you got .
beautiful restaurant especially the pots on the ceiling with great food perfect for a date night .
14 tiramisu was not worth it for that amount of money i expect mindblowing deliciousness save your money .
grilled scallops appetizer was bomb light delicious flavor the mousaka was also very flavorful and had almost a delightful  look the decor was modern with pots on the ceiling for a nice touch waiter was knowledgable and the atmosphere classy ill go back .
cake was very dry although i was sitting at the counter i had to ask for water three times the product did not meet my expectations i was expecting something great .
pylos is amazing we ordered several apps and entrees and every single dish was beyond incredible cant wait to go back definitely a great dinner option for below  street .
horrible expensive loud and bad service the dessert which they are known for was not even good .
best greek restaurant in manhattan will definitely visit again soon .
overpriced hot chocolate and dessert nothing special to me .
grilled octopus nough said .
max brenners in philadelphia is nothing like the max brenners in new york city first the staff was rude and unattentive .
loved this place ordered the grilled octopus grilled whole fish and vegetarian moussaka looking forward to going back .
good food slow service and the place was not crowded went with 2 kids they only had 1 kids menu for the whole place weird nothing to rave about wont go back customer service needs work from everyone not just wait staff .
their grilled octopus was amazing well cooked and  tender also along with everyone elses comment definitely order the lamb chops and the lamb shank overall excellent service and great dining experience .
service sucks to the max go to do max brenner a favor by  his pocket did not feel like leaving a tip but still did 15 as wait staff was apologetic the chocolate tasted okayish nothing to be talked about not going back not worth .
pylos is delicious really tasty greek food so if thats your thing then you should check it out at least once the only down side is that its a little pricey but i believe its worth it high quality food .
i wont go into all the details but the service was slow over an hour to get apps and the food was overpriced 14 for a burger and 4 fries yes 4 .
love octopus is delicious unpretentious and cozy .
overpriced oversweetened overrated .
i  last night whit my girlfriend the service was very professional and fast the food was amazing we order almost all the cold and hot appetizer and we loved all thanks pylos to make our date soo fantastic cant wait to came back .
i came back for dessert to allow them to redeem themselves overpriced too sweet hard waffle served with a tablespoon of icecream fail .
finally went here after wanting to for years a very very very delicious meal my favorites were the  appetizer fried lightly served with  the lamb and the beet salad great wine great ambiance excellent service ill definitely be back here yum .
family went for dinner and the service was really bad we kept having to ask for silverware and water one entree panini was burned and they even forgot to put in one of the entrees it wasnt even busy go for dessert only .
love it once we ate so much here we felt like dying but it was worth it .
the people that call this place the best in the city have no taste buds the steak is dry and old there is  of cooked steak just sitting there they scoop into a roll not recommended if you want real steak or freshness .
the portion of octopus was very small the side dishes are all al la carte the bronzini and  were excellent its definitely a rating .
whole lot of bread very little meat the meat wasnt very seasoned either i was really looking forward to this place as its close and had good reviews unfortunately i was disappointed overall i thought it was bland and just ok .
my greek heaven i have a personal mission to try everything on the menu which is sure not to disappoint enjoy .
better than genos and pats yes but then again genos and pats are trash for the ones looking for the best cheesesteak steves in the northeast is where you want to go .
excellent in every way food atmosphere service etc highly reccommend for great greek food .
they came highly recommended to me but i was not a fan of their cheesesteaks tasted more like steakums to me .
terrific greek place with mouthwatering food one of the best greek restaurants ive been to .
good bread good peppers and good service but we didnt like the steak chopped up like ground beef tony lukes and chinks now known as joes are much better .
really great food and the decor clay pots everywhere is cool .
sorry i dont see it here it was good years ago but they changed its a dated building they do have out side sitting ill give them that steak was gray and to finely chopped no parking there are better places then this .
if you can get in you will enjoy a fabulous meal and great ambiance pylos really did it right my husband and i are regulars the horiatiki salad is a must .
way overrated still better than genos though i got the cheesesteak with peppers and the peppers did not taste fresh at all .
 was great same with braised lamb shank .
the steaks are chopped up extremely fine and as for the bread well the sandwich is really really soggy out of all the pop cheesesteak places this is my least favorite i think most people like it because it is a well established place to like .
best place on the planet great date night ambiance is  here .
honestly i was disappointed the meat was dry and there was hardly any cheese boring and not worth the wait or the far drive .
one of the finest restaurants in town true greek cuisine .
the emperor has no clothes .
i highly recommend this place it was a beautiful meal very fast friendly service welcoming decor not too crowded on a sunday morning reasonable prices just a good time okay okay .
very rude staff very rude standoffish and snotty i try to avoid this place .
its one of my favorite greek restaurants in nyc i love the atmosphere quaint and the food is consistently amazing its a great place for a date and equally appropriate to meet friends im obsessed with the octopus definitely check it out if your in the neighborhood .
i ordered delivery and it definitely fell in the ground with no apology not worth it .
it doesnt get much better than this although i enjoyed my lamb shank entree id recommend ordering a bunch of appetizers instead the grilled squid and artichoke lasagna we ordered were amazing the chocolate mousse was great as well if you have any room by then .
not bad pizza but poor customer service they were disorganized and didnt make some of our order until we asked about it i guess we should expect that from a hole in the wall pizza place .
best greek food in nyc the horiatiki is perfect the lamb chops are amazing the seafood pasta with the  sauce is one of the most innovative flavors ive ever had been eating there for years will never stop loving it go there if you can .
no those big puffs of fried dough with powdered sugar on them in the window dont taste any good keep walking .
the greek salad is to die for love this place great service too .
good pizza is hard to find in philly and this is not the place very very avg only if you are very hungry and need fuel to exist .
fantastic place very tasty menu one dish better than the other great for 4 people i recommend sharing dishes to have a real greek experience the whole fish grape leaves  and the greek salad are my favorite dishes .
yo zio i ate nothing for a week on the master  when i could have eaten at zios and one hour later  the contents of my entire g i tract cheers to you zio for this service to humanity .
lovely dishes and great atmosphere perfect for a summer meal .
this place is such a major disappointment food was terrible service was pleasant but incompetent and slow had a 100 gift certificate our bill was around 50 but didnt bother to wait for the balance of the gift certificate back since we never plan on returning .
shared the lamb shank short ribs and stuffed chicken all were fantastic ambiance was great and they actually have the perfect level of service this place is a win all around good on you guys keep it the same .
service was fine but food was lacking pasta was over cooked salty and nothing special .
great .
if you live in new york you better avoid this restaurant because for the same money you can find much better food service is soso interior design is attractive which actually  us to come .
glorious greek grub i hated lamb until pylos ive never heard of moussaka until pylos see a  here .
due to the overwhelming stars and reviews we stopped in for dinner snubbed by the host we left and wandered across the street to la bella  the food wine wait staff and owner were fantastic pass on benito go to perfection .
this greek restaurant is amazing we had the saganaki lamb chops and lamb shank everything was so delicious i also loved the clay pots hanging from the ceiling this is one of my favorite restaurants including greek and  .
monday night 2 pre fix dinner  appetizer spaghetti was small just ok then lastly should cant second came 2 the steak which was just a thin dead slap off meat 2 the fish was under cooked totally not worth 60 .
absolutely a solid meal i had the octopus squid and meatballs and enjoyed every bite my waitress and hostess were lovely and made lunch seem like it was very well spent nice place to take a date or gather with a close friend .
ordinary cheesy little italy joint unspectacular food .
amazing greek food wonderful service lovely  and reasonably priced .
this place is absolutely disgusting im not a picky eater at all and i was so disappointed how can you mess up pasta they sure can dont waste your time .
pylos continues to amaze and delight we stuck to our favorites of lamb shank and braised short ribs and left with the most sublime  .
4 stars is crazy understaffed sandwiches with 2 slices of meat for 12 and way loud music i wont be back youve been warned .
been here a few times and was never disappointed the baby lamb chops with  is really good as well as the ribs i love the atmosphere as well especially the clay pot ceiling great food and decor service is wonderful too .
if you like a beautiful looking place with martinis the size of a shot glass and bad service then this is your spot i will not be back .
not as good nor as cheap nor as plentiful as taverna  in astoria but it is pretty good for manhattan with a nice classy romantic atmosphere to boot .
i came here for a birthday party on a friday night while i liked the space drink menu and games the waitress was unpleasant maybe she was overwhelmed but thats not an excuse after a few rounds we went next door to whiskey brooklyn .
everytime i go the food decor ambience and service are all 5star the wine is alright but everything else allows for the 5 stars totally cool for a group too yum .
the sound system here in the basement is the worst if it werent for that this place would have 5 stars from me .
amazing little neighborhood restaurant in an interesting neighborhood cozy but not cramped personal service and the best greek food i have ever eaten will definitely be back .
you know great place to kick back with a small group on a thursday night but they rejected my yelp coupon told me it wasnt a legit coupon and they didnt have a deal with yelp disappointing .
great service tasty food and cool spot recommended .
little bar good atmosphere i like the basement that is pretty cool and has some good electro from time to time .
very good option for greek food the veggie mousaka and greek salad are very good i would recommend this place the restaurant is a bit crowded and you usually need a reservation a good option if you are in the east village .
nice place good atmosphere beer selection cocktails and food truly abysmal service we were ignored by waitress order forgotten .
amazing excellent service best greek food nice atmosphere and decor .
great location however coffee not good tastes like something you get at 7 eleven and very expensive i am a small world customer and wanted to give another local store a chance sorry will not be back .
excellent service in a very nice setting and the food is quite good we had lunch here and the ingredients that were chosen were tasty and fresh greek salad and tzatziki were to die for .
i ordered one cup of hot chocolate cost 5  but personally i am not really satisfied a bit overpriced for its quality the taste of chocolate is not strong enough just like ovomaltine however i like ovomaltine even than this drink here .
love the octopus lamb shank everything is very very good and great service little pricy for the neighborhood but worth it .
soso coffee especially for what you pay didnt have one but the pastries look great .
great place would absolutely go back love it .
the food was completely insipid and had no flavor at all we were surprised the place had so many good reviews since we had 3 small plates and none of them tasted good wine selection was okay and service wasnt bad but the food was awful .
best greek restaurant that i have been to amazing waitstaff food decor wine everything i went here once with fiance and  cant wait to go back .
this place has been closed for quite a while .
great food good wine list the most original greek food ive found in nyc i cant say anything bad about pylos and ive said a lot bad about other nyc  .
this place blows the least extensive menu i have ever seen over priced no pizza no burgers no spaghetti this place has clean restrooms good place to do a dump and run .
very cute place with great food and outstanding service we had fish meat octupus and desserts everything was delicious and authentic make reservations way in advance .
sat outside for brunch they were able to seat us right away service was great found a hair in my food and sent it back manager came over to apologize which was appreciated food was very average dont think well come back .
beautiful restaurant delicious upscale greek food first class service great place for a date .
good service cocktails subpar  lacking flavor across the board we tried a little bit of everything not one dish was good .
so goood small cute place ordered the artichokes for appetizer and the rack of lamb for entree both were amazingggg even the complimentary bread they give you in the beginning with the hummus was delicious .
dont know why the yelpers were so off on this one the menu looks great but the execution is  worthy at best overcooked meat literally swimming in oily water completely uninspired .
great greek food very good wines and excellent service .
 stingy pours of 16 cabernet sauvignon by the glass was a ripoff and left a sour taste in my mouth the food was average i wont be back .
i love this place .
i had brunch here and i was expecting so much more from the recommendations and reputation i had the huevos rancheros and my gf had the scrambled eggs with smoked trout neither of us finished our meals never coming back .
nice decor friendly wait staff dessert was great .
we expected more it was just ok nothing special we had a party of three in a saturday late morning waited 35 minutes cookshop is overpriced .
overall food was pretty good the grilled octopus was the highlight for us but the steamed whole bass was a bit overcooked will come back again when im in the mood for rustic greek food .
sorry not a big fan i dont know i mean how do they charge so much food and have a bunch of hispanic guy working as their  .
as good as they say get the chicken it is like heaven on earth the salads are authentic just cut vegetables with light olive  type dressing and so are the spices on the entrees best greek restaurant ive been to outside of greece .
decent burger however the bun fell apart the first time i picked the burger up so therefore a 2 rating .
love that greek restaurant amazing  grilled octopus and traditional greek salad my favorite greek place in ny .
the chef salad was very disappointing service was good .
great food and service .
i thought the food was hit or miss enjoyed our appetizer chicken liver pate on toast but thought our lamb and halibut entrees were mediocre fun casual lively atmosphere though .
delicious and just so charming this place has it all great wines and service only  the exquisite food the romantic vibe and appetizing  set the scene for a great meal it only gets better after you sit down and begin enjoying whats on the menu .
cookshop joel  from the 2008 wine food festival white pheasant bratwurst with new crop apple sauerkraut and brown ale mustard you get a chance to  your  and served um a glorified hot dog yeah .
the food was amazing grilled shrimp salad and lamb shank were delicious the bestest were the  incredible  sp and the grilled 3 greek cheese go there i loved it .
the food here is good and i love the design of the dining room and the open kitchen area however it can get a little noisy and the service is a bit  .
one of my favorite restaurants in the east village love the atmosphere great value solid menu all around tough to get in sometimes but they usually have space at the counter in the back .
this is the second time i was there the food is good but not for the price they were not very friendly the last time and this time they were the same i will not be going back and would not recommend this place to anyone .
good food i went a little late with my wife so most of the seafood and chicken options had run out but the food was very good .
in short a lot of money for mediocre food the fried zucchini wasnt very good we should have sent it back the salmon that i had was a childs portion for 30 it wasnt good tasted greasy needless to say we wont be back .
love this place one of my favorite greek restaurants outside of astoria .
wanted some authentic kabob got some mix of  place needs an identity or what i thought it was going to be it wasnt very over priced for what we got not kid friendly it was clean and upscale looking but the food was blah .
great place love the ambiance the clay pot ceiling is definitely an original touch and makes you feel  to a greek  the food was beautifully presented and delish .
mediocre food and   music .
wonderful decor excellent food at reasonable prices definitely worth returning to .
everything is burnt i always try and take another try because there was one day one loaf ages ago that wasnt burned and tasted good but since then bread scones you name it black and bitter on the bottom .
fantastic foods and service the lamb and desserts are wonderful .
why is there no seating .
best greek in nyc .
i didnt love the grits they were lukewarm the toppings cold the pesto sauce overpowering the price overwhelming .
the lamb shank was excellent the service was wonderful and the atmosphere warm and inviting very cozy everybody in our party of six agreed we would love to return for an  .
pizza was burnt this place is overrated dont believe the yelp reviews over priced everything from the beers food dessert waiter was chill that was the only good thing never again .
very good just too expensive .
although this place is delicious its incredibly overpriced especially for the small portions you receive i went here with my bf for his birthday during happy hour and we still managed to spend over 100 and we were still hungry complete bummer .
my friend and i met here for drinks and apps the other day it was wonderful the prices are very reasonable and the food and wine are delicious .
over priced two scallops 11 pizza burned on rim and soft undercooked in center very small meal portions which are over priced never again .
im big on atmosphere and this place is just beautiful its pretty small for a restaurant but really cozy and well decorated the food is authentic and delicious too i highly recommend coming here on a date .
went for dinner with friends the food was only soso portion sizes are perfect for an additional meal about an hour after you leave here nothing special not even the service with an attitude .
i loved this place incredibly authentic food utterly delicious and a great atmosphere .
food is ok but they take for ever had to walk out without my lunch after waiting a half an hour for my sandwich .
great neighborhood restaurant the food is as delicious as the romantic yet unique atmosphere in a city with a million restaurants this is a local spot ive already returned to .
this place sucks they advertise their  loaf ice cream but once you are seated they inform you its carry out only the waitress  the seats and then the table with a dirty rag it takes forever to be waited on go somewhere else what a disappointment .
one of nycs better greek restaurants with an east village downtown vibe octopus greek salad and fish dishes are excellent usually crowded so make a reservation .
the service here absolutely sucks i was seated then waited 20 minutes for service and no one came by we left without eating the place is pretty dirty .
it was good i would go back and recommend it .
slow service good ice cream .
great great great the food was superb the hostess a doll the waiter on top of it and the management was so kind love it recommend it will return .
food was horrible when i went the pancakes werent even good .
great atmosphere great prices delicious food and friendly staff ive had the cheese appetizer greek salad chicken entree and the  pastry they were all spectacular .
parking is lame poor service the waitress are kind of rude but the food is really good i try to avoid this ihop .
food was delicious especially the dessert phyllo stuffed with custard with honey on top .
unfortunately not a pleasant experience for many years now i try to avoid this ihop as service is very slow i have been seated for close to 20 minutes before they even approach for drinks order .
so so good loved everything from the fresh warm pita to the octopus jumbo shrimp and the best greek salad ever .
this place is so dirty its unbelievable a portapotty is probably cleaner than this entire establishment utensils are horrible place needs to be updated asap floors are disgusting service takes forever .
great food and atmosphere would have to go a second time and try another plate to give it a 5th star .
sandwich theory is a definite skip mediocre food and in a  i wanted a egg sandwich to go quick right nope 20 minutes to fry an egg and put on bread .
i just came back from this place and had to immediately  a review excellent simply put the food service and atmosphere was impeccable i highly recommend this place make sure you try the  giant beans appetizer .
food was good but my poor husband had gotten really ill after eating here maybe not related but seemed like food poisoning would never eat there again .
delicious authentic greek food in a rustic setting food is on the pricey side compared to many of my favorite ev spots but that doesnt mean that its not worth it a great date spot .
ive been waiting for my delivery for almost 2 hours what a bummer im starving and the folks at the restaurant seem totally confused id love to review the food but it never arrived food just arrived ice cold  .
great food the flavors immediately took me back to the food i enjoyed very much in greece not too many vegetarian options but a few nice appetizers plus the huge complimentary bread and dip helped tip make reservations .
food was good but service was subpar when we were seated the cutlery hadnt been washed and our server asked repeatedly if we were ready for the check while we were still clearly eating there are a ton of other great places in that neighborhood .
amazing and not like it says here you can eat well for if you want .
very bad service and  not kind at all and very  not  at all to avoid .
probably the best greek restaurant ive been to the spreads were terrific as was the fish nice space as well the clay  ceiling is interesting wo being overbearing and the rest of the restaurant is decorated tastefully overall a relaxing atmosphere w tasty food .
pho doesnt take 30 minutes the food was very ok spring rolls and pho but the service was slow and indifferent with the overwhelmed manager as the exception .
sooo soo soooo good the decor service and the food were all great looks as if other reviewers did their part and explained in details why this place has over 200 fantastic reviews  it up pylos .
horrible delivery service it took 1 hr and 20 mins for them to deliver called the restaurant poor customer service and very rude food mediocre very disappointed .
can you say octopus best ever as good as the dinners are i suggest sitting at the bar ordering appetizers savor their bread and dip .
loud music the whole meal lobster pad thai tasted off left a whole lot very disappointing .
i dropped in while in the neighborhood it was a terrific experience the staff recommendations were right on from drinks to dining i had a fantastic appetizer and a wonderful entree i will return anytime i have an opportunity .
they didnt have any concept of spicy the mussels in our tom yum seafood soup was a little too fishy tasting the chicken pad thai which you would think would be a staple dish was rather bland the chicken cashew reminded me of chicken  .
yum the food here is good great little plates for sharing and a lovely atmosphere it is a little pricey if youre not coming here on a corporate card but definitely a must try .
the second worst pho i never had in my life .
 good .
service pretty lousy we almost walked out after waiting nearly a full hour for our food food decent but nothing wild i hated my noodle bowl better choices in hells kitchen .
favorite dish pork shank .
i ordered the yang steak medium its pretty horrible i got a well done low quality small pieces steak .
the best  ever and the  was perfectly baked with a creamy spinach filling service and decor was very good too .
returned here again bc my friend was hosting a    same as before but this time meat was better not as overcooked still same 3 pieces of meat  was better this time and noodles were good but that doesnt really justify the pho bo tho .
i wasnt too sure what to expect but the food was awesome and atmosphere was great .
some  are not meant to be for a restaurant this is one of them way too small inside barely an  to walk through from the door to the back the tables are cramped and seating is tight not for me .
had a fantastic dinner at the communal table great wine selections loved the dips  grilled octopus lemon potatoes .
dirty outdated and dark i didnt stay long enough to order food i couldnt i walked in and was the only person in the restaurant besides the three people working no one said a word to me for five minutes and i got up and left .
great apps and affordable wine great for small parties or a quiet night out for two .
poor quality italian food appetizers no taste what so ever calamari was bland and chewy clam sauce over linguine tasted like canned chewy clams in a bad tasteless marinara sauce nicolas sorry but you need to fire your chef .
hands down best greek restaurant in the city the grilled octopus is awesome thank you .
really not the best italian food i had we ordered 4 different meals and all four were bland as for the fried calamari nothing special i expected more .
had a great dinner here at pylos and love the atmosphere being a vegetarian i had a artichoke vegetarian moussaka delicious also the greek salad was huge and amazing i would go back again and again .
pizza had no flavor very greasy sauce was bland not impressed their square pie is good would not recommend their regular pie .
difficult to get in and those  pots on the ceiling look like might fall but food so good appetizers more interesting than  isnt that always the case i love the beet napolean thing in particular .
overrated sicilian slices were good but not great garlic bread was greasy sub was ok nothing outstanding service was nonexistent not worth seeking this place out after seeing flattering yelp ratings .
delicious food and great ambiance service was good we ate 5 or 6 small plates and the cheap white wine was refreshing and different definitely get the  meatballs and the phyllo pastries yumm .
they are known for their square pie it was tasty nice thick crust otherwise it is a regular run of the mill pizza joint their website is a bit deceiving .
excellent food prompt service very reasonable two thumbs way up .
nothing spectacular too pricey for a regular taste small portions and regular place .
best greek restaurant i have ever been to simply amazing beautiful decor very modern take on greek but still has the traditional greek flavors im greek my favorite dish was the roasted red pepper stuffed with feta cheese you must try this dish i will definitely go back .
i had the rice with chicken and sausage for dinner and empanadas as an appetizer i found the food to be mediocre and bland there was barely any meat with the rice and the empanadas were dry however the service was very good .
pylos is a really special restaurant i have spent time in greece and this place is the real deal .
we had a groupon and a living social tried it two separate times and both had the same results the food was very bland no taste and the skirt steak along with other food was very dry not for me wont be coming back .
appetizers and the lasagna are amazing i always get the three dipping sauces and then add on 34 other items to complement very affordable great decor good drink selection service has always been excellent and ive always been able to get a seat at the communal bar .
i have experienced better and it was way over priced for what it was .
pylos is delicious a great atmosphere and nice service i would have liked to sit at the communal able but didnt know about it until we walked in you absolutely need a reservation the greek salad boring i know was amazing as was the lamb and the octopus .
so so very noisy they should put big parties in the back to reduce noise our appetizers and our main dishes lacked flavor very bland very disappointing .
best greek salad very fresh great service they have clay pots that like the ceiling you really can picture your self in greece short of the   yummmy .
crab cakes are horrible should have know better than to order them but took the chance because i am a crab cake fanatic french fries are frozen and tasteless my companion said the burger was good so the 2 stars are based on the burger review only .
went here last night for dinner and it consistently delivers considering it was labor day weekend and the place was packed for those with reservations that has to be a good sign i ate in the back at the communal table this place does not disappoint .
why do they call themselves a café when coffee isnt listed on their menu more of a pub with overpriced food service was spotty the day i went there though they do have a woodstove .
this place sets the bar for an excellent eat village culinary experience i recently celebrated my birthday here with my family there was  for every one the food is fresh and savory the ambiance is great .
great food and excellent beer selection service is blah be wary of the attitude that some of the wait and bar staff have .
lovely little plates nice wine selection manages to cater too a wellheeled older crowd large groups and wellheeled hipsters simultaneously without being a complete  scene .
surly service mediocre food good beer we came from seeing a movie at the ritz should have gone to the  is much better anyway i can see how this place might be acceptable if you live in the neighborhood but it is not a destination .
best greek food i have had in nyc .
average food but im giving them 1 star for their awful service worst delivery service ever unprofessional and  after they delivered the wrong pizza to me never again .
this restaurant is amazing all i ask you to do is eat the duck the decor is nicely done and  in not making you feel claustrophobic in the small space .
the pizza i got didnt even have sauce on it and im pretty sure the cheese wasnt real each slice is a rip off at 3 50 .
love this place great date place cool environment i always prefer sharing a bunch of apps with people than having to  to a main they have lots of great small plates and apps to choose from .
during my first week in new haven i ordered pizza from  polo and it never came even worse i called back after waiting an hour and a half and no one answered the phone i went to sleep angry and starving that night never again .
great greek indulgence beats the offerings of   handsdown .
the food here is  our meal was bland and not fresh the service was very good there is much much better italian in philly .
my all time favorite when i visit from sf every dish i have had is amazing wait staff are lovely i drool about this place at my desk it gets messy .
mediocre food at best very spotty service by heavily   waiters this is an italian  figure very noisy .
i loved the way to restaurant is decorated it makes you feel as if youre somewhere in the greek isles the food is great i enjoyed the moussaka the melted cheese dish and the christos was a perfect ending will definitely try again when im in ny .
terrible experience food sucked service was awful and slow and the heat was off in the middle of winter seriously go to camden to the olive garden .
finally a delicious and affordable greek joint downtown food is always delicious owner christos goes out of his way to have a word at your table beautiful cozy interior not too fancy perfect for the ev .
mediocre food service attitude keep looking crispy oysters hidden in overwhelming batter house roll finished with nasty spices that block any flavor of fish not much flavor to fish come to think of it room temperature sushi isnt high on my list for good japanese .
we had a perfectly wonderful time here the service was great and the food was delicious plus its byob so its inexpensive we will be back .
marginal food bad service rude management will throw away gift certificate and eat elsewhere basically just horrible in every way .
the best bagel place on the planet .
this place is the worst for online orders waited over an hour for my order and i had to canceled since it was taking it so long is you offer a service make it work .
a bit overpriced but honestly so very delicious they have coupons in  so look out for them im a new yorker so ive had many of bagels its no h and h but its good they could have better hours .
oh hey you took the vegan shakes off the menu and a few other vegan options too thanks a lot sketch whats that you say you still have a veggie burger on the menu sorry i can get one of those pretty much anywhere smell ya later .
so simple but soooooo delicious im here at least once a week not expensive and always usually pretty busy which is a good sign native new  so ive had my fair share of bagels and these are by far my fave .
this place sucks horrible service  food and rude employees that give you that im in a  vegan food joint attitude avoid the seitan at all costs sweet potato fries are also horrible avoid the hype save your hard earned money .
haiku the service is fast this breakfast wont be my last the pancakes are great cant say the same thing about the bagels very hard stale as can be .
the burger menu decor service and spirit were great but the taste of the burger meat was definitely lacking i ordered the cyclops burger with the aioli sauce and wasabi sauce also the burger was way tooo greasy .
bagel street is consistent in amazing bagels doughy chewy yet still crisp on outside their bacon egg and cheeses will change your life and  your faith in humanity great prices quick service they just need a frequent  card .
solid burger not worth the wait seated immediately waited 30 mins just for fries then another 20 minutes for a burger that took me 5 minutes to eat ridiculously slow wait staff as well .
the only thing i miss about living in plainsboro is bagel street grill dont let the long line fool you it goes super fast best bagel and bagel sandwich ive ever had and they are huge coffee is good too and the chicken salad is awesome .
not impressed at all 2 for onions guys stop it .
i come here very often great for breakfast or lunch your meal is going to be tasty no matter what you order friendly staff gets very busy on the weekends always a crowd at peak times my only gripe is it is pricey for what you get .
ok this has gotten ridiculous i discovered a penny at the bottom of the shake cup pretty gross down to 0 stars .
the best bagels that weve had till date in central jersey recommend their onion bagels with veggie cream cheese in particular they make your good mornings great .
saturday  went to the  way for a work christmas party  later both my wife and i got sick the next morning i called into work and found out 15 other employees got sick im still checking to see about the other 25 employees food poisoning .
good bagel deli good sandwiches little pricey though lunch will cost between 1012 for a sandwich chips and drink .
last three times i dined here they brought out one persons meal after the rest of the table was done eating good food but not worth the aggravation .
good bagels really love their bacon and turkey wraps the ladies behind the counter work at  speed to get the orders out theyre really on the ball .
its mediocre pho only 2 items on the menu broth was ok a little salty not much of selection in the meat spring rolls didnt just had shrimp no beef they were ok maybe its considered great in ct but would not make it in  .
quite good sandwiches are good breakfast is good it isnt the best breakfast i have had but it is up there we are frequent visitors to this place and the service is pretty decent .
hotel raved about this place not very impressed service was indifferent my eggplant pasta dish was inedible sent it back no effort to make something i could eat paid and left only having limited time in the city a real wasted opportunity .
best one around a shame they dont open until 630 loaded breakfast sandwiches and much more the very berry waffle looks amazing muffins are good coffee refills for 50 cents one .
driver was super friendly pizza was ok needs more flavor in the sauce also pizza gave whole family diarrhea and heartburn .
everything about this place is awesome ive loved everything ive tried incl bagels sandwiches eggs and pancakes special shoutout to the banana pancakes .
terrible server he double charged for guacamole ignored us most of the meal extremely slow service then changed his tip when our credit card bill came he added 10 to his tip absolute fraud food was ok drinks good but the worst service i have ever experienced .
the onion and  bagels are great here the texture is perfect and they go perfectly with the scallion spread the walnut raisin cc is fantastic too try it on a cinnamon raisin bagel the service here is always friendly and the coffee fresh .
very bland ambiance is nice but food is very lacking i would recommend you go across the street to chipotle where food is more flavorful and cheaper .
best bagel this side of the hudson firm crust and doughy inside great variety of the standards and some innovative but not strange flavors favorite order  bagel with veggie cream cheese .
just okay chorizo and pork belly tacos were not very good meat was chewy not flavorful like the fish tacos and the tamale was pretty good drinks were good but expensive service was friendly and good guac was good but could use a little  .
best bagel place i havent been in a couple years since i moved but i can still remember their wide selection of bagels and my perfectly toasted bagel with just the right amount of cream cheese great service too the staff were always very friendly .
beware of the manager kevin handling your food he will also bother you while youre trying to enjoy yourself with your friends and breath down your servers neck which will make you very uncomfortable other than that the foods delicious .
great bagels made from scratch its a little small so on sunday and saturday morning it gets really packed ive never been on a week day .
used to be my favorite restaurant in montclair however the service is miserably bad food takes hours to come and its really not worth the wait .
such a great place for breakfast staff is so nice and the food is always good .
food is good but even after  it still feels cold also has a  odor waiter was too friendly and bordered on obnoxious too expensive for what they offer in terms of ambiance service and food sorry but i am done with fascino .
i had one of the tastiest cheese pie right here at this joint i still cant forget the taste i will go back and enjoy one more time then write more .
food is not worth for the price the service is terrible and unprofessional we ordered chicken katsu it comes chick teriyaki and we ordered vegetable tempura it didnt come to our table we saw with our own eye we strongly wont recommend anyone visit this restaurant s .
great pizza buffalo chicken pizza is to die for .
my previous review was with five stars while reading other reviews i saw many  about unfriendly staff today i experiences that waiters where unfriendly slow avoid this place .
a hidden gem very courteous staff with awesome italian food definitely would come again .
the food was ok the service sucks they throw the food like if youre a dog wont be coming back i asked to speak to a manager and was told there wasnt one .
excellent as usual calamari and brooklyn pizza are great beautiful new  of the restaurant it looks more a restaurant than just a pizzeria but everything comes at a price i heard prices will go up but you pay for quality .
we had the gluten free pizza which was not edible i sent it back to get cooked more barely helped my companion had the regular pizza which he enjoyed .
great pizza love a simple plain cheese pizza eaten fresh at the restaurant best in the area .
seriously bland pizza youd think since they promote a coal fired oven youd get some taste of smoke or something on the other hand my son doesnt like the charred taste of true new haven pizza so he liked it .
joes pizza is our families pizza of choice it is hugely popular with the locals and pretty much packed over the weekend you can read a more complete review on my blog .
pizza ok but at 22 for a small w 2 toppings overpriced for the product ill stick w the usual on  st .
i absolutely love matt maries ive gone three times and each time it gets better i have to say my favorite has been the meatball sandwich special bring back the meatballs they were delicious and i cant wait to have them again .
overrated pizza doesnt compare with the other pizza in the new haven area ive got friends who work there so i wont be completely critical but overall was so excited to try it did and was disappointed .
awesome sandwiches served quick and friendly great fresh bread and ingredients italian  is my favorite .
its  not really authentic thai taste so come with less expectations i ordered red curry veggies thai papaya salad and chicken curry puffs overall the food is less flavor and more sweet .
for how much i didnt like the   the  pastrami i had today was amazing the house made pickles and onions offered a nice balance 23 isnt bad and i bought their groupon so i will definitely be back for many more .
ordered carryout for first time food was pretty good albeit sweet then i found that there was a dead bug in my soup cant be certain but it looks like a roach safe to say i will never eat here again .
amazing breakfast sandwiches and a great option for vegetarians i go there as often as i can and cant wait to hit it up again  .
primarily caters to nonindians a little bland a little  and little inauthentic the  as were bad but their malai kofta was good so hit or miss .
if you love a good sandwich then you will not be disappointed with this place theyre all about the proper rolls and fresh ingredients the unique  dealer keeps me coming back the owners are extremely friendly and you can tell they have a real passion for it .
their chicken biryani was nonsense what they are serving as chicken biryani is chicken curry rice or chicken  or something and is no way close to biryani their mixed tandoori grill appetizer was very good the overall price is a bit higher for what they serve .
excellent food clean dining area and great customer service had a really nice simple dinner with my family matt helped make sure each of my four kids was happy very fast service too .
aloo gobi was fairly bland and didnt come with rice naan was so so overall 3 star food but at 4 star prices 2 stars .
my favorite place to come for breakfast lunch or light dinner awesome place delicious sandwiches and terrific staff love it here .
i love brazilian food especially when you explore beyond the popular steakhouses the food here was just average at best ive had much better brazilian food elsewhere in nyc outside of the food the place is not bad the service was fine the place looks nice .
we stumbled across this place using yelp and were more than satisfied with our choice these sandwiches are the best we have ever had the turkey sandwich creation was one of the best mixes of flavors in each and every bite i highly recommend .
worst brazilian place in queens dont waste your time coming here horrible service arrogant servers .
the sandwiches here are great i want to come back and try them all stopped by for lunch with coworkers and everyone loved it the staff is also really friendly and welcoming we will be back .
this place has ok food but terrible service stopped in one sunday afternoon maybe we caught them on an off day but we wont be coming back to see .
great italian bistro feel to this gem of a sandwich shop marie is a wonderful host with helpful hints as you  a tantalizing menu of favors she can put on a roll a great place for lunch .
great food but horrible attitude if you enjoy abuse from a seriously bitchy host and waiters then this place is for you .
very good sandwiches real roasted turkey great work .
seemed like a neat place when we arrived the food was o k i guess but the wait service is so bad that it ruined the experience the combination of 12 mixed drinks and the worst waiter ive run into in years not good .
amazing sandwiches that fill you perfectly for lunch vegetarian friendly too and marie is always friendly and great .
nice restaurant good service food was sub par with a nice menu but poor execution leaving skin on the fish gross .
awesome sandwiches and always quick the food quality is exceptional and the flavor is delicious the neighborhood is great and needed this place love it .
i was very disappointed in the quality of the food i ordered crab sticks one night and received dry overcook disgusting breading and when i removed the breading the meat inside was horrible .
just had lunch here for the first time amazing sandwiches great prices friendly staff and fun atmosphere all around great experience cant wait to come back .
if i could give this less stars i would this is my second time ordering food from them the first time was fine but this second time there was a long black hair in the food never again .
their menu is great no way to compare to them to hoagies from a convenience store 9 is a bargain for quality ingredients plus fast custom service fresh bread veggie and meat options plus wonderful staff recommend to anyone .
bad food and even worse service .
i had matt maries for the first time last week for lunch at a conference usually sandwiches for big groups are tasteless and lack variety matt maries sandwiches were delicious as a vegetarian i loved the capri but there were a ton of options .
food and drinks tastes horrible waste of time .
had these guys cater a golf event which went perfectly smoothly the sandwiches were awesome holy  the capri was cleaned out .
messed up our reservation the chefowner was rude and made no apologies for his mistake slow service pork chop overcooked and chewy bass portion was a joke 1 inch by 2 for 26 dollars go somewhere else .
great food especially the lamb which was phenomenal our server was the owner john and he knew every single one of the drinks i threw at him best restaurant attached to a hotel ive ever been too .
the food was fine but the service wasnt that great the waiter was completely inattentive and was really slow with everything i definitely wont be going back again they did have a nice cocktail menu though .
one of the best hotel restaurants ive been to mediterranean menu features a variety of pasta meats and seafood dishes that are priced right just when you thought a hotel restaurant couldnt be good this one is outstanding .
the food is not very good i took a burger and it was exactly like the ones i buy frozen at the grocery store to cook them in the microwave for 1 5 minute price was fair for the quality house wine was really good .
perfectly cooked burger excellent dressing for the greek salad small family run enviroment .
ive been there a few times the prices are ok but the service really isnt that good awesome fries though i have no problem going there if everyone in my group wanted to go i certainly wont be taking my girlfriend there on a date though .
delicious food got there 10 or so minutes late for our reservation and had to wait at the back the manager kept coming by to talk to us and made us feel very welcome it made the wait go by very fast service was fantastic .
meh food is inconsistent not impressed at all .
run dont walk such a special place service and creativity are on point rivals any  new american restaurant in manhattan menu is curated to include 34 in each category but nothing disappoints please start serving weekend brunch .
went last night the food was especially terrible would highly recommend taking your 72 dollars elsewhere my dog could cook better than they .
the menu was  table based with simple descriptions that were expanded upon by our lovely server the dishes however blew us away delicate and modern extremely well balanced beautifully presented and totally delicious a true diamond in the rough .
usually you can get a nice meal at this friendly family restaurant however i was served rancid chicken risotto soup been sick for two days chef agreed it was bad but he should of stopped over the table to apologize instead of singing happy birthday to another table .
very hospitable place food is interesting and well prepared one of the best of the park slope restaurants a tad on the expensive side .
came here with my  we are staying manhattan and one boss had heard of this place it way outta the way its not my kind of place food is a little too weird for my tastes .
i cannot believe i got a reservation the day of to this place high end  cuisine that tastes amazing for a reasonable price leaves you  for more  intended the food is just that good .
eh not impressed the food is not too good compared to the price and the service was really poor my pork was slightly uncooked and the popular nacho was not up to my expectations .
we absolutely loved our meal we traveled from manhattan and thought it was definitely worth the trip while its not cheap we thought the food lived up to its price highlights were the snap peas  black bass and bread not one dish disappointed we will be back .
have had dinner here several times and the quality and price are overrated it is a great concept but the food just isnt prepared well the meat is undercooked or chewy and not flavorful many of the dishes are great concepts that fall short in execution .
i just heard that the chef left if youve been there since he left what do you think is it still wonderful .
i was very disappointed as this restaurant is a 4 star one on yelp i dont understand why people like it they serve fried dish not even tasty no  i wont go back they lost me sorry .
seriously as good as it gets the food is amazing each dish was honestly delicious worth venturing out of williamsburg without question was lucky to go on a slow night so spent a long time talking about wine which i love to do .
seriously this place is supposed to be good average food and crappy service guy fieri would probably like it .
deliciousness all around and server josh was a star great vibes great atmosphere and great assortment of seasonal  .
the food is interesting but ultimately gross .
 sea bass udon with uni and a  egg squid with ink  salad with  flakes bread with house made butter all dishes wed have again good beer selection and cocktails they charge 6 for the bread but its worth it well be back .
horrible service horrible drinks and the food topped it off by being inedible and yes horrible first time in ct and first time customer thanks for the crappy experience next time im in ct box 63 will not see me ever again .
amazing food amazing  with truffles and anything they recommend .
had 10am brunch reservations based on sign outside stood outside until 1015 door locked called and women who just returned from vacation stated they open at 11 and she saw us waiting take down the sign and stop taking reservations you cant honor .
was visiting from la and was told by friends i had to check this place out really glad i did super cool spot great friendly staff really interesting menu cool crowd of people just an overall good scene will definitely return on my next trip out to ny .
the drinks here can be nice i like the cucumber  cocktail the food is slightly expensive if you decide to  here for something to eat music can be good or bad they sometimes bring in people to sing live .
nye tasting menu was interesting and at times magical there was a serious problem with pastry every bread item on the menu was served cold and seemingly stale if corned duck  sticks around on the menu it would be worth a return trip .
no restaurant that puts scrapple on the menu deserves to be a restaurant .
really good addition to 3rd ave the weight staff were very nice and super helpful the drinks are delicious and the food was exceptional friendly atmosphere and great local food .
took an hour to get our food then barely edible nan curry pizza server was  sweating and conveniently wiping on his hands yes the hands he was serving us with yuck will never go back again .
food was very good and the service was great the items i thought were a little over priced nice atmosphere though .
instead of medium well i received well done over cooked meat also the size of a 11 dollar burger is a joke fries were gummy and soaked with oil although i did like the overall vibe im not  on going back nor recommending this place to anyone .
outside glorious like a diamond in the rough enjoyable beers .
too bad this place looked cute from the outside had kale salad it was hard to eat because entire leaves were on my plate staff was very nice though hope they change the menu a little bit .
originally posted that i wasnt thrilled with the meal the owner  me via yelp and that was a really stand up thing to do will give it another try thanks .
though this place is newly opened it is a terrible dinner venue the food portions were tiny and the restaurant was freezing given how popular the bar is and how empty the restaurant is i might pop by for a drink again .
i love this place so beautiful great service and food is delicious and unusual we have been twice and loved the bread with  butter the apples in sheep smile yogurt and the  pasta with duck ragu .
disgusting smothered in grease soggy cardboard bread and the crust was  hard as a rock worst pizza ive ever had 711 has better slices .
portions on the smaller side but interesting and tasty mellow i would def go back .
let me start off with this ive lived in the  area for over 20 years and almost everyone i know  this place or thinks its mediocre their pizza is a bit too floppy for me not in the top 10 in this area for sure .
the shit .
decided to pick up a sub on the way home from work tonight one slice of meat and one slice of cheese pathetic .
loved it everything was ridiculously fresh and the dishes were complex and interesting my oxtail pasta was incredible though i do wish the portion was a big larger will be back soon for sure .
i got sick after eating here .
we came on a saturday night for takeout we were the only one here everything we ordered was great the steak special was delicious and the chicken scampi is amazing everything is well worth the price we paid for will def come back again .
i decided to go ahead and order here even after reading these  my order never showed up called and they picked up and dropped the phone on me had to do a charge back to my card dont waste your time here .
great family celebration at   every said the food was great staff made everyone comfortable we will return .
had ordered pizza and soda for delivery and the pizza was ok i felt gross after had 3 pieces the soda was completely flat a whole 2 liter bottle flat waste of money really .
great tomato pie always ask for it well done it wont disappoint the summer pie vodka rigatoni and eggplant parmesan sandwich are my other go tos the service is always excellent too .
gross my roommate and i ordered from here last night it looked a little off but we ate it  painfully  that decision we were both up all night with upset stomachs wasted 20 bucks not happy potential customers beware .
tomato pie thats all you need to know and all you need to order delicious .
this is not mexican food such a disappointment if youre looking for real mexican food just take the drive to new  .
very good tomato pie friendly service .
terrible no other words i cant even imagine where the good reviews are coming from nothing like the one in nutley .
they have the best tomato pie so amazingly good i would avoid the buffalo wings from here though they are probably the smallest wings i have ever seen .
for a saturday night it wasnt very enjoyable crowded disorganized food delivered late and cold this is more a bar with a restaurant rather than a restaurant with a bar .
its official they  the sweetest nicest quickest most considerate drivers i love this place try them for delivery an impression has been made .
im giving this place 2 stars because they made a very good dirty martini it was the highlight of the night apps were cold steak had no flavor id stop by the bar for a drink but i will definitely not eat here again .
great tomato pie its a must have small parking lot so sometimes you need to get creative parking on the side street its a byob and the service has always been excellent delivery is slow considering how close i live to this place .
super spicy food wasnt exactly what i would call special service was nothing special and the ambience was about as normal as  possible .
excellent food .
overpriced hotel food and burnt pizza .
great food awesome service responsive to food allergy requests and they have glutenfree choices .
one more very mediocre italian restaurant both my wife and i felt our food was virtually tasteless from salad to pastas for italian food in this area not worth the time or the money .
great neighborhood pizza place saw the review here and picked up a pie it was good  pizza much better than the chains and very friendly service .
sandwiches were decent deserts tasted as though they came from stop shop platters were great we have saved them and used for other events advice spend less on platter delivery and more on food quality .
everything you could  for in a neighborhood good variety often quite creative and inspired while being consistantly good with the standard italian offerings portions are generous good service byob a nice plus .
this place may taste good but it will give you food poisoning if you have a weak  system beware if you are ok with some stomach issues the following day then go ahead and enjoy the reasonable prices and tasty food good luck and enjoy .
im a fan the chicken steak brunch was perfection will definitely come back for more .
sad i love this place but the cashier pays more attention to people calling to place orders than the people standing there waiting patiently forever disappointed had to walk out .
food was awesome people were awesome a little bit of a wait to just get us menus was kind of annoying and some pretty cramped quarters for sitting but you forget about all of that once you start eating that awesome food .
i got a chicken kati roll and one of the pieces of chicken was raw thats disgusting i will never be coming back here .
delicious biscuits with solid veggie options we had mushroom gravy  greens fried green tomatoes and grits all of which were fantastic also dig the spicy jelly and john and co are super sweet and personable .
taste great why give a one star they have an employee there that  off near my building for a smoke break and always makes a disturbing  animal sound and its really loud .
cute and cozy all the goodness of southern cooking with emphasis on biscuits the shrimps and grits is outstanding but everything is pretty darn good all around i was there for dinner but it seems to be a good brunch place too another great spot by the bridge .
its whatever service is terrible they didnt have the bread ready i waited 15 min for a sandwich that took 30 seconds to make .
great choice you wont regret if youre into traditional food just be aware that you will also be surprised with a little twist of new flavors you wouldnt imagine they could be together so delicious jalapeño jello yes it was delicious .
horrible place smell bad food disgusting and found hair in my roll i told the manager about the issue and he said it was coming from me just avoid this place .
been here twice and both times have been great john and his family are kind and attentive the atmosphere is wonderful and the food is fantasic dined on my egg bacon pickled squash and honey biscuit to frank sinatra this morning and it was lovely .
 dissapointed doesnt live upto the hype average food and small portions shabby interiors and dirty  would not recommend or return .
ive been to this place many times john and his wife are fantastic everything is made in house from scratch the biscuits  fried chicken everything here is excellent and reasonably priced must try this place .
avoid this place bed bugs and bug  junk food might be ok but the place is absolutely disgusting if the sitting area itself is that disgusting god knows whats going on in kitchen i will report this for restaurant inspection .
very good biscuits i loved the mushroom gravy nice little place somewhat out of the way great atmosphere great service .
good roll but pathetic service took an hr to get a roll these guys need some competition someone please open another roll joint nearby with better service you surely make good money .
amazing fried chicken biscuits and really good chicken fried steak biscuit sandwiches i suggest the lemonade apple cider heated .
worst customer service ever  was the person taking the order no courtesy turning away customers the rolls are great but he killed it for all of us a group of 15 terrible for the business .
an adorable little cafe run by two  this is the place to go for a biscuit .
chicken kati room was amazing the guy at the cashier was horrible and rude to me not worth it ill take me business elsewhere .
this restaurant was amazing i had the nettie and the fried  combo was incredible service was great and so was the pear lemonade .
long lines during lunch hard to get seating cheap prices average food there are better places for a kathi roll than this .
simply put this place is so good the buttermilk biscuit is the best ive ever had my favorite meal is the salad with homemade dill buttermilk dressing and fried chicken on top with a biscuit on the side perfect lunch .
the quality has gone bad paneer was old and had a stomach problem rest of the day .
a sweet southern beauty with so much taste and class the biscuits are divine the style is so reminiscent of the south its quaint and charming go youll love it and  to your friends about how cute it is .
shame on them for charging 25 cents for chutney .
warm lowkey atmosphere best southern food in the neighborhood came here with a group of 7 girls on a busy friday night and the service was still top notch .
what is all the fuss about the parathas used are frozen the service is horrible the place is dirty the rolls themselves were lacking in flavor i wont be coming back .
the owner john was wonderful to our party we called ahead and they were able to accommodate a large group in a matter of minutes the food was delicious and the service was fantastic we will be back .
too salty .
its been weeks and im still thinking about the warm biscuits with pear jam this place is where i want to be every sunday with a hot coffee eating a great breakfast a truly delicious and unique addition to williamsburg and nyc as a whole .
omg why is this place so dirty when you step to the tables inside theres so much trash on the floors its  i thought the other store in the village although has no place for sitting is atleast not this dirty .
had the nettie chicken and biscuit sandwich the fried chicken was the best ive had in recent memory and the creamy sauce and bacon were delicious looking forward to trying more .
dont ever go here it took them around 35 minutes for making two simple rolls at two different occasions unless you have all the time in the world skip this nasty and rude establishment .
you must go here its delicious you wont regret it decent prices usually good service never a wait a million times better than pies and thighs .
had to wait 30 minutes to get my food not really worth the wait very unfriendly service and unapologetically slow youre better off going to the indian restaurant across the street i wish i had better things to say but have found the experience consistently negative .
great decor the place feels straight out of louisiana or maybe austin given the texas flag the biscuits are awesome and brunch comes with nice touches like freshsqueezed orange juice .
i probably wouldve given these guys four stars but they screwed up all four rolls but whatever i ate tasted delicious hopefully theyll get my order right next time .
ive never ate in only takeout but the place looks adorable the nettie and fried green tomatoes are my favorite but ive had a few other things on the menu and theyve all been delicious quality food and fairly inexpensive .
i hate  food but the kati roll is amazing as a drunk snack or just an oily substitute its just damn good and so damn simple egg and meat on a pita bread and yet it tastes so freaking good i love it .
this place is done right such goood  not the most options for veggie eaters but what they do have is out of this world give this little gem a try .
food is good and decently priced one owner lady has a very bad attitude but other than that check the place out .
amazing southern hospitality vibes in this s williamsburg joint veganfriendly as they prepared me a large salad and corn on the con my date  in 2x biscuit sandwiches and was asking for more the next day recommend .
food is fantastic however the service stinks and i have said this before take out is the way to go .
this place is amazing everyone is super nice and the food is great i got the nettie and it was the most glorious combination of fried chicken bacon and biscuit ive ever eaten .
service was very unpleasant food was great waited over an hour after we sat before our food came though spoke down to us when they brought out the wrong drinks not worth it .
come for the fluffy biscuits stay for the fried green tomatoes and order the picnic platter for the group a cozy friendly place with a great atmosphere .
the food here is good service is good when the owner mr satish is present have been here a couple of times and the servers are very rude when the owner is not in the restaurant especially on sundays .
we loved it chicken pie is a must shrimp and cajun grits was delicious nice atmosphere the owner is a gem .
service is bad veg food tasted ok non veg was bad .
had a really great dinner here with a big group of friends lively music delicious food especially the pesto pasta and the mediterranean  however i ordered delivery a few weeks later and got a very sad version of the pesto pasta ill stick to eating inhouse .
bland expensive i have no idea how ppl like this place .
awesome location atmosphere food and service probably the best burger ive had in years definitely coming back .
food is okay customer service is  slow we went on a weeknight and waited about 45 minutes to be served our food .
very cute place with a large selection of mediterranean dishes i had the 12 soup and sandwich for lunch you cant beat that cool place .
worst thai food i have ever had not tasty at all overcooked they took advantage of the fact that it was for take out order and made the order the worst possible you only get 3 shrimps if you order a shrimp pad thai .
artichoke dip is a must try for everyone great atmosphere very friendly staff perfect for a date or a place to relax with girls .
only good for some fried foods not authentic taste and vegetables not fresh try  in nutley its the best so far .
as my husband just said when i asked him how many stars im fine with five yummy start to finish with gracious attention from the waiter who let me try the wine before deciding fresh delicious and i would frequent if i lived nearby all good .
purchased the egg cheese biscuit i was shocked on how small it was for 12 dollars could have gone to corner store and got same thing for 2 50 it was nothing spectacular my grits were  and cold .
a great atmosphere great food spicy feta dip and grape  were fantastic a bit of a tight squeeze but totally worth it to go and grab dinner .
the service was terrible and the food wasnt very good either the chicken cutlet was good though wont be going back here .
weve been ordering delivery from here at work almost every day the food is amazing and spot on  was perfectly seasoned and crisp the potatoes gratin was heavenly their hummus had a nice spicy  to it i  recommend this place .
food was ok nothing remarkable service was terrible many of the dishes our table ordered were inaccurate or not delivered at all here for lunch with only two other tables but the waiter was really overwhelmed .
absolutely amazing place chefs juan food is delicious staff is very friendly and professional makes you feel like home always want to come back its my home away from home me and my bf love to come here chef always accommodates us so perfectly hes awesome .
mediocre food terrible service the food was extremely slow they never brought our tea they did not check on us when once after we got our food and they did not refill our water we will not be returning .
incredible food had the grilled chicken for lunch only 10 which incredible french fries and bread that was to die for the overall ambiance of balzem is also on point very rustic yet elegant .
the waitress was really stupid she kept telling that we gave the wrong tip but the truth is she forgot we had the bill spilt and she didnt double the tip the beef tongue was pretty good though .
great lunch spot light fare good service recommend if in the mood for an easy going outing .
not vegetarian or take out friendly many things were left out of our food order in the rain storm no condiments no take out noodles im sure there is a  explanation that would be suitable for the thinking man but just no .
first time i went there seems a nice place reasonable prices and the food was good i surely will go back again .
the king salmon katsu was not filling and my server had no idea how the pumpkin appetizer was prepared he should be fired when you come to a restaurant you expect the server to know the menu .
not only does this place have phenomenal ambiance and decor but the food and service are impeccable one of my new favorite date spots .
pretty bad overall experience service was very slow and inattentive we ordered pork katsu and beef udon soup both dishes were 20 minutes apart greasy and pretty bland to make things worse both my mom and i got sick afterwards would not recommend this place .
excellent evening delicious mediterranean food with comfortable diner friendly staff i would be a regular here if nyc was my home .
i went here today and its closed called the 55th restaurant they said they are doing renovation re open on oct they should put on their website about that .
i popped in at balzem for a quick lunch their ribeye sandwich was great prices for wine and food spot on on a good day i could sit by the terrace just great free wifi a plus .
worst service ever they let us wait for a long time but almost all the tables were empty when we got in the waitress are not even familiar with their food and left us alone for a long time .
great atmosphere with a wine bar type feel service was great and food was also very good make reservations for bigger groups as the place is quite small would definitely return here .
came here for lunch and thought the food wasnt that great i got their lunch set and the food was a bit cold when they served it id rather go to other japanese spots in the area for better meals and better price .
best food music drink selection and atmosphere in soho always the best at balzem thanks guys .
100 overpriced you can get quality sushi in the same area for way less .
nice spot for lunch on a quiet section of mott st good small plates wines by the glass friendly service and a nice atmosphere .
food was so so but i literally had to wave my arms to get someone to get us spoons water etc customer service needs an upgrade .
love this place its very cozy and comfortable  by great service i went with a group and tried a little of everything mediterranean at its best .
so fried .
fabulous restaurant food is delicious and prices are very reasonable i will definitely go back .
the food was mediocre at best an their service horrible at best .
great addition to my neighbourhood welcome balzem delicious food excellent wines and impressive playlists .
this is the first time yelp was wrong i was really looking forward to checking this place out since there were so many good reviews we were a party of 7 and no one liked their food being a katsu place their katsu was not good very disappointing .
came in last week for a late lunch and everything was delicious cant wait to try dinner .
the restaurant is not japanese flavor at all its mixed with indian and mexican flavor i will never go back again just because the food is terrible worst japanese restaurant ever .
well designed interior with a cool vibe the food is delicious and i highly recommend the zucchini cakes perfection the music alone is reason to go well curated playlists for cool downtown dining sit back and enjoy a glass of wine .
lunch at katsuhama after visiting  i wasnt really impressed with this restaurant there were all these yelp zagat signs which i thought would mean really good food but it was pretty bland .
beautiful interior great food relaxing music 5 service on level with restaurants in the  very nice new addition to restaurant mix on mott street definitely will visit again .
ordered sesame chicken here once and my ex and i got horrible food poisoning and almost wound up in the hospital called to complain and they  they didnt speak english hung up ha never ate there again .
the suckling pig feast was fantastic and a great value for the price highly recommended as a large  dining experience .
ambiance is  but thats it had the pesto which looked and tasted like it had been slapped up in 2 minutes and the lamb looked and tasted like cheap shredded beef service was crap next .
moderate prices so flavorful ordered the octopus salad  soi and  dish all great flavors especially the octopus salad it was cooked perfectly with a tangy and spicy taste overall a great dinner will definitely come back here again .
just whatever they say they are italians i dont know about that i didnt like the food at all first and last for a real italian like me .
awesome food love pork jowl khao soi and grilled octopus it is our third visit we are yet to be disappointed with anything .
provided they took me here for dinner so i didnt have to pay this place didnt impress me at all we shared a lot of different tapas but nothing  me as delicious i admit it deserves a second chance its not cheap though at all .
so cheap very full order a ton chicken wings noodles fried  .
dont waste your time just go to amada very underwhelming not worth your time or money all 5 dishes we had were barely mediocre disappointed in the meal .
 pig head different but tasty the cod in banana leaf is outstanding and as always the khao soi rocks .
after all the hype its just not worth it .
ive been back here a few times and i have say that i really like it the service leaves a bit to be desired but the food has been great  has become one of my favorite neighborhood spots .
stop using truffle oil .
a pleasant surprise for me i really enjoyed the pork belly adobo two orders worth coconut rice and halo halo i liked both noodle dishes as well but i wish the khao soi noodles were soft noodles versus crunchy .
didnt get in closed early .
amazing food you walk in thinking this place might be over rated from just the appearance alone but once the food comes oh my god you will not be dissapointed the dishes are small except for the noodles they are very large .
food was completely ordinary  and the noise level was deafening .
food is awesome a bit spicier than i expected with the sisig very weak spicy palate but still fantastic as a snobby  i wish i could eat there more lets open a spot up here .
its was super fancy but the taste was a bit bland i dont think ill be  waiting to be back .
amazing the food here as divine and the service was spectacular try the pork belly and the noodles and you will be so pleasantly surprised the watermelon spiced cocktail was delicious as well cant go wrong here .
their recent price hike has changed my mind about this place 10 for half a grapefruit 22 for a basic breakfast dish with some eggs time to find another regular  bistro .
i went in there expecting really yummy food i did not realize that they played music with explicit words so that was not cool as i had a young girl with me i did like the food their coconut rice is to die for .
nothing special overly rated over priced for greasy ordinary food and ordinary wine also needs a facelift for its tired ambiance .
yes yes yes pig and khao is just quite wonderful they do a very good job in selecting different delicious dishes from the southeast asian menu that make sense together my personal favorites are the sizzling sisig halohalo and young cocunut water w rum .
food was fine but i was physically  by the restroom attendant in the ladies room .
amazing food great ambiance if you sit in the back in the outdoor seating section helpful staff to help us go through the menu especially great for  lovers .
overpriced tourist trap keeps getting worse qualitytaste is lacking .
everything is amazing the coconut rice sisig are my fav kinda sad they replaced brussel sprouts with watermelon on the pork dish and the ribs sauce reminded me off  weirdly fruity other than that this place is awesome .
over rated and over priced super average for the price and pretension that is attached to this place really bad .
their food is so flavorful distinctive in the city love it .
i was not blown away its very crowded the food was good but not great would i return maybe for a drink at the bar .
this is my current favorite restaurant weve eaten here a dozen times in the past year everything is delicious but maybe particularly the  noodles and grilled pork jowl and theres always a sweet classic hiphop soundtrack playing .
the waitress  steak  are you kidding this is just steak and fries same as  steakhouse and the fries were horrible .
food is absolutely delish but it is very over priced me and friends three of us could have a very nice italian with how much we end up paying but again if you crave for coconut rice here is a good spot .
balthazar restaurant is definitely an experience go there once and thats it ive been there for brunch and it is a very nice and cosy place however the food is not that wow to pay so much .
fancy .
good coffee rude hostess .
creative happy delicious food .
2 pm on a wednesday no one in the place and apparently we  were not cool enough to merit a table for two .
i cant get over this place itd get 5 stars if it wasnt so expensive when not if you go you have to get the sisig pig and the khao  service is on point  so is the cilantro soda .
pricy and just ok i had the steak frites bc of all the hype but it really isnt anything special service is good atmosphere is good as well though .
i love this place such a great local hang out i fell in love with the pork belly will be coming back for that and as well as the mussels the lemongrass broth was so yummy .
dont get it the food is average and the service is unfriendly at best the whole restaurant behaves as though they are doing patrons a favor to serve them food the bread was the only saving grace it was really good .
by the time you finish your meal there will be an entire  of mr potato head in your tummy .
normally i love french restaurants i just expected much more for some reason this place reminds me of a cheesecake factory its very big crowded noisy waiters were in a rush and it was a very impersonal dining experience the food was average nothing stellar or memorable .
creative and delicious food good atmosphere helpful service .
if you are more focused are being spotted at a trendy soho restaurant or in the mood to people watch go to balthazar otherwise save your money and go somewhere else for better french food i e la sirene .
great sizzling  and coconut rice make reservations or arrive at 5pm when they open to be seated at the chefs counter which i actually enjoy because the place is small .
this place is great for dinner but dont come for sunday brunch unless youre a vip or they will ignore you the whole time their pancakes are good but not worth the attitude and price .
wow the pork jowl with brussel sprouts is life changing definitely have it loved the coconut rice and the crispy pata too the  was interesting looking liked the clams served with it .
went for breakfast highly disappointed because of all the hype it gets the only thing good was the homemade donut i had french toast which had a very weird taste to it it was only ok definitely not worth the price not at all .
meal was yummy but i honestly dont remember much after eating all the halohalo dessert that i should have shared that is worth returning for however i do suggest skipping the chicharron you can pick up a bag of these in any bodega great vibes and tunes .
decent food whats the big deal as for the pastries man do american get them wrong .
had my birthday here loved the backyard in the summer friendly and helpful staff fun to try many new and different dishes and tasty cocktails .
paid 16 for a bread basket thats all i really remember from this place and the long wait .
great food friendly slightly slow service good music loud environment our group of 5 ordered 6 small plates the  top 3 were the sisig sirloin and khao soi eat here you wont be disappointed .
nice ambient mostly tourists always full always packed the food is not tasty .
we went for brunch and found the menu quite innovative and different food was delightfully spicy and very flavorful will definitely try again .
this is my third time for dinner in 15 years i think they may have jumped the shark .
the food is great here i eat here often the music may be a little loud so try the patio if you want a quieter meal ill be back .
service was good food was not did not enjoy the onion soup or the duck special in any way .
always a good sign when place has a small menu you know theyre good at what they do seared pork belly was amazing coconut rice and accompaniments and everything else i saw looked delicious great service and they gladly accommodated food allergies which is super important .
how do you not deliver in nyc .
great brunch experience all the entrees were good with slightly small portions it was just enough for me the unlimited mimosa experience with several options of watermelon orange and lychee was amazing the staff was great and we all really enjoyed our sunday  there .
food was ehhh service was terrible .
an all around great meal every dish we had was excellent and props to the restaurant for being able to accommodate our large party of 8 service was excellent and you cant beat the 15 unlimited pbr  in the backyard ill definitely be back .
 drinks for 12 a pop rushed service nice ambiance .
great service great food interesting ambiance played   tang etc and asian food which was great the pig face and curry were especially good .
we used to love this place bit its gotten spotty old croissants and stale white bread toast for breakfast really a great classic beginning to  .
the best sisig in nyc will go back for their halohalo as it is not available last time .
i went there and was expecting a lot more i dont remember anything that good and my steak was really tough i couldnt even cut it seriously .
wow 1st time in and just what i was looking for something new and fresh pork done a bunch of ways and many interesting  ill be back for sure .
we were going to go here but then we got  and had  coladas at this weird  spot right after we saw   pull his  up onto the sidewalk wtf bigger wtf was his  .
had a great brunch here with some girlfriends the mimosas were excellent but they ran out of lychee half way through our meal which was a little  i would definitely come back again though because my meal was also very excellent chicharron with watermelon mmmm .
2 5 stars overrated full of dbags who  celebrities rude service dont waste your time .
enjoyed everything we had will def be returning .
see and be seen restaurant for tastier more authentic french bistro food go to la   in midtown .
delicious comfy adorable backyard seating fantastic waiter warm welcome we loved the chinese sausage salad but really spicy the whole fried fish and the pork belly adobo was my favorite with a side of  rice yum .
hype hype and more hype people are so easily pleased these days just throw in a random celebrity sighting and somehow they think the food is phenomenal eh .
great food and not expensive .
terrible food over rated new york steak should never have made it out of the kitchen the chefowner was there so there is no excuse perhaps they once had good food and are now just riding on their reputation .
sizzling sisig must have will order this one again and again watermelon and pork jowl salad fresh taste for summer garlic rice is great but if you order sizzling sisig plain rice would be the best .
never coming here again totally overrated and overrpriced i came here for breakfast breakfast food should not be that expensive 4 for tea really a tea bag and small cup of hot water lame cafe  is a better breakfastbrunch place .
omg delicious we went here with a small group and got everything on the menu each dish was better then last which is hard to pull especially when you arrive hungry and leave stuffed great friendly service .
balthazar was the worst restaurant that ive ever been to the help was absolutly horrible they tried to charge us for two extra meals and the ghetto ass waitress harrassed us because she didnt think we were going to give her a tip they suck .
love their crispy pata and sizzling sisig .
the food was great but the music was terrible its was so crowded i couldnt breathe the atmosphere was horrible i would not recommend anybody to go there the bartender guy was very rude terrible place to go to .
pig and  big fan .
male bartender with spiked hair is completely rude and unprofessional yelled at my party even though we called two weeks in advance and requested a table and bottles ended up going somewhere else horrible customer service .
we had a great time at pig and khao great service food cant wait to go back .
full of drunk idiots loud expensive and very busy with an understaffed bar and long waiting times for drinks you are insane if you prefer this over the million better late night spots in the area avoid .
really inventive flavours good food and a very relaxed vibe make this a great place for a low key dinner .
hard to find nobody there and not so special korean bar food i dont have much to say about this place the  was nice but the drinks were under par maybe i just came on a bad night .
yum get the sizzling sisig delicious .
i think its alright its not really my scene the drinks are fucking expensive as shit plus its mostly asians and not a variety just saying .
this has become our goto place for amazing asian inspired food great flavors solid service and beer tastes soooo much better when you drink it hong kong style .
just had the pork and beef buns its nowhere near momofuku or ippudo but happy hour price of 7 makes it worth it i guess i wish theyd put more meat inside .
been here twice great place  is super cool and definitely a hard worker glad i can support her sizzling sisig is delicious super rich khao soi is solid lamb ribs are amazing fried fish is really good too def recommend .
a little sad when we went here thought it would be better ok for beers and drinks i suppose but the food was well below par regular stuff but just not that good .
the food was great cool vibes and cheap beers .
changing the menu and painting the walls was not enough to make this place any better than  the service was bad the food was overpriced and the portions were small as the old saying goes you cant put lipstick on a pig .
oh sizzling sisig how are you so so good spicy delectable fatty and totally fun paired with a most magical bowl of coconut rice the meal is just about the most delightful and delicious thing ever pig face my face yay .
 this is a more expensive sarku japan the teriyaki sauce is not the same as  two combos and two drinks for 20 i think you are better off next door they have lunch specials bento boxes r much cheaper and more food .
i was there with my fiancé and 3 year old daughter it was the most amazing exotic food that i ever had staff are super friendly love the cocktail drink coconut please get this drink i will be back next week .
bad customer service good food but very pricy for not so much food .
awesome awesome .
oh boy the food was delicious but my boyfriend ended up in the hospital with food poisoning after eating here he had the panini i had the wrap this was the only place we ate at all day .
food was great a nice mix of various asian cuisines and all you can drink deal cant be beat .
the most disgusting food they delivered two meals with disgusting rubbery raw chicken and then would not refund it horrible food horrible staff do not order here they would rather keep my 20 than keep a customer happy awful .
everything was delicious but my favorites were the sizzling sisig and whole fried fish get the coconut rice on the side to savor all the sauce .
this was my second time back and probably my last they have some interesting rolls but the service leaves much to be desired i have high standards for sushi and this place doesnt measure up .
everything was quite good but theres a pig in the restaurants name go with the pork the family secret sauce on the pata gave me pork  the whole next day reasonably priced and delicious ill definitely be back .
this place has gone way downhill 4 years ago it was pretty good b for hibachi places now no one is even trying the chefs looks tired the waitresses annoyed skip and stay home .
this is the best chinese food restaurant in town and around i love the place is really clean and the food is amazing also their delivery is really really fast i love this place .
overcooked seafood clumsy waiters stale bread seafood pasta was okay will not be returning .
the best chinese restaurants in belleville the food isnt too greasy general tsos chicken is not too spicy seasoned just right service is quick especially when picking up .
the rendang wasnt horrible in flavor but i was disappointed by its  ratio there was so little of the rendang itself that i thought i had ordered an appetizer at first i wont be retuning .
this my favorite chinese place their beef and broccoli and chicken and broccoli are fantastic the plantains are absolutely delicious this is my go to place for chinese deliciousness .
seriously the worst meal ive had in brooklyn i like a lot of salt but damn that was insanely over the top friendly service and nice spot to relax in wouldnt go back .
good neighborhood chinese takeout delivery is quick and food always hot in an area where there are chinese  on every corner this is my goto place .
i was so excited to find an  restaurant around my area but was very disappointed when i tried the food the service was good but the food was just blah definitely not authentic and very pricey .
all the old photos of princeton  are pretty cool saw  a few supreme court  and more very neat beer selection isnt bad .
i was very unimpressed with the food but the service was great the vegetarian options just werent that great i can make better seitan dishes at home and the spring rolls were just okay .
have really enjoyed this restaurant great atmosphere food exceeded my expectations strawberry  was awesome .
the food is tasty and spicy the staff is great good atmosphere too however its super over priced for this area and the relatively small portions served .
enjoyed a fabulous christmas dinner at the bar the salmon duck were both perfectly prepared with delicious sauces we went back a few nights later for drinks jill made a perfect martini .
the hot pot is c really expensive they charged even a little things seriously the sauce for hot pot is 1  so disapointed .
heard about   from a peruvian coworker it is traditional peruvian seafood place big portions very fresh and tasty i highly recommend this place .
          .
the food was incredibly good and it was in a good street and we had a great peruvian breakfast the service was ok have parking i dont like the decorations looks little bit  ill come back definitely .
greasy chinese food coming from micro oven not really authentic at all .
this place is awesome and as a chilean that is all i am going to say about it haha but seriously it is great food .
used to be my favorite restaurant until i found 2 maggots mixed in with my order of   pea  maggots .
we use them as an everyday lunch  in our office the food is very good fresh and always on time weve been using them for a little over two years and have no plans to stop .
good except the  but over priced and on top of that the portions are small for example the  was 22 for basically 2 oz of steak over eggs really guys really .
this is the best bagel place friendly staff clean great bagels good quality sandwiches delicious coffee too .
got the chicken shawarma lunch special to go ate about half before  into a slimy almost completely raw piece of chicken wtf guys cook that shit through before you put someone in the hospital .
have been ordering from four js for years the roast beef sandwiches are excellent few issues with getting the orders correct overall very good .
the pita bread was perfect everything else needs a lot of work the service was extremely slow and the food wasnt very good im hoping theyll improve over time .
good food like the lunch special until 3 all combos are a lil cheaper and its for all 7 days if the week no delivery chicken wings beef and chicken and broccoli in garlic sauce have all been good when i have eaten here .
i had a bad experience there i dont want to give all the details too many dont want it to appear to be  them up i guess it was a bad night one suggestion put some cheese on the pizza thanks .
finally found a place with awesome food fast service thank god not to mention inexpensive .
the worst thai food weve had ever i wouldnt even call it real thai food more like fast food mix of chinese with a couple of leaves thai basil leaves tossed in 50 delivery of garbage thats where it went dont waste your money .
love this place .
ordered the pad thai coconut soup and a peanut chicken dish for take out the pad thai had no spice or taste the coconut didnt taste good enough to stomach so we tossed it im used to good thai and unfortunately this isnt it .
nice atmosphere very good spaetzle and  desert was also very delicious .
so clearly with the name joey thai its not your traditional thai place its not its not good staff was nice but the food had no flavor def not a place to go to there are so many more options on bloomfield ave .
i love love love cafe sabarsky my ultimate fave is the hot chocolate and pistachio cake beautiful ambiance great service always a pleasure going there for a nice treat .
this place quite frankly sucks i got fried rice here once and the rice was soggy they overcooked it i also got pad kee mao and it just seemed like they just through whatever vegetables they had laying around the place up the block spice is much better .
the meals are awesome great find doing our visit the ny sausage with cheddar goulash excellent .
everything was bland and not made as requested disappointed .
 decorated welcoming wiener café in the heart of upper east side where you can always come to read a newspaper .
had their tiger  dish and i was crying they knew that i wanted real spicy thai flavor but they did not make it as i requested what is that about ive had better .
the sausage is awesome with the strawberry  cake as the end highly recommended .
definitely not the best sushi around pieces are small and overall just unimpressive while prices arent bad you can get better sushi for around the same price elsewhere id recommend fuji sushi which is about 5 minutes away .
this is like going to a restaurant and your building   15 foot ceilings  wood rooms beautiful architecture marble tables menu is of european german style foods excellent .
i really wanted to like  the location is a quaint  and the atmosphere very pleasant but i was there to eat a late breakfast not merely to  myself in americana the small bland portions  priced just cant find me recommending a visit .
ive been here 3 times after visiting the museum albeit a little pricey the ambiance and the food makes up for it authentic to the core and a wide variety this place is delicious and quick .
shit service great drinks an unbalanced experience to say the least .
if you enjoy austrian food check out this spot delicious spaetzle dishes and amazing deserts the service was top notch as well for a nyc restaurant prices were reasonable .
how do i  a review .
after an amazing exhibit one visits the cafe small extremely crowded the food was diverse and amazing i like the fact that the food  with the exhibit enjoyable atmosphere despite it being quite crowded expensive be forewarned .
they kicked us out after less than 45 minutes because we werent ordering enough and the food is pretty bad and very overpriced as are the drinks to be honest .
grab a nice viennese lunch and enjoy the neue gallery .
if cheesecake factory is your favorite restaurant you will love this place i however think cheesecake factory is the epitome of over sized over priced  mediocrity geronimos has a bit of that going on pitcher of house  was goodish but still quite pricey .
lovely quiet atmosphere gorgeous wood paneling and marble decor we ordered cafes and a  chocolate mousse cake that was divine not cheap but worth your time after looking through neue gallery and the  museum .
the outside seating is really the only thing geronimos has going for it otherwise the food is a let down and the drinks are only worth it at happy hour .
had drinks dinner and desert last friday and it was a  experience my husband and i had the    mit   zucchini german beers and  all were delicious servers were nice will definitely come back .
brutally bad and over priced burgers were average and fries not great daughter ordered mac and cheese and it was a boxed version drowned in butter we should of gone to food  around the corner .
awesome bratwurst mit sauerkraut  the mustard is  .
got the poutine and almond crusted chicken tenders food was decent enough very good honey mustard robot that served our food could use an upgrade his  chip seemed to be  would recommend  him with higher level  only words he knew were yea and  .
cute little cafe in the gallerie very expensive no coffee refills but the food is great and staff are very attentive perfect place for an early breakfast .
was my server drunk not a fan save your money .
yummy and nice cafe within the neue gallerie had the streudel yum .
i had a green with  bison burger it wasnt bad but not best either the server emily was not good took forever to get the food out then took longtime to get our check food ok service not so ok .
we really enjoy the cake and sausage .
although service was friendly  is just standard pub food nothing too special draft guinness was disappointing we stuck with burgers to be safe but they were too thick for our liking and settled like a rock thereafter .
i love this place my trip to the museum is not complete until ive dropped by here its a charming decor very traditional staff is friendly and professional menu is superb everything ive had there has been extremely tasteful looking forward to my next museum visit already .
standard american pub food nothing special i got the rock shrimp and scallops pasta and was really disappointed at the bitter taste of the  treated scallops .
very nice place to have lunch and they have amazing desserts .
after having two dishes come out under cooked i would advise you to go some where else for dinner service was good though the fish with the couscous salad was gross .
overpriced of course but a great setting top rate coffee tea deserts hot chocolate and  food a very nice place to take friends meet that special person not quiet but intimate and beautiful .
food was terrible almost diarrhea inducing service was slow and they forgot everything bartender was a total jerk totally obnoxious and ripped us off dont go here if you want to go with a special lady or men unless you plan to dump them there .
roasted bratwurst is great .
the last lunch i had here was below average overpriced and no taste the fish and chips was blah going to avoid this place in the future .
i went here about a month ago for lunch and was so  lovely spot .
overpriced poor service and less than adequate food taste make this the worst choice in rutherford .
when im feeling  for europe it is fun to stop in and pretend a bit .
i gave it 2 stars cause its just alright not the best falafels in the city and i wish the  were a bit thinner so not the best especially if your trying to eat less carbs .
my favorite museum cafe .
why did you replace the vegan cheese with  the homemade vegan cheese sauce is what made this place special fine to offer soy free cheese option but dumb to get rid of the original sauce which is what made the sandwich special for all these years .
do you want some  in a  wood interior read the newspaper on a metal  thing so you can feel european  galore dense  tear inducing  .
food is meh service is the worst seriously people i work 80 a week in the food service industry and i never act the way these people do .
i just love this place i feel like i am actually in an austrian cafe great service and wonderful atmosphere and food .
just waited 30 min for a meatball sub and fries incredibly slow service foods decent though .
been coming here for 4 years almost every week they have the best coffee and desserts apple strudel and the ambience is great waitstaff is very attentive and courteous wait can be very long for lunch though so come early .
food not that great service not any better .
weiner schnitzel and  cant go wrong tasty espresso .
hot garbage .
i thought this place was charming i had the bratwurst mit sauerkraut and thought the portions were just right but i think the real draw of this place are the unique drink offerings and the dessert menu so i will be back to sample those .
everything is soy based i spent 10 for some veggies on a wheat roll and not a lot of veggies either i would only go again if i was craving vegan ham sausage or chicken but definitely not go out of my way .
so nice place a lot of desserts and my favorite  covered  .
not worth it .
beautiful place and delicious had the glorious hot chocolate yummy white sausage and pretzel and an almond paste chocolate cake dessert .
went here after a classical concert we were suppose to have a scheduled reception but they stuck us at the bar with their regular customers the bartender was rude and treated his female coworker like a piece of meat wont come here again .
the apple strudel was a hit flaky and not too sweet i had a simple breakfast yesterday 2 eggs and toast the twist was that the soft boiled eggs were served in a martini glass so you could dip your toast in the  mix clever .
got there and restaurant was almost empty people at the bar were loud and it was hard to have a conversation felt totally rushed did not even get two  into appetizer and got our meals food was ok but not great .
a beautiful setting i had a perfect  mit  and then a  with a sinful  vienna in new york .
so i took the food to go cause it took forever and a day to get it was ok really didnt get to enjoy it maybe have to give it another try .
best austrian desserts and coffee really does feel like a viennese cafe i like here goulash soup  all sausages  goulash sandwiches sachertorte apple strudel viennese hot chocolate with  any coffee style .
not so much it started with a flat stale beer at the bar i gave up at the dinner table when the must have garlic bread was cold over it .
great goulash and service a variety of desserts make this an ideal stop .
had the shrimp scampi and it was terrible how do you make shrimp scampi bad watery sauce not buttery or garlicky the rest of the table said all was mediocre .
the   cheese strudel with vanilla sauce was easily the best pastry to ever pass my lips get it love it deal with the crowd its worth it .
bad pizza even worse service .
this review is only for afternoon coffee desserts a bit of  right smack in the heart of the museum mile great  the met dark refined calming interior excellent coffee  water was refreshing knocked off a star for the desserts which were good but not stellar .
did not go there yet just listed this business to see what people have to say .
this is one of my very favorite hidden gems on ues a great  from  afternoons in central park the double dark chocolate cake is sure winner true viennese treat .
how can the fish be any good i hear he doesnt pay his vendors .
try apple strudel with hot chocolate they are great .
burger and minute steak were both all gristle .
enter a cafe in vienna without the  bratwurst salads soups scrumptious desserts espresso wine  atmosphere after a delicious european meal visit the neue  get your austrian on .
an institution its never been great but now that btv has a five guys theres no reason to put up with the greasy frys and wretched burgers maybe the creemee window is good .
i pity the fool who doesnt order the apple strudel .
fries were ok but the burgers were not what i expected they were really tiny and the meat seemed to have been flattened by a semi .
sacher torte i really do not need to say anything else all you need to know is right there in big obnoxious capital  .
i would have better off at the wendys the fries are soggy and greasy my burger was flavorless and boring it had cheese bacon tomato and lettuce but it was tasteless my boyfriends hot dog was fine though nothing to write home about .
an excellent place to have a relaxing delicious meal between  anywhere on museum mile eating at sabarsky isnt cheap but is as much of a treat as ive ever had .
the quality was poor the service was poor and the restaurant was dirty i think a chain would have been better and i really dislike chains .
black bean burger wasnt too tasty the parmesan fries amazing good service awesome interior surprises at every turn .
omg french food done as badly as you could possibly do french food rubbery scallops bitter spinach staff with no wine know how really really bad despite good reputation and good company .
great atmosphere for dining cozy with lots of dog related wall art we had kale salad mushroom soup and the braised pork shank all were very good .
great food but totally unreasonable staff tried making a big reservation and was completely mishandled by the manager been going here for years but really disappointed there are plenty of more friendly places in tribeca .
 time ive been consistently great food fantastic service  to accommodate changes in party size food preferences love this place cute alcoves for bigger parties really attentive to detail food is amazing drinks are reasonably priced go period .
food was mediocre at best .
great place staff is so friendly natalie the bartender is awesome and super nice had the veggie burger on the lunch menu and it was yummy i will definitely be back .
good food but service that is beyond terrible .
amazing food every time i go there a little pricy but totally worth it when you want a delicious brunch in a cute little area beautiful decorations as well .
cute décor but there are definitely much better gourmet burgers to be had in this city like rubys in nolita however the fries were the saving grace of my meal .
we had a work lunch here i had the pulled pork sandwich with some kind of korean spicy sauce it was ok th four stars are for our server i forgot his name but he was absolutely great the decor and ambience is nice as well .
art deco diner that gets by on reputation .
great food great service i have no complaint i came during university city restaurant week last summer and i am still thinking about how much i enjoyed myself .
 is overrated food is average but overpriced service is ok id rather go to  or petite  across the street .
really good food but i wish their menu had more things to choose from the fries were delicious and so were our main entrees panini and burger i definitely recommend customers sit at the bar to be served because theres a 10 discount if you do .
my visit was for a  celebration the food was just ok the service was terribly slow there are too many amazing restaurants to try i wont be back .
hands down white dog cafe has the most consistent amazing meals whether it be for brunch lunch or dinner there is great ambiance indoors and out when the  cooperates i highly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a delicious locally sourced meal .
if youre veg this place will impress you with its vast assortment of vegetarian dishes but if youre  this place is going to really let you down i havent had chinese food this mediocre in a long long time .
one of the better brunch options in university city perfectly runny eggs benedict i suggest the bottomless brunch greyhounds mimosas bloody maries always friendly service and make sure to bring your dog .
didnt care for the vegan chicken was very hard and tough to chew the general tsos sauce had good flavor tho maybe the real meat is better but i saw they had a large selection of vegetarian options so i figured they might be good .
good grub .
slow service out of noodles now really this used to be the place for chinese food ownership change has made this a no go for me .
go here as soon as possible the food is fresh and delicious a little on the pricier side but worth it  tip at lunch you get 10 off your check if you sit in the bar area .
i loved this place when it was puket and i went when they first opened as mint not impressed sucks i miss puket .
mushroom soup is absolutely delish i get it every time turkey burger fries were also good a little bit of a wait for our food today but the service was attentive .
the food tasted like it was frozen for a long time and microwaved to order we would never go back the food is seriously bad what a shame .
excellent food service and atmosphere our party of 6 decided to order the 4 course prefix my main dish was trout and it was delicious the ingredients are top notch and i will be back .
no good .
sea bass had great texture taste and was well seasoned oysters were a bit small for the price amuse bouche was nice eclectic decor excellent service .
after really good turkish food in europe this is just meh soso if you are bored and craving something different .
12 for bottomless mimosas bloodies sangria and greyhounds i had seven i think i just won at brunch strike that  .
if youre gay do not come here because bartender  will call you a  in spanish i am disgusted and hurt no way to run a restaurant you deserve 0 stars .
a  favorite for my family we can always find food we all enjoy excellent for entertaining guests as well recommend it for family or professional gatherings .
absolutely rude venue be prepared to wait 3x what theyre  during prime time food not worth it .
food is very good and fresh the atmosphere is very private and intimate good place to bring a date do yourself a favor and get the    beer it will not let you down .
food is very tasty but the wait staff is horrible it always has been and apparently it always will be its like they are mentally challenged .
the coziest place in town excellent food relaxing and has a lot of charm a must visit place if you already havent .
worst service ever i went here bc im latina and what a  a lot of people in the rest i was waiting stand up during 20 mins for a table and the staff was so rude there no space .
loved happy hour sitting at the bar fried pickles and tuna tartare were great choices sitting at certain parts of the bar were a bit hectic as they get lots of foot traffic from patrons entering the restaurant so just watch out for that and youre golden .
yuca has some great brunch food but the service is pretty terrible and i probably wont be back due to that .
everything was delicious we did the  menu it was four courses and for 15 we also added on the alcohol pairing absolutely no complaints the atmosphere is quaint and charming and server was excellent i will definitely be going back .
i wish is not stars for this place is horrible service is the worse in n y this waitress she was horrible food is horrible there is nothing good to say about this place only horrible .
i love white dog its my favorite place to meet friends for happy hour 5 glasses of good wine 3 craft beers and delicious 35 dishes that are  down versions of the restaurants signature food the service is almost always great .
i really dont understand the amazing reviews about this place food was just plain bad drinks not well mixed guacamole has no taste the staff is friendly but for a saturday night at 11 in nyc the place was empty really disappointed and wouldnt go back there .
they change menus frequently .
the 2 stars are for the food .
the tofu was decent the steak and pasta were tasty and the service was above par .
drinks are great but food is consistently disappointing i really wanted to love this place but they almost always overcook and under season meat also its not cheap the yuca fries are pretty good though .
great spot from start to finish the food was delicious pear salad and steak frites awesomeness .
the bar is decent but the service is very very mediocre i dont think the crowd here is particularly classy anyways so that goes with the place ive heard the brunch is good but im not a  so basically ill never go here again .
so good .
dont bother coming here service was bad fly was in my water shell pieces in my crab cakes  eggs were basically raw did i mention our waitress was rude and terrible .
the white dog is amazing i got the burger and it was so huge that it probably could have been for like two people the french toast was a little too heavy and sweet but it also was huge .
great for  who love latino  annoying if you are are not easily impressed by paprika and yuca if you have grown up eating these dishes you will be disappointed .
a good place near upenn where everything is farmtotable the service can be a little uneven but the food is good .
if you make it for happy hour then it is worth it if you miss happy hour then that a whole different story they do make good drinks here the food is ok i highly dislike the looooong wait time the unwelcoming staff .
had lunch there when i visited upenn very good environment they have a theme of dogs which is very adorable food is authentic and of good quality will def go back for dinner next time .
went here once for dinner and wouldnt try it again the portions are huge for tapas but everything was way too salty we tried five different dishes and none of them were any good .
fantastic restaurant my family has eaten here a number of times and the food is always good we have tried breakfast lunch and dinner always a variety and always interesting fresh delicious definitely a favorite .
bad service bad food and this place ruined my brunch experience and made me bitter  for the week to follow .
amazing brunch you feel very fancy and the service is great though i think their tables are too small and they have too many decorations last time i had their fried egg sandwich which was super tasty definitely all of my calories for the whole day but good .
this place had a  smell of puke everywhere except in the bathroom the sangria was watery save your money and bother with this place for the price they charge it should smell like roses in their i had to run out of that place .
very good great brew yards  great burrata and really great gnocchi .
very disappointing service the wait staff was extremely rude .
we sat outside and the ambience is beautiful food and booze were equally good great wait staff restaurant is on a quiet street and outdoor seating is pet friendly .
service is not good dont know what people are saying and the gauc salsa was without taste and bland the mango mojito was really good but the only reason why this venue gets two stars .
super quick service awesome mushroom soup very rich and thick also very interesting beet salad definitely a great place to eat a little pricey but  for a great quality meal .
still dont see what all the fuss is about food is mediocre and service spotty  is close and better .
a great place to eat in university city great food and great beer the only downfall is the amount of  students .
been here 3 times for brunch food usually good but my real complaint i drove 30 min into city for the bloody mary bar and i was paying 10 a piece for weak drinks this happened all 3 times with the drinks wont be going back .
lovely food great atmosphere awesome 10 drink special for brunch unlimited mimosas tap water is nasty though seriously white dog get a  .
much left to desire if you ask me over priced drinks smells like a dirty basement good luck being acknowledged if youd like a glass of water .
great decor good service annoying clientele delicious food a little overpriced which is why im not willing to make the trek from south philly to west philly when i can just go to sabrinas and get overcharged for french toast .
went on a  sunday around 12 waited for a table for 20 minutes it was packed service was friendly but we received very little of it waited for an order of pancakes side if sausage and eggs benedict for 1 hour definitely not worth the wait .
top spot for brunch in university city perfect place to do some day drinking with their  all you can drink mimosas or bottomless bloody marys very much a farmtotable place highlights include pork roll and egg sandwich and the brunch burger .
if you like being packed in a small space waiting 15 min for a drink and waiting in a long line for the bathroom then this place is for you the only positive was the beer selection the only positive got one drink and  out .
very tasty brunch old old building great use of space love the decor .
friday night overly crowded obnoxious patrons some coming three at a time out of a bathroom and a long wait for bland food yeah this place blows .
had the fried green tomato sandwich but with smoked salmon it was fantastic .
looks cool decent beer selection worst food maybe it was a bad day sunday but he guacamole and salsa were straight from the container and the other food just didnt have much taste at all other than that its alright maybe id go back for the nightlife .
been here for brunch a few times definitely worth the price for some of the dishes like the waffles nice farmhouse style dining a bit cramped but will do .
while a fun and cosy atmosphere with decent food skip dessert the chocolate cake we ordered had been sitting in the fridge too long and tasted like well fridge .
great lil hidden place near penn .
decent atmosphere not too distracting decor limited menu selection for vegetarians beer list is minimal and fairly pricey i prefer the tria on  street in the french quarter near rittenhouse square better food nicer atmosphere .
it was almost good enough to justify the prices .
world famous crabby fries terrible frozen fries sprinkled with old bay no crab meat please dont advertise crabby fries and not have crab meat on the fries terrible .
delicious brussell sprouts .
shame on them  philly  .
always good .
well perhaps i wasnt drink enough but from their industrial process cheese sauce and fries to their fatty burgers and bland chicken cheesesteak this place is a dive of the worst kind philadelphia has better places o eat avoid it .
the food was fresh and delicious service was a little slow so do not go if you are in a hurry the interior feels quaint and homey like an old philadelphia tavern .
disappointed .
delicious pumpkin bisque .
salty overly salted food crab fries need to be smothered in ketchup to  the salty seasoning the sauce for shrimp and  crab cakes were good .
especially for brunch this place delivers they have exceptional food for a fairly reasonable price will keep coming back and definitely a place i would take outoftown visitors to university city or philadelphia in general .
lazy waitresses stale beers bad music horrible food yeah pretty much the worst place ever .
sit in the bar section for the best food at the best prices .
the place is huge they have a variety of food items on the menu crab fries are good but cmon theyre french fries with old bay big whoop service is slow and staff is unfriendly .
good food and locally grown a fun place to go for a nice dinner .
horrible service cold fries overpriced beer stay away .
as consistent as they come with fresh seasonal offerings great ales wait time can be long at lunch so be forewarned but they deliver on the promise .
worst service ever its not crowded at all and the waitress hasnt been by our table in an hour this pace has gone down hill and they dont seem to care at all do everyone a favor and close .
i was there with a group most people liked their entrees which however were a bit small great fish and chips love the local beer selection no one liked the olive oil ice cream .
if you are looking for good food dont go here mediocre at best salty expensive and boring .
the food was delicious i got the lamb bolognese but the service was a bit slow .
i really wanted to love  the atmosphere is  beyond that i thought that the service was slow and the food mediocre i have been here three times fun place on the way to the game but not my first choice as a dining destination .
mm very nice new england bar atmosphere the  salad was good and the  tofu was yummy over the squash risotto fish and chips was huge and the fries were wellseasoned banana ice cream and bread pudding was just big enough .
if you have to go here stick with the beer the food is  defrosted salty  its basically like being at the game without the benefit of actually seeing any of the action .
an excellent place to take a visitor for a nice lunch in university city friendly service nice decor and good food i recommend the spicy lamb bolognese and the burgers are good too .
typical philly  an eatery which is far from anything special the crab fries ummm fries with crab seasonings ooo wow big deal who cares nothing special its an over priced bar with lousy service fun place to watch football but then again so is many other places .
what a delicious meal i had a lamb special that was quite tasty and there is a good selection of drinks only downside is that it costs too much to go there every day .
crab fries are meh typical sports bar nothing more worth noting .
a wonderful gem offering great portions and quality food reasonably priced i had a spicy lamb bolognese which was delicious a friend had a fried risotto dish which was even better would highly recommend either of these dishes .
i do not go to sports bars especially bars with a bunch of green faced   .
delicious gourmet local food great flavor combinations a bit pricey for the portions try the lamb penne .
they have new menus they are so big they take half of the table plus the  the price on everything and the service went down hill like the menus new people working here some old head with curly hair wont be back for a wile .
gotta love white dog the food and service is reliably good and there are so many nooks of the restaurant you always have a good amount of privacy .
didnt eat there just went for drinks on a thursday night crowded and small .
the white dog cafes food is not only fantastic its locally sourced i cant comment on the service because i ate it next door at the  hair club but the food is impeccable try the curried cauliflower .
i cant believe the wings got such good reviews the wings we got were just okay weve definitely had better they were crispy and thin not juicy at all it was a huge disappointment .
beet salad lamb bolognese rigatoni lobster mac n cheese everything was delish wonder why they sat us in the fancy area where we were the only two patrons while there were dozens of others in the many diff levels of the restaurant service is great food is great .
the wait for food was  the wait for beer was not much better but they did have  on tap the place is really small but they have a lot of games on the tvs and the servers are pleasant .
food was delicious and atmosphere was very nice frankly the most tender fillet mignon ive ever had in philly .
like everyone else said great wings crappy service the girls there are consistently rude or just  they lose a ton of business because of this .
the food was really great the salmon was super light buttery flaky and the vegetables just perfectly cooked too bad they were running out of all the drinks we were ordering that night but all in all we had a good experience .
the food was great but the waitress was really rude and she took for ever taking our order and getting our food she made the experience very uncomfortable .
this place is a philly institution and has only gotten better under new management love that they are still  to organic local food lamb  is to die for though good i think the brunch offerings could be a little more imaginative .
terrible service we paid a 5 cover for each of us 5 ordered twice and never got drinks .
the food was amazing the waitress was very pleasant and attentive the decor was really cool and i cant wait to go back .
do not eat here food and service were both poor and it was a very bad eating experience the managers were creepy and i didnt like how the place smelled .
i went here for lunch had excellent food and everything is made from fresh and natural ingredients tasted so delicious and fresh id go back .
this is a middle of the road italian pastas are way over cooked .
great overall brunch place go there be warned there will be a wait food well prepared menu great local organic focus atmosphere causal very neighborhood feel best bloody mary i had in the city .
11 50 for 4 four little fish sticks shame on me for not looking at the  menu with the prices is the rent too damn high it was tasty but still .
delicious and organic food good drinks and fun environment bar food is cheaper yummy .
i never write reviews but i have to for this restaurant as i am so  i had sunday brunch here with 5 other friends and we all got food poisoning from this place it was a terrible way to end the week .
very interesting menu and beers its like being in grandmas house except everything is organic and expensive i got the free range chicken really liked the tofu and rice dish i will get that next time i come .
crammed into a shitty little booth on the upper level where i got to watch the waitress dump the plates from cleared tables ate in 25 minutes and left wont go back .
a group from work 8 met here for dinner the food was very good and service was  and quick the waiter was a bit rigid in custom requests but the menu made up for it overall we were quite pleased .
i used to love their cobb salad about 5 years ago i was there august 30th 2014 and it was just like a mid level place all the charm and the food standard had dropped i left really disappointed .
ive never been disappointed here great farm fresh new american food in a relaxed cozy atmosphere with mismatched furniture and lots of charm .
good food but way overpriced 10 egg sandwich on brunch menu thats a   from what i can get at a deli .
freaking amazing if youre vegan or even if youre not get the grilled kennett square portobello spicy  sandwich it will change your life seriously .
you are better off going to a ruby tuesdays or a different generic american food chain not worth the money .
a lil overpriced because of dedication to only buying ingredients local but the food is tasty menu changes but first time i went it was ribs  n collard greens it was succulent  the bone good other times it was good even if somewhat over priced .
how can anyone mess up a hamburger this place did and forget about a refill .
was there for valentines day the special menu had a good variety to choose from and the entrees were excellent .
brunch you can find better ones in the city that serves better brunch than this one  was ok but not memorable try turkey burger service ok ambiance the best part of the restaurant cute decor cozy fire place .
possibly my favorite restaurant of all time sustainability and organic goodness at its best true philly  .
tuna tacos were awful cold shells out of the box teeny  bits of tuna less than a small  of guacamole very dissatisfied with my skimpy meal dining companions fried chicken mac and cheese and especially bagel lox plate drew raves .
you get what you pay for absolutely fresh local and organic ingredients excellent seafood and meat dishes friendly service good cocktails worth the wait happy hour gets out of hand crowded but dinner here never feels rushed or noisy .
i felt their food were below average and overpriced i rather dine somewhere else .
i like to go here from time to time for the brie or a hot coffee drink but sometimes the day bartenders rather talk to there friends then make me a drink i do give credit to the sever who had to come to our cramped table .
who tries to hide the fact that their turkey burger is a bland  formerly frozen patty by smothering it with a giant  of boursin this place boursin is awesome but come on it cant perform  what im saying here is dont order the turkey burger .
i love this place from the local meats produce and fabulous beer to their awesome business practices this place is such a gem im here constantly though mostly just at the bar because the dining room is pretty pricey albeit delicious drafts half price after 10 mmm .
dont get me wrong the food was good service was ok but i thought the food was overpriced for what it was have also been for brunch and wasnt that impressed the wait wasnt bad each time i went .
i stopped here while visiting my cousin at penn on my way from d c up to bucks county and enjoyed a great lunch and a pint of dogfish head the service was friendly the soup was great and you cant go wrong with dogfish .
its really just okay since its just around the corner ive been in a couple of times unfortunately i really cant remember any dish ive ever eaten there nothing is a stand out just decent the atmosphere is warm and inviting not memorable but pretty good .
this  food booze joint delivered a great breakfast a decent dinner some interesting beers and a floor show of locals passing on the street .
 dont get stuck upstairs thats like being sent to bed without your supper you sit around drooling over the wall at the diners below you while you wait and wait and wait and then it all arrives and big whoop .
peel away all the pretension and the foods interesting and good the tables are way too close together and its too loud .
i love this  of food so maybe i was expecting too much food eh but cocktails 4 stars creative and interesting and tasty .
great beer great food environmentally conscious perfect happy hour late and professional service just one word of advice if you just want apps stick to the bar section cuz the waiters will be very confused .
interesting decor but was unfortunately seated in a loud area right by the kitchen the food was okay but too heavy for my taste wait staff was friendly and kind to the  .
white dog brings back great memories every time i go back to philly i have to make my pilgrimage to the white dog cafe .
i really want to like  because it looks so nice but each of the three times i have eaten there my stomach  the drinks are good though .
the first date my husband and i ever had was here i loved this place and that was over 10 years ago right on  campus nice tree lined street i miss philly .
from the  martini that was spilled in my  to the poorly prepared food this place should be put out of its misery bad service a bartender who didnt know what a manhattan was and  food that lacked flavor this is a  .
we like the food but why wont they let us in .
my experience at  cafe was not very good the food is overrated by many the caribbean soft drinks are watered down and the food too salty .
delicious fresh highquality food in a casual atmosphere not too terribly pricey plus theyre good  details on their  to the community here   … .
bland bland bland how do you serve bland curry goat the roti us good but thats it mind you im writing this as i disappointingly eat my lunch even the  is bland sigh not good .
i hosted a dinner for a group of 35 here last week in the  area it was a huge hit the atmosphere service and food was outstanding i couldnt have asked for anything more .
horrible food cant consider these people really wait on this food the plates they serve the food is just absolute disgrace .
this place is great especially if you have vegetarians with you another one of phillys great lunch spots .
nice place some staff very nice but not well trained bartenders were busy watching games on tv rather than paying attention to customers i was disappointed in the service beer selection and food choices nice place but i am not coming back whats the point .
fantastic restaurant in west philly fresh ingredients and creative menu white dog cafe is the kind of place that you recommend to  for a nice dinner check out the bathroom art too .
ordered 2 sandwiches gristle  the meat its a shame bec the parts that were edible were delicious but comically small for the price slow delivery didnt help either .
a cute quaint cafe on  campus i had a delightful brunch at white dog on a recent trip to philly reasonably priced brunch cocktails and generous portions i had the vegan breakfast burrito service can be slow but its great for a long leisurely meal .
they waited over an hour to call me and tell me that they had a problem with their delivery person i am so  right now .
if you drive an old  and still proudly display a ratty  2000 sticker on the bumper youll definitely love the white dog .
good food but theyre never open not sure why their hours say open until 10 pm when ive often shown up at 630 pm and theyre closing up shop not a good way to build a customer base since we can never count on this place at all .
great delicious food also white dog holds various political events here such as  and   theyre free check them out .
very expensive and really really poor customer service slow slow slow unless you have nothing else to do for the whole day dont go to this place .
great fresh organic salads and dishes in a cozy cafe near upenn try the white dog tapas platter of the day .
had 3 take out dishes very average food will not be back .
excellent food amazing ambiance stellar service plus theyre environmentally and politically conscious went to a great  about drug  which included a three course dinner highly recommended .
the food is fair it is what it is likes panda express in an airport the service is terrible however i dont expect a whole lot when eating at airports but a little courtesy would be nice food grade c service grade f .
the best  in burlington hands down very thick and excellent flavor friendly service too vermont maple creamee is highly recommended so delicious next time i am getting  on my creemee .
this is not bad place starting with the right expectation is important this is place tastes just like a knock off panda express .
best creemees in burlington hands down .
disgusting bland soggy overcooked noodles horrible hot sauce and the servers dont understand simple orders  for a drink choice i answered fruit punch please she responded with what you want to punch me .
excellent maple creemees and theyve got a liquor store .
this place replaced the sarku in the left wing of terminal c but the food is not as good the chicken teriyaki was dry and the vegetable mostly uncooked even with additional sauce the dish tasted bland .
surprisingly good food and a great view i love the belt for breakfast it is easily the best breakfast sandwich in town the blackened salmon is really great for lunch or dinner the staff is always friendly and efficient .
this place sucks the food is ridiculously overpriced and exists exclusively to  on college kids who need particular things in the moment the buffet food is repulsive and not covered i have learned my lesson at this point after buying several expired items from this trash hole .
maple  amazing and i dont particularly like ice cream super delicious and i recommend them to everyone who takes a walk around the  .
tasteless extortion why has no one opened up something to compete with these  .
get the black bean burger its great great place for a light or not so light meal  the lake the creemees are terrific i was put off by the price at first but they are thick and worth it .
sandwiches are bland and expensive prepared foods are oily and mushy spend your money elsewhere .
nice view nice food good simple choice for a sunny day italian sub was pretty good tried part of a pastrami sandwich too and it was good everybody enjoyed their lunch .
decent food way overpriced like the other store on whitney but again its a convenience you will have to pay for if you visit this place .
flavor tried  pam both enjoyed vermont maple black raspberry twist scrumptious natural flavor and lovely color very creamy texture a unique location near lake champlain waterfront attractions uvm   .
descent food served by arrogant  .
the have the best creemees around try the maple creemee .
disgustingly overpriced the only saving graces of gourmet heaven include being open 247 and carrying the  assortment of candy on the block not worth going there ever though .
get a maple creamee awesome views of the lake go .
the guy at the register is an asshole who marks up prices based on a whim the mark ups are especially outrageous if they sense that youre drunk another thing that happens when youre drunk you order a sandwich or wrap and feel deeply deeply satisfied .
for the soft serve creemee ice cream had maple and chocolate nice servers great view of lake .
yes the prices beyond mere  reach the heady level of outright extortion if youre prepared to pay 25 cents for an individual pill of   on the  basis or five dollars for milk then by all means knock yourself out .
this crabcake patty is the best thing ive ever eaten in between bread perfectly crisp on the outside fresh tomatoes and lettuce some lemon juice mayo and a soft bun best lunch ever .
warning this place is now known as dosa corner but beware as s s below mentioned it is the same level of subpar service and terrible food check out my dosa corner review to see a more detailed description on my dining experience .
this is a very good market to pick up quality items to cook at home or for a prepared take away the sandwiches are very good and fresh the salads are also noteworthy the baked cookies and brownies are always tasteful and moist .
i think i might die from the salt or msg in the ramen delicious but i felt like i was being cured as i ate it im  and ill now .
love it kids menu could have more choices but awesome every time lobster bisque is incredible good sandwiches a little pricey but you cant put a value of this view .
good service but fatty food .
good food and very quick fantastic view of the lake without the high prices or long wait of some other dinner spots crab cake sandwich was fresh and very tasty .
eh the breads are boring and dry to me the sandwiches are boring and dry to me its too small for me im not a sweets person so that has no appeal to me tis not meant to be for le bus and me .
i love this market the sandwich selection is huge and overall the feel of the place is great you can grab your food and enjoy it at the tables outside i prefer it to  and the other  in the area .
i got a bagel here once it was the worst bagel ive ever had in my life it ruined my day other things looked pretty good i guess but please do not get the bagels dont let them ruin your day too .
they make a  pizza that is awesome i wish they continued making pizzas in the outdoor oven because i thought those were some of the best pizza recipes in new haven i think the outdoor pizza was a  promotional thing but they were amazing .
the service is really slow only 3 tables occupied and it took over 25 mins for the food to come out seems like a  of inexperienced staff running the restaurant seems like a quick and easy place to get food but it is not .
your sandwiches are perfect ive always ordered it to go and ive never been disappointed .
the most watereddown thai food i have ever had in my life nuff said and never again .
great selection of fresh produce and of course ben jerrys i frequent here several times a week and have never encountered a single frown from a staff member .
we came here on a thursday night and had an ok experience our noodles dishes were mediocre at best in an area that has such great thai options i would probably not come back here .
go to pm all the time great sandwiches and deli items good to pick up  groceries ct local produce eggs etc everything else comes from the supermarket to save very nice staff great community feel .
very average thai food i had a summer roll and chicken pho the chicken was tender but the broth was generic the portions were large but i wouldnt come back .
nice little market not as pricy as the others on orange st if they dont stock what you want you can ask for it and they will cant ask too much more from a neighborhood grocery store .
now under new ownership and things have taken a turn for the worse in the kitchen and the front of the house tom yum noodle soup went from being delicious and flavorful to flavorless and  what a shame as i was a longtime customer but no more .
grew up in bayonne and family has been going for 50 plus years salads all home made and made fresh daily rice pudding baked beans roast beef are all  .
hands down the worst most un flavorful thai food ive ever had woof if i could give it 0 stars i would gladly do so .
without a doubt the best service the staff were cheerful and were not cheap in their  yummy .
the beef salad was void of the traditional lime infusion the pad thai was made with ketchup let me say that again ketchup service was friendly but the quality of food was awful in the big apple there truly is at least twenty better thai options .
great food every time this is my regular spot for indian take out despite having to drive from the  area spiciest vindaloo ive ever had .
my delivery order came as a wet sloppy mess all over the bag the lemon used in my salad tasted like a chemical clearly from a bottle at least my soup had some crunchy fresh veggies and the mushroom dumplings within were pretty tasty .
delicious indian food attentive friendly servers clean warm space neighborhood gem .
really really lame not worth it if i could give it lower then one star i would .
excellent food and even better service we were treated like kings these guys know how to do it i recommend .
this place is terrible the reviews are all fake the noodle wasnt even cooked .
food had an excellent flavor the staff was warm and courteous however it was a bit pricey for the portion of food that was provided .
its really just very mediocre .
i order takeout literally three times a week my favourite indian food by a mile i love their extra spicy chicken tika and garlic nan soooo good .
awful the food is way too greasy and the delivery drivers are incredibly rude .
food here is absolutely incredible i had the aloo sag and it was the best ive had ever excellent onion kulcha as well i will definitely be back during visits to brooklyn .
they have good pizza and entertainment but thats it there food is not good at all too bad years ago it was really good .
best garlic naan great korma .
had lunch there food was terrible my quiche must have been made several days ago .
this is easily the best indian restaurant that i have ever eaten at everything they make is delicious especially the naan and the vegetable samosas i highly recommend this place the staff is also very quick and extremely nice do yourself a favor and support this restaurant .
rude staff mediocre food and generally a terrible experience go to naunas or anywhere else instead hell go to dominos over this place .
great food and service very friendly atmosphere feels like youre with family in good company i love it highly recomended .
worst tacos in bk brisket tasted like water breakfast taco also totally  womp womp .
 has delicious food and very nice owners they always make me feel very welcome to visit .
ordered on a wednesday night at 9 pm was told 45 mins  90 minutes later i finally cancelled the order this despite the restaurant  me 3 times that the order was already on the way .
food was great very authentic indian food that filled me up right very small place not great for large parties the server a young  was a but  but meant well staff was attentive and were polite will definitely return .
nice tacos for new york but really slow delivery .
this place is absolutely amazing the meal deal for 12 95 that gets you an app entrée and nan amazing and the flavor is exactly what you want when youre craving indian food another bonus byob but i mostly get delivery and theyre usually very prompt .
im shocked so many people rave about this place my neighbor suggested it but warned it was a bit pricy he wasnt joking the tiny tacos are way overpriced mind you it was good but i can make good tacos at home and they would be bigger .
friendly staff great food excellent portions and inexpensive prices whats not to like i will definitely come back again if im in the area again .
found two pieces of hair in my tacos .
ive got take out twice both times were pretty good at decent prices and good serving sizes the menu is nice and extensive so im sure there is something for everyone .
the tacos were legit but the nachos contained mass amounts of canned cheese which the waitress  as fresh its not bad but dont go expecting anything spectacular .
the absolute best garlic naan fantastic service and tasty  food the vegetable samosas are wonderfully spiced this is a new favorite spot if it were closer to my apartment i would eat there at least once a week .
this place is way over hyped if you like to wait 45 minutes for tacos surrounded by  and pushy people then this is the place for you .
bit pricey but food is always fresh location is clean very humble and relaxing atmosphere .
all the ambiance of sitting in the living room of a cheap apartment with 40 drunk people the food is average at best im not mad because it was free and the servers are clearly busting their  but id never go back .
the food here is delicious and better than your average indian restaurant we always order it for delivery and the food piping arrives hot which is nice the only down side is that it sometimes takes about an hour for delivery .
 this place was completely unremarkable servicewise though puerto  was truly terrible .
chicken dosa is pretty awesome must try .
mediocre food but not the worst ive had in this area .
excellent chicken tikka it was empty for lunch with no buffet i got superb service the owner talked to me and treated me for dessert the naan is some of the best i have had .
the entree i bought has sucked for the past few years dry rice and peas bland to poorly seasoned curry goat and stale  bread i will not be back there .
their delivery is on time biryani is delicious chicken t masala yum i prefer them over pearl .
not great ordered chicken  and mole enchilada both filled with chunks of fatty gross chicken i almost threw up  is so much better .
finally went to  last week small but clean restaurant very pleasant people the one time i really enjoyed a place that was highly recommended on yelp the food was excellent cant wait to go back and bring my peeps with me .
i was not impressed by the food here the chicken enchiladas and fajitas are a definite pass i couldnt even force myself to eat it ended up throwing it out what a waste .
they deliver to me and i am grateful the 2 meal deal is how i do it i mix and match every time and its always delicious ive only ever gotten delivery the delivery guy is always smiling and that cool too .
we ordered lunch at noon its  no lunch fail .
delicious food among the best ive had in brooklyn im not a fan of dining in because the place is a bit small but the food is delish pity they dont deliver to where i live onion fritters were good garlic naan was soft and fluffy .
underwhelmed bronzino seemed ok at best came for a nice solo sunday dinner literally leaving here to go to the closest pizza place i spent 50 for just me live and learn .
the food was fast and yummy theyre always pleasant i like this spot for quick indian favs are garlic naan and tikka masala lamb and chicken are perfect .
overpriced service was decent but was not blown away by the quality or preparation of the meat wouldnt return .
this was my second time here and once again the food was delicious .
what a disappointment and overpriced on top of that everything was adequate and that is sad given the reputation of the owners service at bar and table was inattentive and not  a somewhat  eatery .
the best indian food ive had the staff is sweet and make you feel like family .
too expensive for brooklyn i love bone marrow this really killed it for me blah .
amazing food beautiful service nicely presented we ordered saag paneer and baingan bharta were vegetarian and a couple of garlic naan all delicious no alcohol served not a problem though as we were kindly offered byob and recommend a place to buy nearby really happy .
how far the mighty have fallen i ate here many times the year it opened this may back in the nabe we stopped in again honestly it was like eating at chilis oversalted too sweet  down and disappointing done .
yummy chicken tandoori and their masala delicious when im home during the day i get their lunch box special a lot of food for 9 .
this place looks is like chart house service was fine but the food was expensive and boring my veggies were swimming in oil and over salted i hope the sushi place is better .
the chicken tikki marsala lunch special is amazing .
garlic knots didnt have garlic and the gravy they provided wasnt great the buffalo wings where just okay the hawaiian was disgusting grocery store ham and canned pineapple with the same boring sauce order dominos if you want something more tasty .
amazing food best indian food ive had in brooklyn thus far the staff is extremely pleasant and create a comfortable homie environment and they deliver .
i have ordered pick up and delivery here and i just do not like their pizza i tend to like a sweeter sauce like   and the former  used i liked the cold subs but i do not go to a pizzeria for a cold sub .
lightning fast delivery of  indian great lunch special deals and aloo gobi tikka masala is just fine best thing on the menu though coconut stuffed fried naan  anyway its  .
i ordered a pizza from here and it was one of the most disappointing pies ive ever tasted the dough tasted like cardboard and there wasnt any flavor to speak of it was just so bland the sandwiches especially the ones named after local towns are excellent .
very kind deliver guys i am happy with the food and the lunch specials .
good pizza if you like to eat it with a straw and  expensive for what you get and forget about service .
their food is delicious and fresh best of all their naan is never burnt its always soft and fluffy and melts in your mouth everything i tried from here is pretty good absolutely delicious .
my pita was so dry and horrible i felt like i was eating dirt i am shocked at how high the reviews are for this place given how terrible the food is pass .
this place is a good example of the authentic indian food great  of dishes in the menu everything is fresh and  its a family owned business and everyone is very friendly the best indian restaurant in brooklyn .
i got tomato soup and grilled cheese the grilled cheese on pita was underwhelming and the soup was thinly disguised marinara sauce not impressed .
came here for a date its nice cause its an around the way spot but romantic cause its so small and intimate fits about 12 people great food and my date loved it too will come back .
this place is nothing special the  were mediocre at best the service was good and the bathrooms were clean but overall i am sure i will not be back .
best indian restaurant in brooklyn love the   masala garlic naan and the two course meal deal is for the win good for a nice date and its byob next to a liquor store .
maybe i just ordered the wrong thing but i couldnt even finish my chicken and bacon pita i will definitely try again based on the other positive reviews maybe it was an off night but the chicken was not good at all downright bad .
the saag paneer is out of this world and a must try .
this is the first and last time i would ever call this dominos pizza they charged my for a pizza and never delivery it .
the best chicken samosa ive ever had the best samosa ive ever had even took some for the road amazing tikka masala service was a little slow but still great prices are right this place is a must .
delivery sucks go pick it up been waiting for 1 5 hrs the store is only 1 mile away they told us 3045 minutes wanted to pick up but they told me driver left pizza was cold of course order for pick up not delivery .
great food friendly owners we will go again .
falafel was great hummus average greek salad was unique but not very good small tables with  decor .
authentic north indian cuisine the food here is really rich in flavor and the portions are generous definitely worth the price everything off the menu tastes great .
i made a reservation through open table had to confirm with a credit card and the hostess tried to  me off at the bar service and food ok .
some of the best indian ive had in new york recently march 2012 the food seems to have changed a bit but the  meal deal can not be beat .
i work down the block so ive been here a few times last time they undercooked my steak so much i had it  for a burger totally disgusting the steak was more raw than rare .
pretty good i was excited to find this place in the area the owner was pretty nice gave up complimentary dessert standard indian fare .
this place is way too expensive for what they offer also there is no bottle of wine less than 70 on the menu .
exceptional extremely nice waiter i gave up trying to  his name but really nice guy i definitely feel like family here best indian food in brooklyn .
horrible food place is dirty and the food is terrible .
everything was amazing from appetizers to dessert it was all authentic .
the food is horrible i actually got sick from eating at this disgusting place i am never going back .
love this place tiny but the food was delicious cheap and generous sized portions had the vegetable samosa and the veggie  wish i lived closer so i could come more often .
the dosas here really are terrible and the place is a dump the food was cold and certainly not flavorful i have had good dosas from restaurants in jersey city and the ones at dosa  are  .
great food fantastic service they brought a free mango lassi for my 3 year old daughter will come back again soon .
the food is not the best chinese in town and they have a huge roach problem my friend lived upstairs and ive seen the infestation for myself the i exterior is dirty and greasy and they are rude avoid .
fantastic naan bread great chicken tikka and samosas to write home about gandhi is the best restaurant ive been to since my move to  .
they were closed for renovations for a while i was disappointed to find out that they wouldnt be serving sushi anymore we werent too happy with their chinese food so we dont order from yummy yummy anymore .
everything you could want from an indian restaurant it really is the tastiest food i would even be willing to put up with less satisfactory customer service but they are super nice to boot .
rotten sushi it was disgusting we ordered twice from them and the sushi was rotten def not as good as the reviews say there other better sushi places on bayonne .
i just got back from the restaurant its small so good idea i planned on takeout the staff was surprisingly extremely polite they invited me to have a seat while i waited and gave me a sample of their mango  which i promptly added to my order .
large portions of fatty food with soso ingredients perfect for fat people large servings lost in the 1980s might be better if they  a cook .
excellent food warm and welcoming atmosphere and lovely service we had a great meal all 3 times weve eaten at gandhi and definitely plan to visit again .
service was incredibly slow customer service was horrible food was ok .
consistently good food ive both dined in and ordered for delivery and everyone from the owners to  are nice and courteous the portions are perfect for me a veggie dish rice and nan last two meals and leave me a little too full .
very full of people i didnt much like drinks were expensive and merely ok but hey dont think theyll miss me theres people queueing down the street to get in .
awesome indian food in brooklyn .
annoying all the way around not great cocktails loud drunk customers snotty doormen didnt eat so not sure but way overrated .
i love this place ive only ordered by delivery but plan on going to the restaurant soon as the people who deliver have always been super sweet they are always fast and ive never had any problems with the order plus the food is delicious too of course .
make sure you have a reservation even if youre coming by just for drinks because otherwise the guy at the door wont even let you in  they have one of the best manhattans in manhattan but if you cant in .
wonderful food and service a great find best indian food ive had in brooklyn .
 attitude price and mediocre drinks the bartender with a eo tattoo super rude and obviously high most of the time dont go here try the bath tub gin in chelsea u r gonna love it .
some of the best indian ive had in nyc superior to the jackson heights spots that seem to get all the hype you might expect one or several complimentary apps as well as some delectable rice pudding to boot and the vegetable korma a special i believe outstanding .
overall the food was very good good service cool atmosphere but i would try to find a place with bigger portions for the price .
this place is  food is consistently good the couple running it are awesome reasonably priced i live nearby and this is my goto place for take out ive eaten there once and that was nice too the service is great and they give you free desserts .
good ambiance average food  service will only return when i am  inebriated to both enjoy the latenight menu and not get bothered with the severe attitude of the staff and servers id give three stars but the waitstaff seriously  the experience .
cute little indian place thats a step above the average vindaloo joint cute and small very nice staff and reasonably priced a real gem of a find in this restaurant deprived hood .
horribly overcrowded and filled with stupid sloppy drunks .
from the owners of joy in prospect heights gandhi is the new indian spot in  i ordered the lamb  lamb malai banana pakora samosas and mango lassi everything was ridiculously good im looking forward to trying the rest of their menu .
eo has all the glamour that  the  has  bartender  me into the corner to accommodate a few  model types and i had my   spread all over the bar and had to  place hasnt been cool in years .
nice local deli good food friendly prompt service purchased a groupon and then another because it was so good would recommend this place and will go back myself soon great daily specials and regular menu items would like to try some breakfast options too .
 week 4 seals in dress whites went up to the door and were turned away because we dont allow people in  into the bar .
great deli good food and reasonable prices only had breakfast bacon egg and cheese it should be called the bacon egg bacon cheese and bacon mmmm good havent had lunch here yet but all of the  are  fresh and made to order .
i came here expecting kind of a hidden gem it felt like your basic dive bar with slightly better food i wasnt really that impressed with the drinks food service or environment most likely just not my scene maybe its yours though g .
the coffee is amazing 5 stars all around a great neighborhood gem .
a haiku west village yuppies pay for mediocrity employees only ps they dont have soy milk at brunch racists .
the pancakes are amazing sandwiches amazing and we got small pieces of watermelon to go with our food i definitely will come back .
not what it used to be service has gone downhill move on .
i love this place it has a funky atmosphere decent and original food for vegetarians like me and reasonable pricing with happy hour coffee discounts i stop in just about every time i am on the avenue .
dont believe the hype overpriced overpriced overpriced the food is okay the drinks are good but you have to take out a mortgage to get drunk and the most interesting people there are the staff .
this is a great little spot service is friendly and quick coffee delicious i also really enjoyed the breakfast burrito will be back .
the guy at the door decided that we were not getting in come back in half an hour it was saturday night sunday morning 145 am just wanted a good night drink and thats it will try again someday and maybe change my review   .
great latte and tea options .
falls short of a philly cheesesteak .
popped in here one morning to wait out a storm and traffic  great selection of home made food lovely coffees friendly staff lovely atmosphere and wireless what more can you ask for .
we found a hair in our food which happens the waiter pulled the hair from the sushi and  to  that the hair was my friends the food was not great and i plan to never return .
its a small local business with a surprisingly rich and full menu me and my girlfriend usually end up here on sundays for breakfast and coffee for me its on par with green eggs and sabrinas cafe but wrapped in smaller more convenient and chill package .
half price sushi sign on their front window is what led us to eat here and thats what we got sushi with half the quality staff that half cared and surprisingly slow service we were the 2nd of two tables .
service is fast friendly and food options are great i hear its byob now which is a nice addition breakfast blt is delicious .
i went here and had the worst and most ride service i have ever experienced most of the people were okay but the kid trying to take my order and the cashier were horrible food was average nothing special and too greasy .
am here now free wifi good food reasonable prices ok to sit for a while bottomless mug of coffee a new favorite spot will definetly come again .
cheap but hey you get what you pay for overprocessed cold cuts greasy fried food nasty lettuce boring bread did i mention its cheap there are plenty of better places in town unless youre on a tight budget .
came here for brunch while on vacation my fiancé and i both had the apple  french toast and it was really good great atmosphere and very friendly staff would definitely recommend and revisit in the future .
used to be great back in the day now a bunch of disrespectful  and brown lettuce .
with people like  d opening up great quality stores like this its our duty to support local businesses to keep them open .
i used to go here all the time until the help changed the food is good but the help is not polite and disrespectful they think they are the only place around the place needs to find a way to maintain a crowd better .
coffee la colombe was soso but its better than youll find at most places what really sets this place apart though are the vegetarian options e g being able to substitute seitan for what would otherwise be a meaty burrito .
average at best .
wonderful find i was just passing through the area and yelped this location thank you .
worst cheesesteak ever added with bad service and hoagie haven was hoagie hell .
a great place to chill their breakfasts are fresh they have great choices for lunch as well awesomely friendly staff .
food is okay but people worked there are impatient and not very friendly if you want to come up with all the fancy names you better give your  customers some time to figure them out body bag what the heck is that .
best breakfast burrito in philly i cannot get enough of it i eat here at least once a week and have never had anything else for breakfast its that good seriously if you like a little kick order it with sriracha in it .
the sandwiches at wawa are way better and dont make you feel bleh afterward i must say though the fried mac and cheese at hoagie haven is delicious but again bleh .
still love my black n brew cafe nice place to grab a quick breakfast bite in the morning artsy hipster feel but cool light energy the staff are wonderfully attentive a great time to have with your cup of joe .
over rated the food is pure garbage .
good coffee and i strongly recommend the vegan hash .
greasy junk honestly you take two bites of a fat lady or a  and youre done with it their buffalo fries are good though hence two stars .
pancakes were good eggs were ehh i dont know if ill come here famished ever again but it was cheap and seems like an ok place to hang out .
i dont get it people swear by this place but i think its because any food tastes good when you are drunk and hungry it is open late and is right beside the  inn i think the sandwiches from the wawa are better .
they brew la colombe never a bad thing they have a healthy menu and vegan options always a plus friendly staff tasty baked goods .
ordered take out and got gnocchi and falafel gyro it was very bland from the brief time i spent at the bar the ambiance seemed nice and the bartender was friendly for its price the food was disappointing .
wonderful neighborhood spot had the short stack 2 whole wheat pancakes with chocolate chips great flavor and you wont feel like a  has been  in your stomach after consuming the service was very friendly and personable and the restroom immaculate always a plus after coffee .
they just decided not to do brunch today and then the girl at the bar had an attitude about it stay away .
great quality food and service the breakfast menu includes sandwiches great coffee and a great breakfast burrito which is my favorite outside and inside seating makes it great for all all is great here .
avoid mandatory 20 tip that is not on the menu bad service under staffed small portions nothing good about this place avoid .
this shop has a pretty good breakfast menu to go along with the coffe they serve which is pretty good nice interior pleasant workers and wifi good luck finding parking though thats the only downside to shopping in this area .
least friendly bartender of the day as i look around every single person is drinking out of a straw meh .
i go as much as possible mostly breakfast all the meals are yummy great service great  of the people who work there always makes my morning great smoothies and chai .
this is where older yuppies and high bank account types go to drink .
had breakfast banana pancakes and turkey bacon both of which were really good but not nearly as good as the service was .
the tapas here were fair ive definitely had better tapas for less but its got a great vibe and the staff is fantastic its a not a bad way to spend an evening but if youre looking for amazing tapas keep looking .
black n brew is one of my favorite neighborhood brunch spots theres always and excellent selection of food love the specialty french toast at a very fair price the coffee is nice and strong the staff always attentive and the atmosphere always warm give it a try .
another snobbish over priced tapas bar i wish casa  didnt launch this trend they totally missed the concept of tapas spain is looking at you with angry eyes also the food is not that good .
the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because they close at 5 or 4 on weekends it would be nice if they were open later .
humdrum food outrageously expensive pitcher of sangria 40 decent service and music better tapas places exist in nyc but where .
came here on a stressful morning after a bridal fitting not mine and it was perfect a laid back cafe with generous coffee servings and the best brunch around order the butterscotch pancakes or toasted banana bread theyre unbelievable plus the cafe is doggie friendly .
only one dish of  split by three people was memorable and we spent 300 which was totally ridiculous that being said nothing was   .
this place made me like breakfast burritos theyre awesome the coffee is eh i cant tell if its really strong or just really burnt added plus they dont mind if you bring your dog s inside while waiting for your takeout .
so overated disappointing sangria had a gallon of ice  fritters had no taste at all dates left a bad aftertaste shrimp was very good potatoes were tasty overall no way best tapas bland .
ive been here a couple times and this place has impressed each time they have a nice broad selection of menu items and they serve em hot its one of those  and  places its good .
two stars for service food was way too salty two of us spent 50 for lunch without drinks and had to have lunch again .
under new ownership the sauce is much much better now it tastes more fresh than before and is no longer this weird sour tomato goop had the brooklyn pie and it was very very good would recommend again now that its under new ownership .
sigh love the food though have not been able to get them to deliver the last 4 times weve called with no explanation guess the delivery every day doesnt  to every day plenty of other places to try .
this is the best pizza around the brooklyn is better than any i have had anywhere else the bbq chicken and buffalo chicken are also excellent .
first and last time ever ordering this from nasty place it took 2 hours for the food to come i ordered chicken tenders and fries i only got two little chicken tenders the guy who delivered the food was very rude i wouldnt recommend it .
i have had most things on the menu you really cant go wrong with any of them the wraps pizza and wings are all very good .
good bar but the    ruins it .
one of the better pizza places ive been to on a good day the minestrone soup is killer lacking consistency in the kitchen on certain days but a good experience overall .
free jukebox was nice but dinner closed at eight and no beers on tap awful burger .
there fresh rolls lack shrimp there are only two pieces where other places have 3 the pho is phenomenal better than other places in the area but it is also about 2 up in price vs other places enjoy .
one of the worst restaurants in chinatown to start my rangoon appetizer favorites was greasy my chilli seafood dish was too salty my   noodle was room temperature and the noodles were over cooked .
amazing food they need to charge more very healthy fresh and when you leave you feel great .
i didnt quite like the food here everything was way too oily and felt like the dishes were a poor copy of penang and banana leaf would not come again and they dont accept american express .
best authentic viet food around the hartford area .
disappointing brunch had omelette if thats what you want to call it instead one of those bad diner omelettes dry overcooked egg pancake that they  over after burning home fires mush hamburger frozen patty what a shame .
great food nice and friendly services its pretty good for a restaurant that just opened i love it people shouldnt miss this place its great .
prices are not as advertised charge you 60 more than what prices are listed and then pretend they dont know english when you ask them about it .
just opened march 2013 friendly service good prices spare but comfortable interior my first meal was the pork chop plate with egg i asked for and got it with my favorite broken rice very good ill be back to try more items .
there should be an option for 0 stars for places like this .
im glad this place is around its an easy stop to grab a couple sandwiches and its a convenient liquor store since they sell beer wine and hard alcohol .
honestly the food is okay at best got the beef broccoli with brown rice the won ton soup wad decent .
one of our favorite locals for great sandwiches interesting wine and friendly service cant go wrong with a sloppy joe excellent gazpacho .
very disappointing i ordered the tomato pizza and what i got was more like i regular pizza with a salad dumped on top of it maybe i am not hip enough to appreciate artisan pizza but i just wanted a good pie and this didnt satisfy .
great deli and solid selection of fooddrinks in general service is very good everyone is helpful and nice great lunch spot .
ive been here about 10 times since february impressive place great atmosphere great beer and usually great food but the quality had declined over the past few months overcooked brisket and ribs subpar bacon hopefully they can turn this back around .
great gourmet style deli and food market they have the famous town hall deli sloppy joes and pals soup call order in otherwise youll drop a ton of money on the fancy sides available wish they delivered .
place sucks bad food bad drinks not worth it unless youre having a quick beer with a group .
best  in north jersey i have been there several times and have never had a bad meal my go to are the joes but again nothing is bad .
ambiance is nice only issue is that no one was in the place and its friday .
although pricey sandwiches at fairchilds are worth every penny i typically opt for the turkey on country white but the ham and brie is also delicious also am a fan of their rotating craft beer selection .
this place is part of restaurant com beware they do not honor on saturday and it is not noted they scam the customer and blame restaurant com service is poor if you are a male couple .
fairchilds market is a delightful place to dine the people are kind and helpful especially the people behind the counter and in the deli my favorite meal is the french fries everything has great quality and i cant be more delighted with the service go go go  .
pizza was good beans with burnt ends where us the meat service was okay salmon cake special so so all in all not impressed .
delicious im back in nj for a visit im not sure i can go back without a years supply of the  cheese pies .
terrible service and the owner is just flat out unfriendly ive been there many times before yet it never  .
max has the best food and pizza around .
terrible experience slow service people who have been waiting are getting up and walking out before their food arrives never again .
this place has yet to disappoint so much great food for dirt cheap prices all the servers are nice and the food comes out very fast best bbq place in the entire area .
14 for slice pork 17 for chicken no no go get something else not recommend not come back .
good stuff all around cant go wrong they will make your chicken crispy if that is the way you like it i do and spicier upon request i do as well never have been let down que  .
good food but overpriced yelp said two dollar signs but for my girlfriend and i our bill was 50 all we ordered was two entrees and 2 sodas .
we had an amazing meal chicken ribs rice and fries all of it was finger licking good so flavorful im looking forward to going back and checking out the salmon and salad you have got to try this place .
service was great but the food was way too overcooked and dry garlic rice could have used more garlic flavor as well .
love this place food is great and those who work there are good busy spot but overall very good .
the food here was average at best it didnt taste like authentic filipino food it was like a fusion restaurant mediocre .
i had the garlic clams wow they were delicious also had half portion of garlic shrimp which i had to take home as arnold  be back .
okay i finally got a hold of the mango pudding  gross so damn sweet yikes i should have just stuck to their halo halo and flan s got the  ummm i am not into this skinny fish .
hands down the best bbq place in newark or neighboring towns .
fuck you tripe .
for all the great  in newark this is the best simple good ass food and cant beat the price to portion ratio .
not a great place for dining late kitchen closes promptly at 10 pm we were not allowed to order halohalo at 1020 pm on a saturday night other than that the sisig was ok and the  was tasty .
hands down the best portuguese bbq in newark actually the best in nj i never leave the ironbound without stopping off for some chicken and ribs .
the tonic in my  was flat the cheese on the top of my onion soup was barely melted and the short ribs were very dry additionally it took us 30 minutes to get a check will not be going back .
in terms of standard bbq fare in the ironbound most of these restaurants have a hard time  themselves but not elm st with attention to detail and great customer service the elm st peeps always come through with fresh hot food always served with a smile .
food is  lamb meatballs were dry and the crab croquettes werent anything special more breading than crab .
my favorite is the broiled striped bass with salad that rocks on other days i go for their tbone steak or the chicken best food around the vicinity for a very reasonable price .
the worst place ever it took 30 minutes to get our food then when they brought it they brought the wrong food then they said they would adjust the bill and they actually overcharged us would not recommend this for anyone .
best portion size food is amazing service is  love coming here my favorite place by far .
service was nice and friendly food was cooked well but unfortunately very boring not sure why there was so much hype over this restaurant .
great food and wonderful service has turned this into a family favorite .
i have wanting to try this place for awhile and i was pretty disappointed overall i dont get what the big deal is the food was bland and nothing special ive had much better culinary experiences .
the vodka sauce on the the pasta was very good and i liked so much and i also liked pesto sauce too .
the food was not exceptional we saw   .
the food is phenomenal  control and building environment are a little lacking but that vodka rigatoni was soooooo good service was attentive .
mostly  appeal .
we had a threw my dad a surprise party here when he hit 50 everything was delicious and they provided countless great courses kudos to the friendly staff .
went today just to try the sliders since there were so many reviews on it disappointment it was ok but i wouldnt go back for it a second time .
a local company that i was visiting recently took me to this restaurant for lunch the food was excellent and the staff was very attentive i look forward to making a return visit to the area so that i can make a return visit to  ii .
i went there for brunch one cold sunday morning meh ok but nothing to brag about nice location but not impressed with food at all i feel like theres too much hype about this place or maybe i went there on their unusually bad day .
this place is probably the most coolest and most tastiest restaurant to eat at best pizzeria in hartford connecticut hands down great food and everything .
overpriced and the food isnt that great prices seem to also  on certain days .
this is the hubs 1 favorite place in new york he always gets the beef marrow oxtail steak tartare fried oysters whenever we have friends in town we always bring them here its a great experience for dining and even better for late night .
food was barely above airline quality couldnt take more than a few bites how do you screw up a sandwich and salad this badly .
all of the seafood is excellent also had the bone marrow ox and it was really good .
we ordered a nacho plate and a caesar salad thinking we could eat sooner than later but no after a full hour as we were just getting ready to leave the food arrived unfortunately our 2nd drinks were charged to us thus making a return highly unlikely .
great food and drinks the bone marrow with oxtail marmalade and duck breast are not to be missed taking off a star because they dont take reservations for parties of less than 5 meaning there is often a long wait for a table .
food was okay but expensive average for burlington .
one of my all time favorite places to go eat in the city food is amazing and hours are the best you cant go wrong with anything on the menu from the oysters to the pierogis to the fried chicken thats just a few great dishes .
bad service food is just ok love the back seating with the porch area though one time we ate in the windows facing church street and there were ants everywhere .
what a great place to come get a meal everything is generally good the place has a great feel and there is a ton of good booze combine that with the fact that the kitchen is open until 4am and you have a great place to hang out .
i have found the vegetarian options to be ultra boring the service was good but i have just never been at all happy about the food .
the food here is superb i enjoy their paella it always proves to be a satisfying meal this place has a great atmosphere with friendly staff this is one of the best places to dine in soho and along sullivan street .
the most disappointing part was the dessert the cookies were not home made and neither were the cinnamon buns the sandwich was ok a bit overpriced probably wont go back .
i came here for the seafood everything was fresh i didnt like the setup of the seating that much seemed crowded but that is just me .
the crepes are delicious but be prepared to  out a large portion of your day to eat here the wait is incredibly long always the service is poor and very slow so if you have three hours its worth the wait .
pretty good food especially the sashimi and sushi its a tad expensive and difficult to get a table at peak hours .
food quality and quantity has gone down also service staff has changed and needs improving sad because this place use to be awesome .
bone marrow fried chicken repeat amazing food but they dont take reservations so the wait can vary once went somewhere else for dinner it was so blah i came to blue ribbon because i knew it would revive the night .
owner is rude crepes are good but not worth the half hour or forty minute wait lost a good customer because of the long wait without an apology when the crepes finally came .
easily best restaurant in nyc every single food item is just superb staff is 6 stars out of 5 and the seafood tower  is the best in the world literally make sure to get enough shots of stoli with the tower for everybody at the table .
rude service from barista who gave me caffeinated coffee when i clearly asked for  the 10  tuna sandwich is actually regular canned tuna a little too much  attitude for the neighborhood .
we absolutely loved this place great food great service so close to the subway that you can have dinner there and take the subway to times square for the shows love this place .
kind of like chipotle or moes but not quite the same the concept is pick your own ingredients the ingredients are just so so and not my taste the place is clean and fast so they have that going for them .
the best all of the sushi is super fresh the service is impeccable the staff is super friendly the atmosphere is great one of my favorite places .
hairs in the salsa and workers dont wear hair nets never going back gross .
whats awesome about this place besides it opens until 4 a m and cure my oysters craving it has the best bone marrow the best ive ever had and tasty sweet and spicy catfish .
small portions and not as tasty as some of the alternatives service was friendly but dont recommend going here if you are hungry probably a slight step up above taco bell but the price difference is a deal breaker for me .
food is awesoome like really really good not fancy but nice young and chill pretty much perfect .
extremely overrated and crowded i have never had a meal here that i thought was anything special there are many better restaurants in the area i dont understand all of the positive reviews .
went there last saturday to celebrate friends birthday excellent food got short ribs the best ever got also tried friends order trout fresh and delicious love bread as well .
not a great value food was very good but not special in any way the wine list is exceptional but the prices are far higher than could be  by the food and wine service is good atmosphere is there are better places with lower prices choose elsewhere .
duck sandwich at 2 am was one of the most amazing things ive ever had oysters were delicious and our server was the kindest person i cant wait to get back here .
the restaurant is small and was way overcrowded for the space we were seated 45 minutes after our reservation time food so so not worth the wait and the establishment attempting to get way too much out of their little space .
late night quality dining fare we found this lovely little place  and were greatly rewarded the menu and wine list were solid and the service was prompt i have no real complaints only compliments great place to go after the show .
im surprised by all the raving reviews ambience is a nice trendy atmosphere but ive been here twice and i left thinking nothing special each time i went into it with an open mind ordered differently the 2nd time too if its busy the parking situation sucks too .
truly   appetizers just get your own order of the  already .
ambiance and service was good but food and drinks were nothing to write home about and it was also quite expensive would not recommend it as you could find much better restaurants for this price .
great food attentive waitstaff small and intimate an overall great combination had the ravioli and was pleasantly surprised friends had the steak upon the suggestion from the waiter hours later we were still talking how delightful was the place .
ive been here 3 times and 3 times i have not enjoyed any of what i ate i kept going back because of all the hype smh i dont get the masses sometimes .
the rack of lamb is bomb it honestly might be the best rack of lamb i have ever had i highly recommend it .
this is a classic breakfast place this place needs a  clean up it is not pretty at all it is crowded and cramped food is ok very trendy type of place definitely need some hygiene checks waitstaff is affected .
review to follow .
most overrated brunch in philly long wait for exceedingly average food in a small loud and crowded space better options abound for brunch .
dinner wasnt that great but i think this place has one of the best brunches in the city i usually have the eggs benedict and its delicious .
sams needs a better system the wait is ridiculous outside and in your told 15 min and wait 45min get in and waited another 15 to give your order and they tell you their out of items on the today special wtf .
came here on a tuesday night with a girlfriend for some drinks and oysters fresh and delicious try lol .
not feeling the service love here no  no  .
had to go with the fried chicken at the servers recommendation and it did not disappoint .
the food was not very good the biscuit is huge dry and salty and i love salt the homefries are roasted potatoes and the homemade ketchup is marinara roasted potatoes with marinara if it said that on the menu nobody would order it .
i am so lucky to live one block from this place they have the best fried chicken i should know because i grew up in georgia the food here is not trendy like most restaurants downtown i could eat here a few times a week .
very disappointing rude person taking orders on the phone and was told there is a 30 credit card minimum to me that sounds crazy terrible customer service dont bother since there are many other places that treat customers well .
food was amazing and they have great hours you can order food until 4am this beats any restaurant in the area .
very disappointing after reading all the rave reviews came here for the sushi rolls lunch with high expectations got 3 different rolls none of which seemed fresh all were bordering on disgusting definitely wont be back .
great ambiance friendly staff amazing food but extremely pricey if i could afford this place i would go every week .
i was near  church st  for some thai food instead i decided to try  for the 1st time the staff was very pleasant cordial i opted for the french fries overall it was an ok experience due to too much salt added to the fries .
so completely very satisfied raw oyster could have been a little more choice but still great i had the bone marrow and creamy oxtail for appetizer and their short ribs main course was outstanding definitely a new favorite on my list and look forward to many more visits .
not veggie friendly there is one sandwich and the only good thing about it is the bread lots of raw spinach and mushrooms meh and aioli or something its expensive church street though so what do you expect .
such a great date night spot friendly staff good food and great drinks highlights are the fried chicken and catfish be prepared to wait for a bit on a weekend night but they do a great job of moving tables along quickly and the bar wasnt too crowded .
took them 15 minutes to  a hot chocolate and put a cookie on a plate if youre retired and waiting for the inevitable might as well spend it waiting here to be served .
great restaurant fresh perfect portions great customer service highly recommended .
i was not impressed with this place at all i had a restaurant com certificate and im sorry i wasted it on this place service was ok friendly but not overly attentive but sushi was not very tasty i wouldnt go come back here for sushi boo .
cool place love the atmosphere and location late night great vibes little expensive for the area but worth it can only speak for the oysters which were nice i feel like oysters are either good or bad theres not really an  .
ninos used to have the best penne and chicken in vodka sauce we used to look forward to it on fridays i guess we will have to look for another spot who ever the cook was bring him back please .
friday night at  still lively and delicious .
no good soggy and oily pizza did not like it at all the middle of the pizza was like a chunk of cheese the cheese was not good quality .
the quintessential neighborhood low key late night fine dining feel like its part of soho identity .
ordered a pepperoni slice during a quiet sunday afternoon i was starving thankfully i received it in 5 min pizza its edible but the sauce needs work and personally the crust should be a little more crisp .
arrived on accident hubby and i thought this was blue ribbon sushi wanted to  the experience discovered the difference the moment we entered but decided to stay who can resist the smell of fried chicken not i .
they take for ever and the order is never right ill go else where you should too .
expensive trendy and worth every penny i ordered the pigeon decided to try the local fare and it was delicious .
this place has horrible service dont ever order delivery  and when you call to correct your order they will blame you and never refund or complete your order owner doesnt care about product or the customer stay away .
delicious and cool .
got pizza and wings delivered everything was cold and pizza was soggy i only live 3 blocks away .
beef marrow oxtail marmalade and the foie gras terrine were amazing the rack of lamb was a good follow up but just cant match the marmalade .
ate here based on other yelp reviews but i felt the quality and portion size was mediocre much better sushi to be found in the area .
i live in soho and this place opens at 4pm and you can still order dinner at 4am and eat fantastic food service is  easy to park hey its like non other .
food was ok service was terrible ambiance was similar to a retirement home only one parmesan shaker had to share .
i go to this place when in nyc a great late night option if you want solid food with great service oxtail is a must have .
found a bug in my chicken ceasar salad .
the bone marrow and marmalade oh my goodness it was my first experience with bone marrow and im sold everything else we had was delicious too but i cant remember what i had because well bone marrow .
overall the food was ok there wasnt anything special about this place .
went here years ago but i still remember the meal at 2am it was fantastic even at 6pm it would have been too beef marrow oxtail marmalade was amazing as was the rack of lamb .
food was bland and the vegetables taste like they were frozen previously my plate was quite pricey for the fact that i couldnt even finish it all and threw it away .
this place is intimate and service was great the waiters are knowledgeable and the food was out of this world everything was so fresh i highly recommend the duck and fried chicken .
not impressed i was there saturday night later than usual servers were not friendly food was fair i will continue to find a good vietnamese restaurant in northern nj i was generally disappointed with my order of pho maybe off night maybe not there is better .
ate here the other night and it was fantastic we had the fondue and wings as appetizers i had the fried chicken for my meal probably the best in nyc staff was amazing and constantly taking care of us .
they have dead mouse and roaches in the restaurant omg never going there again filthy .
bone marrow spread it on your bread fried oyster oye oye oye spread that sauce on your bread too its good this place is da  .
horrible service i sat there waiting to be served for almost 20 mins i just walked out due to  .
 shrimp and bone marrow .
the atlantic sole was so covered in frying oil and cheese it was hardly  as fish and for what they charge for desserts they could at least make the whipped cream from scratch instead of drowning a perfectly good brownie in cool whip .
when im in the village this is the place one of the reasons i miss new york when im not here .
great atmosphere but way overpriced for the portion size and food quality .
a great dining experience from start to finish couldnt be more pleased with the food or the service highly recommend .
cool theme i guess if you are into that stuff but not impressed with the food pesto seems canned and their fish tasted like it was coated in coffee i doubt they are farm fresh as the say tastes like restaurant depot aka  for restaurants .
great .
expensive and rather bland the   constantly playing is insulting to all .
a true west village gem nothing bets a 230am meal at blue ribbon with your buddies getting a reservation is tricky given the  of an early morning dinner the bone marrow is pure  and literally melts in your month .
i came here with several friends for an  coffee wed have liked to order dessert but the waiter was so put off that we werent ordering dinner that he never came back i wont be going back there .
bone marrow as my friend puts it taste like butter from the gods oysters are delicious friendly staff only thing i didnt like was hearing the conversation of the table next to us a little too close .
save your money and go elsewhere their chicken  tasted like sambar the chicken 65 was over fried and tasted like cardboard no salt even the roti was the only saving grace which got the 1 star will never go here again .
this place was amazing great late night spot with really good drinks and great food next time im in nyc i will go back .
nice atmosphere good service  appetizers minuscule portions exorbitant prices after dinner we needed to go out to eat more and we are not big eaters very disappointing .
if nothing else try the bone marrow with oxtail marmalade appetizer i personally recommend the royal paella and lamb .
this restaurant is in a great location and the space is very well done looking forward to the next restaurant in this space after this one goes out of business for incompetent service .
the fried chicken .
went for dinner the other night and was not really impressed after hearing about the michelin star and the price i was expecting something else the lamb was cold and the portions were exceptionally small .
probably our favorite all purpose restaurants in ny steak tartar and chicken burgers are well worth the drive themselves .
a disappointment to say to the least pulled pork sliders were dry and the brioche french toast was awful i think marc  needs to taste his food before he serves it id go back for the blood orange mimosa and thats about it .
love this place best  ever also try the fried chicken raw bar ny strip escargot pretty much everything is great no reservations for parties under 4 people the wait will be up to an hour during peak hours check it out .
they use a ton of styrofoam which i find  given the restaurant is kosher and run by  owners the food is great but the low star ranking is for my view that  animals is more than keeping kosher but also doing environmentally conscious business .
stellar meal late night eclectic and perfectly executed menu that gets you all tingly when you read it .
the place is pretty good but the guy who is always there acts like an  he doesnt know shit about being nice to costumers the food is pretty damn good but im not gonna come back here .
oysters and bone marrow is a  and  will be back again .
the prices arent bad but the quality is horrible somehow the rice was hard probably old  on rice wasnt pleasant .
cute american restaurant went with a small group of girlfriends and shared a few appetizers everything was great  beer tartare chicken  with a small fire so you crisp your wings calamari dessert was very good as well i recommend the creme brûlée .
they seated other people before us even though we were there first the fish tacos were okay but there was too much tomatoes overall the experience wasnt worth the wait .
we are a party of 7 everybody loved the food return maybe frequency rarely .
not worth the wait they need to figure out a better  system food was ok nothing out of this world certainly not food you wait 1 hour for .
fried oysters and bone marrow were perfect waiters were attentive cramped but cozy great spot earned its  .
we just moved to philadelphia from europe have yet to find all our go to places and lets just say the search continues nice staff cute place good value byo but the foods meh .
open until 4am my love affair with blue ribbon continues on since 2006 the only thing i need when at br bone marrow foie gras mouth watering goodness .
small standard menu everything was priced up 24 dollars per item food was good but dinner prices for breakfast ugh i thought that it was good but hyped by all the reviews in all caps .
overall very good food in a laid back environment the menu is pretty expansive so youll be able to find something even if you dont know what you are in the mood for service was good i would definitely return .
just went no big deal but my lady likes it so well be back nice menu not too high on the venue but most are .
good service and the  combo was perfection i ordered a drink that was disgusting and the waiter immediately took it back and  it from our bill although it was a special drink i had asked for specifically we will absolutely return in a future trip .
rude and dont get the  with the food extreme  as well wont be going back .
the original and the best one of my all time favorites .
stupid sabrinas why are you soo cool with those  hipsters their tight jeans and ironic tshirts  up all the tables so i cant have any food stupid sabrinas .
the food is incredible but the place is tooooo small very attentive and the staff accommodates to the needs of the customer .
hopefully by giving sabrinas one star i can a lower its rating which in turn b  less people to come here which means that i can then c get a damn table on a weekend .
best pick for dinner in nyc in my opinion very intimate with a wide variety of menu choices fried chicken is the best ive ever had the real reason you are here however is for the bone  marmalade app .
like i wrote my review their foods are awesome but the service is horrible unbelievable they should definitely train their staff .
formula for success at blue ribbon raw bar bone marrow fried chicken i pity the fool who doesnt order the bone marrow the thought of that oxtail marmalade is making my mouth water .
i was hoping for more sea bass was overdone but the sauce was good the scallop appetizer was cooked well but 15 for three scallops come on crowded loud and service is soso needless to say i will not be returning .
wow amazing 100 am meal as everyone has said the oxtail marmalade was out of this world i wanted to lick the  was that good the rock shrimp appetizer was surprisingly good and i loved the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and collard greens .
your typical overhyped west village restaurant snobby over crowded i might as well been eating with the couple next to me the food was nothing special and the service was absolutely horrible i wouldnt go back and i wouldnt recommend .
the environment here is cozy its for sure a cool place to hangout and enjoy great food you must try the bone marrow it was spectacular better than most of the places that ive tried .
food was tasty but overpriced with small portions worst of all the service was very slow .
delicious every bite and wonderful service the native regulars are friendly i would come here often if i lived in nyc love .
wish i could comment on the food we were first in the door for sunday brunch only to be ignored by wait staff fifteen minutes later after everyone in the place had drinks and orders in we walked out they didnt notice .
is there anything more fun more ny than ordering steak tartare martinis and a lobster at 130 am and having said order be so delicious and being greeted by the  with nice to see you again mr last name  i love that .
the wait was kind of long too long for this place ther service was really terrible the waitress looked very bored annoyed she was working the food was just ok the rigatoni was tasty but the brussel sprout side was undercooked lacked flavor i wont go back .
scallops were divine had no problem getting a seat for 2 at 830 on a friday night no reservation dark atmosphere attentive service i would say this was a great date place .
great atmosphere but my omelets was definitely overcooked 2 5 stars .
dont be fooled by the menu the onion soup isnt just normal onion soup its a scrumptious french onion soup thats totally worth trying see a picture of it here  blogspot com… .
great ambience cutesy and kitchy in the west village the food was soo soo i was still hungry from my salad the drinks were good tho its more of a scene than a place to  your stomach its a place to be seen rather than satisfied .
my last meal on earth would be my usual at blue ribbon brasserie 1 half dozen oysters 2 bone marrow oxtail marmalade 3 duck a lorange 4 creme brulee .
i have to agree with the food reviews below but the service was horrible if it hadnt been for my amazing drink and sandwich for brunch i would not recommend this place .
wow awesome love the bone marrow catfish pigeon oysters bread and wine selection .
the worst hamburger i have ever eaten in my life beer is nine dollars in a warm glass .
yes great service and to die for food .
perhaps the worst mexican food ive ever had the salsa seemed like ketchup mixed with some onions .
northeast oysters are large succulent and have a great after taste also the malbec goes great with them .
i gave it a 2 for atmosphere but the food was gross and the place smelled .
very yum .
great service too bad the food is mediocre and over priced .
this was a great date night great staff and ambiance extensive wine list and excellent bread you must get the bone marrow it was out of this world as were the oyster selections both east and west coast selections  i will go again  sure .
all i will say about this place is that it has ruined any  i may have ever had of finding good authentic mexican food in union county nj thanks alot beanas .
an amazing late night dinner spot great service and atmosphere the app platter was really impressive but dont get it if you want real dinner its very rich and filling we left around 2am and people were  in the door .
lets get one thing straight beanas is not mexican food if you want real mexican food in rahway please visit la  by the train station beanas is more like a mom and pop chilis with bad salsa not recommended .
 bone marrow gasp huge chunks of bone marrow and im in love ginza cocktail so delicious i had to get a second one surprising hint of horseradish in smoked trout salad well played blue ribbon well played .
classic dive bar experience cheap drinks and low key atmosphere the bartender bryan was a complete asshole and only paid attention to the people he knew at the bar got a beer and one shot and then left would have been better if the bartender was more friendly .
an authentic new york spot awesome service great food small dining room with a good buzz .
the absolute grossest people run this place is such a terrible shame since it should  its history .
delish delish bone marrow raw oysters everything was perfect and done very well the service was awesome the food was better period .
good place to visit on a hot sunny day because the customer service is as cold as their gelato its like they are bothered by your presence seriously get over yourself .
great bartender and delicious lamb chops oysters on the 12 shell were nice and  .
the quality of the baked goods is nothing special but i will stop in to purchase cannolis which are filled on demand the sheet pizza used to be very good but i noticed on my last visit that it was not fresh .
this place is so so so so good thats all i have to say try it just try it .
i ordered onion and pepper pizza clearly over the phone when i got home i had olive and peppers yuk i hate olives i called and wouldnt even offer me credit or deliver me a new one ruined my new years thanks bar .
love this place so much great food and they stay open so late so i am able to have a good meal when i get out of work .
wore a  was asked to put on a shirt or leave wont be coming back why dont they just hang a sign outside that says no gays or latinos seems like itd save them some time .
i dont understand the bad reviews and you wont either did i mention you can set yourself straight on this point at 300 am you can personal  sweetbreads bone marrow oysters re visiting asap .
disappointing i came here after rave reviews the pizza was like warm at best when it arrived when we asked them to reheat it they pretty much said they couldnt do anything i will not be coming back pepes modern and sallys are much better .
its another late night in the city that never sleeps and you have a  palate go ignore the weird 90s decor and focus on the food the bone marrow and oxtail marmalade are a must and the seasonal oysters are fresh and so tasty .
pizza good service terrible beer dirty and warm bring your  journal for a pseudo yuppie reading with  or  or some other  in a  jacket with elbow  new haven is lame .
great food low key great to not need reservations but still eat well menu covers a huge variety great staff and service .
the pizza is good but why the hell do i have to pay cover if im just there to eat pizza with my pregnant wife never again lost our business .
i was happy that i found here at  for fresh oysters there was a line to get the table i sat at the bar with my friend and ordered a dozen of  3 50 it was the best oysters so we ordered for another round .
good pizza but horrible service .
i love this place fried  lamb chops and an awesome bottle of wine all available at 200 in the morning ive been going there for 10 years and it never disappoints .
been here twice when visiting new haven the locals seem to love it but every time i come its really slow terrible service and subpar food .
ate at a dinner party in the wine cellar a few years ago and was wowed with the wine food and service it was a wonderful fun night with amazing food .
went here to get pizza with a friend the service was okay and ive had better pizza .
my haiku review great place for a date the fried oysters are the best  in new york .
two hour wait for a party of 7 people still they couldnt promise a table we had to leave for another restaurant i give them a rating of one for very poor service .
simply my favorite restaurant .
their pizza is good their service sucks im not sure who picks the hostess but they have been consistently retarded they never know the appropriate wait time tried  2 tables with the manager and to   he got the reservation but could not hold the reservation .
i mean is there something more to say this place has been rated the best sushi in nyc many many times for some good traditional japanese food and some sashimi that will melt in your mouth you must must go here .
worst service ever .
best raw bar the bartenders are friendly and attentive part of the reason we chose this neighborhood highly recommended .
the wait was ridiculous as they tried to  a table of people out of the way for our group unfortunately they werent moving they still had a full pitcher of beer to finish and it was really rude just sit down at a table full of strangers .
the spicy seafood soup was amazing my roast chicken was awesome too didnt think it would be sliced but amazing nonetheless .
not sure what the rave is about definitely not authentic puerto rican food its a melting pot of all latin flavors if you want real  food try el  in elizabeth best food ever .
one of my favorite  in the city definitly on my  for a revisit .
im sorry but the 2 75 cinnamon  was small dry and bland and not fresh the coffee was decent barrio your customer service is okay and your coffee is good but you need to make the pastries bigger and more exciting .
pleasant dining experience  some restaurants make you feel like an idiot for spending that kind of money blue  albeit dinner was  .
dirty with lots of flies that was enough for me not to stay .
love it the best dish goes to beef marrow oxtail marmalade .
save your money and time go to big  on kearny ave they never disappoint .
really cool staff the place is tiny like many village joints i had fried chicken it was enjoyable beer selection was nice too for dessert we had the banana split good service .
i will occasionally stop in for a quick lunch but the thought of the unfriendly staff here usually keeps me driving on by  food selection is pretty basic salads pasta dishes of course some nice bread .
yum food grilled calamari must be tried .
unmemorable and unappealing food total identity  is it italian is it spanish not sure they know themselves noticeably indifferent service some menu items listed on the menu on facebook are not on the actual menu just not worth it .
the spicy tuna roll was pure pleasure for all my taste buds if the other rolls were  then the spicy tuna were  great atmosphere they sat us quickly at the bar and the sake box was delightful they earned their 5 stars .
dry too much bread .
the piece de  is the beef marrow oxtail marmalade it is super decadent and delicious skip the bread basket and indulge .
horrible location horrible service horrible steaks id rather spend my hard earned money at one of the tourist traps then go back here be warned .
i came here drunk so this may be biased   not just hype its that good paella not so good fried chicken gooood what a lazy post .
so we went for dessert and i got the  chocolate covered ice cream the chocolate tasted like the freezer its such a shame because there are so many yummy things too may not got there again .
 was exsalent drinks where strong food was exsalent the beef marrow with ox t  jelly app was amazing it is a must do .
fried and split  and overly salty red cabbage austrian home cooking my a this place is lazy and they dont seem to care that the cooks arent cooking the germanaustrian food correctly or even close .
i really like this place i went here for a late sunday dinner and the atmosphere was just chill not too busy so it was perfect had fresh oysters and fish soup and both were great service was excellent pricey but worth it highly recommended .
nice service had bad food beyond sausages i suggest you avoid the sandwiches .
i moved to soho at one point just to be close to br the bone marrow is out of this world .
food was incredibly bland chicken  was like water white bean salad no flavor meatloaf sandwich dry and flavorless the rye bread was the only thing with flavor .
fresh scallops and oysters marrow pigeon all at 3am what more can you ask for .
food was bland and disappointing i ordered the salmon with veggies there were 3 pieces of steamed broccoli on top of bland rice i would not go back there .
excellent excellent excellent oysters bone marrow skate and fried chicken just a great experience in a friendly relaxed atmosphere .
nice place rude people they really believe that the restaurant area is only for those who eat no matter how empty it is and how packed the bar area is so dumb .
where do i know  from maybe the service is just sooo good that youll feel as though its a loving sibling  you up with all your classic favorites why not 5 stars well why was it 500 x .
caveat the central european experience is wasted on me not being much of a fan of the cuisine but the place was cheerful and popular and i did enjoy the chance to try a   quite different .
very very good food at blue ribbon it was high quality service and high quality taste i have only been to blue ribbon once but it was delicious good place for a business dinner or a date cant go wrong .
food was really not very good at all with the notable exception of the  tort which was wonderful even the  tasted off thomas  in fort greene is much much better .
completely loved this place a gem in soho great ambience fantastic food and service had the smoked trout and new york strip today and loved it .
the calamari used to come with an aioli and seasoned with a nice salt mix and fried to perfection no more the menu changed and seems so did the chef .
always a favorite of mine fabulous sweetbreads marrow oysters fried chicken and open late speaks my language .
overpriced average meals the sandwiches are mostly bread with a little bit of meat .
bone marrow and oxtail marmalade at blue ribbon may be worth breaking your new years  for .
would love to review the food but after waiting patiently for 15 minutes in an empty restaurant no one ever asked me if i wanted any .
unbelievably good .
food was ok service on the slow side .
blue ribbon brasserie was a hazy  of late night champagne raw oysters and bone marrow did i really have that honestly thats about all i can remember but those raw oysters were definitely worth going back for .
the most disgusting food ever i really cannot believe the guys that own this place would allow this food out for service seemed like the veggies were frozen the meat was dry and seemed frozen also only go to this place to drink .
had the fried chicken different mildly spicy even but very  plenty of pieces at a nice size fabulous chocolate cake dessert definitely plan on returning btw  there is always a wait for this place .
the staff was friendly and  however food was pretty bland portions were not generous and you find out about the 10 card limit as they hand you the check .
seafood here is amazing it is top quality and super expensive i couldnt afford to eat here regularly but it is definitely a treat .
the food is awful 5 for tater tots are you people nuts you get a better burger at wendys for a buck and even chick filet dont charge 4 50 for a handful of cold waffle fries paper plates and plastic cutlery are not cool .
i went with my boyfriend at 3am and it was still delicious i absolutely loved the sauteed calamari we also ordered some wine oysters and ribs it was a very enjoyable meal small and cozy atmosphere staff is super friendly .
maybe the name shouldve been a  but it wasnt maybe i went on an off night i dont know i just know the bar seemed tired it felt like i was hanging out at my loud annoying  house .
duck breast  my friends sweet and spicy catfish was pretty good too the service was excellent the people are friendly its a nice intimate setting love it .
this might be a place where you have to be drinking to like it i was very disappointed with my food order at first i thought the prices were fine until i saw the portion size way too small also i ordered soda and it tasted like  .
name another unpretentious nyc restaurants that serves caviar and bone marrow at 4am fantastic sweetbreads as well .
there are always a few badass types standing out front of this place which makes me not want to go here are you badass because you drink here because this place isnt badass .
absolutely amazing while mainly seafood they have an excellent selection of other choices the french onion soup was some of the best ive had in the city and the lamb chops were fantastic great atmosphere not pretentious at all but classy .
i used to like going here but theres something about the really dirty upstairs area that always  me away the downstairs is much nicer if you go on a slow day or just get some take out .
what is the best restaurant in ny at 3 am it is blue ribbon a great place to wind down with a good solid meal after a long night out with friends .
delivery took forever .
very good food hard to get into at times reservations for 6 or more only open until 3 or 4 in the morning .
kitchen very slow waitress not very attentive chicken noodle soup mediocre at best would not recommend .
i take it back i heart blue ribbon brasserie especially at 3am when craving proper food and no waiting for a table when its this late the raw bar is fantastic any time of day .
the service is nice but the food was pretty blase i had a  rice dish with mixed seafood it was filling but tasted like leftovers total tab for 2 before tip was  31 .
great atmosphere open late very good food and great service i love this place .
good appetizers terrible slow service on a monday night ordered the duck and it came out wildly dry and tasted awful as a result they need to take a lesson from pure thai in hells kitchen .
always good comforting food nice wines the oysters rock had the bone marrow and while it was a little too much meaty  for myself i can see why others would love it calamari is tender good good and good .
terrible food i came here because i was invited the food was trash i had a burger terrible i had some   they were ok lemonade terrible the staff was cool as hell but i came to eat and the food was terrible .
always a wonderful time try to score a seat at the bar .
the foods are not bad the service is pretty good the price is expensive for the type of food they serve the place is stinky i spent 5 minutes in that place and came out smelling like i work there .
even though i enjoyed everything here oyster and more oysters are addictive yum i want to save this place for a late late night thats the true experience at this real gem of a brasserie .
disappointing lobster roll mostly shreds of lobster meat not many chunks watery and not much taste soup good but over priced it was our first time and will be our last .
the best of the best unpretentious service fantastic food new york hours  this is where chefs come when theyre done work try the fried chicken which will change your life i myself rarely can get past the perfect  lobster .
all i remember is average food and outrageous prices .
the food was good but i found it was the service was really outstanding  and ben were great  d .
this place is  with kens corner the menu has not changed in 25 years very greasy and not in a good way really there a better places in town .
cute lil place open late salmon  it clams were good service was pleasant date was great  cute place def going again .
its ok not delicious overpriced and overly spanish if you are really hungry and the pizza place is closed go there .
nice vibe and fabulous  hours not exactly many vegetarian options as in far fewer than most places have but its still fun to enjoy a sit down with friends in the relaxed atmosphere service seems  too .
this place is closed .
cozy restaurant with good food and reasonable prices loved the catfish salads and fried oysters but was unimpressed with the calamari a nice downtown restaurant dont confuse it with blue ribbon sushi down the street good wine .
mexican food is my favorite but this place is so 0 110 the food is greasy the meat is like eating gum the guacamole is old i have never eaten such a bad food like in this restaurant .
open nice and late bone marrow appetizer cozy and great service did i mention the bone marrow appetizer yet .
its ok nothing special salt pepper goes long way try it guys .
love casual relaxed good atmosphere and good food .
the ambience of this place is slightly run down and the food is not fresh compared to chipotle right across the road however they do serve authentic mexican food dont even bother looking at the  sampler  if your tolerance for spice is low .
late night dining at its best honestly had a great experience oysters steak and a fantastic salad i was full for days but glad i got the chance to check it out i cant wait for my next trip back .
overpriced and extremely bad service did not have any many options and only 2 small baskets of chips and  salsa for 9 people .
try the bone marrow appetizer delicious .
i give two stars because the food is outstanding but the service is terrible be warned if you expect the waitresses or  out staff to actually listen to what youre saying and actually get your order right you will be wrong again terrible service but great food .
blue ribbon has such great straight up american food not new american which is crap see xanga comfeedmoonbunny… for complete review with pictures i really wish yelp allowed pictures in reviews .
tried it again and it was worse than last time never again .
well i just got back from blue ribbon great dinner great service cute place im in somewhat a foul mood so i will keep this short go here you will love it if you like sea food ok bye .
this place was ok food ok but a little to pricey ive had better .
we will keep going back on busy nights it will take a while to be seated sometimes even if you have reservations but the service food are wonderful been here on plenty of late night dinners .
they will kick you out after 45 mins despite being a great patron who is planning on ordering a lot beware keep out at your own risk .
great food always packed 3 of us showed up here at 3am on a saturday night and still had to wait around 30 minutes for a table the chicken burger and roast duck club are superb as is the creme brulee .
rude staff over priced not good go elsewhere heard staff talking bad about other patrons while i was there bad vibes on bad times .
the food was amazing i know they have multiple pio  but the city has way more options deff will eat here again .
dont believe the hype its a  brunch and a cocktail list like no one tested the drinks for flavor throw in the cramped location and the expensive bill and weve got a let down of epic proportions .
big fan not having to deal with prefix alone on nye deserves the stars .
overpriced small portions physically its cute but not worth the money .
the atmosphere was great the food was delicious and the staff was very accommodating will definitely recommend and return again the paella was excellent .
cool decor surly servers hot food was mediocre .
went here for dinner on new years dont let the front fool you it opens up into a huge room with interesting decor staff was great and the food was exceptional green sauce is the best a great find .
hashbrowns were just terrible otherwise things were quite ok but ugh hashbrowns were so disapointing that i just dont want to ever go there again deep friend and just ugh .
the ceviche here is legendary huge portions of everything strong drinks and a good place for large parties .
the service was great our waitress was adorable and personable the bone marrow was disappointing not enough and served directly on oversalted  and over  bread eh salad and cocktails were good not worth the crowds to try the other dishes .
good peruvian spot we shared the matador more than enough for 2 try the  beer its light smooth .
food is ok the help behind the counter needs some serious attention the deli people are very nice the cashier needs an attitude adjustment i have been in several times and she is always the same .
we sat at the bar and while the service was slow i think it was the bartender not the standard great place for happy hour upscale peruvian no twists great ceviche selection do over would be 3 ceviche dishes for the 2 of us and wine .
this place is over priced and disgusting i have given this place three tries and each time it gets worse and worse how are you going to charge 7 for  bread and store bought lunch meat skip this place and save you money .
food portion is huge restaurant decoration is cool sangaria is tasty would like to come again for some special food .
every single time i eat here i get food poisoning skip it .
amazing tuna ceviche and pisco  the service was great and the restaurants atmosphere was very romantic we tried the fried yucca as well but it was on the undercooked side and difficult to eat .
visited the downtown hartford location following on the  of a prior disappointing visit bread was not fresh sandwich was made incorrectly and paid over 10 00 for the sandwich and drink will not be back .
very nice interior design and creative food loved the pepper icecream nice atmosphere .
this place is no longer in business or at least at the address specified here im really bummed since i wanted to try it we drove up and down the street four times before finally finding the building and realizing its not there .
amazing food pollo empanadas ceviche mixto were so delicious highly recommend this restaurant make reservations because they fill up quick .
by far the nastiest soul food place in connecticut perhaps u should begin with the fact that the mac n cheese is plain nasty please offer authentic food or none at all .
amazing scenery perfect place to take someone out on a date  staff as well place closes in an hour but its still packed and customers keep coming in get the pitcher of sangria its top notch .
hmmm its nothing special i have experienced better  .
great quick service great quality food reasonably priced food with big size portions amazing sangria romantic but also fun vibe can come dine with anyone easy way to try peruvian food if youre a  what more can you ask for .
terrible attitude i asked to be seated almost every table was empty but they said they would only seat me at the bar or an awkwardly located table right where everybody walks totally  and uninterested in service .
rock solid the interior decor here reminded me of a restaurant in peru they probably had to chop down all the trees there to line the walls with  the appetizer sampler all tasted pretty good corvina a lo macho was amazing the octopus was especially good .
their grilled mushroom and  was delicious and the cappuccino holds up to the hype but customer service ordering receiving said order and the weird seating policy was a real turn off .
have been here several times recently was sad to hear that my favorite server  was no longer there otherwise great food and fun ambience .
plain and simple i wouldnt go back not worth my time or energy wish someone would move into that location that really  their customers and community .
this is definitely a family style restaurant every entrée that we ordered ended up  and filling we ended up having tons of food to take home a pitcher of sangria is a must too .
i really wanted to like atticus i have been there three times my most recent experience was so bad that i will never go back their customer service is horrible they are slow rude and  confused and the food is inconsistent eat there at your own risk .
the food here is absolutely delicious perfect atmosphere for a group or a date would definitely come back here again .
 atticus for antiimmigrant attitude say no to their  policy for their workers .
noisy downstairs but food is amazing .
over rated its a nice place if you dont have a car and live downtown but there are better places around new haven for both books and food if you are willing to venture a bit on four  .
great portions and great flavor wish they had one in southern california ceviche de pescado was my favorite and true to real peruvian ceviche .
mediocre sushi not fresh tasting cashier doesnt know enough about the ingredients to advise customers correctly best offering is the steamed edamame beans for 3 25 in the refrigerated case when you first walk in .
went here for my  birthday specifically for the interior architecture but i must say the food did not disappoint all of my friends had a real great time the drinks were amazing and the food  .
this place is horrible i will never go back the food was gross and the servers were all watching  mike is like  as well if i could choose no stars i would .
great atmosphere food was good wait staff attentive i recommend it .
ive been to far better sports bars the food is expensive and just the normal stuff you find at a sports bar im not a fan owner is kind of full of himself if you ask me .
awesome atmosphere great food large portions friendly service left feeling satisfied .
weird combination of  food is pretty good the place has a weird smell and feels  .
my new favourite place the staff was very hospitable careful and so friendly food was excellent fresh and tasty as peru i recommend you to have juicy chicken and salad and ceviche was tasty too i had a spicy margarita and it was supper .
come here for workday lunch a lot food is good while services are never good takes forever to order to get the check to get the change dinner dishes does not come with rice gotta pay 3 more bucks to get the rice ridiculous .
the atmosphere is great there was no wait for  people party service was very attentive the calamari was definitely great to have and the drinks are very well done no complaints there .
i order   moo krob over rice to go the meat is so dry and hard i will not recommend this dish .
the service cocktails and quality of food were all really great we started with the empanadas the mixto cebiche and the juanitas chicken would recommend all of the above the atmosphere was loud but not too much so .
the chili paste was not very spicy too sweet and overpowering in the pad led moo krob .
the food was great the environment was beyond my expectations .
food poisoning dont eat here i had the papaya salad which was not fresh and also had   had terrible food poisoning from this .
a bit loud and crazy busy but excellent service the food is delicious and despite how busy and crowded it was the staff was attentive and aware planning my next trip there as i type .
i have ordered many dishes from this restaurant to be honest it has failed me everytime i have no problem with other things like service or cleanliness but nothing tastes good here no more for   .
amazing decor splendid food would certainly go back to this place again .
they didnt have sriracha and the food was just ok .
meals are insanely big but delicious make sure you share also make sure you have a reservation its always crowded .
 not very thrilled being from the middle east myself i hate to say it but  has better falafel food looks like it needs  service was great .
friends and i  for some peruvian food while working in new york we ordered the lomo saltado which was excellent and the chicken plate was amazing pair that with some   and youre all set definitely will come back for more .
was kinda overpriced for the mediocre food we got i cant remember the name of it but i got this deep fried football looking thing 2 dinner platter and another dish i cant even remember the mint tea was not very  .
pio pio is obviously known for their pollo a la brasa but everything tastes amazing the service can at times be slow but the ambiance and food is worth the wait i will definitely be returning soon .
was kind of put off when i got my grinder and found that the 12 inch sandwich doesnt come cut at all i asked if they forgot to cut it and they said no do you want a knife .
beautiful decor amazing staff and great drinks when it comes to dining in midtown this is the place to be i usually have the matador and the sangrias are amazing you will get drunk off a pitcher of sangria even shared by three people this place is great .
the employees here hate their jobs and it shows they will not make burritos after 8pm and thats the best thing they have they wrap the burrito in foil then heat it up so much it melts through the plastic take away bag .
the chicken is amazing found the  special dish  fried yuca .
management needs to  when to give people the bums rush when dining there and when to treat people properly never patronize them .
nice culinary experience the food was tasty and well presented the interior decoration of the restaurant is quite  and  to the escape the only problem is the noise level the music is so loud its really hard to hear each others when hanging out with friends .
like most of staten island a strange  hole out of  .
i would take an airplane back to ny to eat at pio pio restaurant chains sigh if im not wrong i remember being at their 1st restaurant in  too bad the west coast la too doesnt have the variety and richness of food like ny does .
 opened this bar to serve drinks to her friends their food is disgusting the bar has manhattan prices with old men singing depressing songs no  to be a great bar in an  neighbourhood depressing expensive and  women stay away .
food quantities are huge each entrée was big enough for 3 people the tamarind pisco cocktail was nice and strongly alcoholic .
worst service in the world if i could give them a zero i would they cancelled by  catering order 30 mins before i was supposed to pick it up .
 peruvian food in the city the matador dish is amazing because you get to taste a bit of everything and the portions are big service is fast love it .
only the naan and kabobs are made fresh everything else is stale food that is heated in a microwave and served service is horrible .
classic peruvian dishes are on point pricing is slightly higher than other peruvian restaurants but the atmosphere is also a lot more formal than other restaurants definitely worth checking it out .
the food is good a very major problem is that they dont clean their restaurant its very dirty and the staff doesnt care my last visit i saw a cook smoking in the kitchen i  the manager and he did not care never going back .
ive been to this restaurant only ones and the i order the rice with beans and chicken and it was great but better then the chicken was the price highly recommended .
service was painful while i watched management joking around while i watched my ice tea sit in window until ice was melted my burger was ordered medium rare but sat in window so long i received it well done .
favorite pio pio location in manhattan large inviting restaurant with really great food although ive  their menu over the years my goto dishes are still the chicken rice avocado salad and of course lots of the green sauce .
disappointed is the way id sum it up got the burger of the month canadian burger canadian bacon white cheddar maple mustard ordered medium came out gray and dry redeeming factor plenty of cheese wont go again burger alone 9 00 .
best peruvian restaurant in town i always get either the ceviche  or the   you cant go wrong with either .
heard all the hype about bobby flays burger joint dont believe the hype the burger was dry and had no taste at all if you look beyond the fancy sauces chipotle ketchup and comfy seating youll find a regular burger joint .
great food and a nice atmosphere but too loud food is awesome and they give plenty of it you wont be able to have a conversation but you will surely have good food .
not worth any of the hype or the money i ordered the philadelphia burger i think ive eaten better burgers at backyard  a delicious strawberry milkshake average sweet potato fries and excellent service .
came here last saturday with my husband and two friends we all loved the food excellent service and a warm and happy ambience must try jalea and  verde green sauce chicken chinese fried rice and corvina a lo macho great peruvian resto .
the 1950s called they want their portion sizes back .
the chicken is divine thank you for the great hospitality everytime i go to nyc i make it a point to dine at pio pio .
ive eaten at his restaurants in both atlantic city and las vegas and wasnt impressed by either one of them heres the   nothing special about it  very well seasoned and pretty boring  choices which keeps it from being a one  .
check out my blog for my review on this restaurant   .
just bland way overpriced and overrated there is absolutely nothing special about this place and i would avoid eating here again .
always consistent remains a solid choice one of my fave spots to dine at hands down great for groups great food absolutely delicious great service always seamless never any issues eat here multiple times a years been back several times this summer already love it .
cant bobby flay find room in his tiny little heart for a veggie burger .
excellent food and good service not a loud atmosphere either it was pleasant good for a date night .
the burgers are boring dull and flavorless skip this place and find a better burger spot the atmosphere was fun but do you want to pay all that money to be sitting in an   no you dont .
delicious food with yummy ingredients chicken so perfectly cooked decent wine selection great desserts great service yum .
i frequently have cravings for vanilla carmel bourbon milkshakes after my first experience though i could probably make it at home and save 8 and a trip to west philly .
delicious food i loved the avocado salad and wish roasted chicken tasted like this all the time service was friendly and attentive the ambience is great i loved the beautiful twig wall  and decor .
 burgers were way too salty fries were okay shake was okay overall meh would not make an effort to try this place .
made an reservation it was easy and quick perfectly seated the service was great food was amazing only complaint was the loudness i dont know if it was the walls but it seemed like an  in there it was hard to hear and  with my friends .
all  no content trying to cash in on the hipster burger joint vibe but not quite pulling it off the food was totally boring but not actually offensive and would do in a pinch if there werent so many other better places within a block or two .
very good food and perfect for big parties loved the chef dessert selection and the tuna tartare with avocado the chicken is amazing too very tender will come back soon .
totally thumbs down expected better our burgers la dallas and kids were dry salty and overcooked service was friendly but our table smelled  and sticky .
the food was great and the prices are reasonable everything tasted delicious and the restaurant set up is beautiful i cannot wait to go back here .
the miami burger is fine as is the napa burger dont try the  much cheese american service was very friendly but the place has the feel of a fastfood restaurant you walk in stand in line order your food and then good luck finding a seat .
this place is fantastic great looking design friendly staff and incredible food their ahi de gallina is the best ive ever had and the rest of our meal was delicious as well i highly recommend pio pio .
give it two stars because 1 good service and 2 kinda fun but the quality of the food seafood is really bad thats all maybe now is the the right season .
this place is the bomb com .
the worst food possible 1 food sucks 2 service sucks 3 only cash wtf food was overcooked with no taste what so ever its like here what ever the waitress was a straight up  i will not b back here for sure .
a very tasty dinner we had the ceviche and lomo saltado both were very good as were the cocktails service was good and we left happy and full .
i i come to at least 2 to 3 times per month i am  at the service that was given today i was totally disrespected and  i use to highly recommend the boil to friends and family never ever again .
i love this place its great for large parties and its huge the decor and atmosphere is beautiful the chicken is delicious huge and amazingly good i will definitely be coming back .
terrible service food may be good but they treat you like a garbage i wanted to stay at the bar and wait for the table when the waitress said to bartender make sure they wont sit down i let you judge it yourself .
i  this place the food and the environment is amazing everyone should try the lomo saltado best one i have ever had you need to make reservations to get a spot on the weekend .
really disappointed it is not tasty and very expensive actually the special garlic sauce is delicious but the seafood itself does not  the sauce we will not return in the future .
good sangria empanadas and ceviche together with sidewalk seating on a nice day generous portions and reasonable prices especially by new york standards as well .
two words food poisoning after what was  a  meal the  boil in the everything seasoning i spent the evening painting a bathroom stall in the   with the contents of my stomach ugh .
this review is for their rotisserie chicken only it was dlicious i had take out .
if youre looking for true louisiana style crawfish do not bother coming here the boil serves west coast style seafood that has been  by restaurants like the boiling crab no cajun is eating boiled crawfish covered in butter lemon and garlic .
these guys are brilliant at chicken that is their main selling point other items and sangria are also good service is ok not great and decor is quite nice but yes fantastic chicken .
i think i choose the wrong date to try in the boil the seafood is not fresh and the corn was so dry also i think they put a lot of msg you cant stop drink water anyway this will be my first and last visit .
must experience green sauce was the best chinese rice couldve been a little better location was very nice sangria is a must try .
looks like ownership changed again there is something missing in service and the food is very spicy and creamy will never go to this place again .
best peruvian restaurant i go there very often highly recommended .
tried them two times as takeout and the food quality was not to my liking there are several indian restaurants within a 5 mile radius that serve quality food and offer a clean and pleasant atmosphere .
pio pio is amazing i went for my birthday dinner with a group of about 10 and it was perfect the food was so tasty and my friends now say they want to have their birthday dinner there one downside is that it could get pretty noisy .
rude staff dirty dishes for a vegetarian buffet go up the road to  masala for a much better non vegetarian buffet and courteous staff go to tandoori bite in princeton you wont regret it .
delicious delicious delicious the chicken and green sauce is obviously where its at and the dessert platter was amazing not the kind thats half great half awful steer clear of the paella though the shellfish was overcooked .
food ok not much choice not worth 12 maybe 8 it is more of lower end food was ok but not lots of flavor a bit amateurish surprising given area has many good places just happened to be in area and stopped .
loved the food and atmosphere service was also good very reasonably priced we got the combo and it was perfect for two people arriving at  on friday night no problem getting in place was full by 615 i will definitely come back .
not good mexican save your money .
large portion and good atmosphere recommended roasted pepper with lamb for appetizer .
go to ay salsa la  chicken mole made both me my mother and other guests horribly sick the server is nice and the place is friendly but the food is awful there are many other restaurants in new haven that offer good mexican food .
what a great place to eat the chicken was superb rice and beans and the maduros were yummy and the sangria was off the chain i will be back on my next trip .
are you serious id take taco bell over this any day went there based on review thanks guys .
fun place for a group make a reservation ive been to two birthday parties including my own and had a great time order for sharing and youll have a blast i had the steak dish and the cold potato appetizer highly recommended also get some sangria yummy .
ordered the deep fried snapper and pad thai for delivery it took over 1 hour to be delivered i live in bloomfield wth the fish was not seasoned and the pad thai was salty the shrimp were spoiled just very sloppy never again .
great food great service never had a bad meal here if you like margaritas try one with pisco .
26 gai yang boneless chicken breast marinated with thai herbs and chefs bbq sauce served with mixed greens boiled salty chicken breast with side of hot sour sauce on 1 leaf of iceberg lettuce .
so good .
sorry i tried to like this place the chicken cutlet parm was horrible the sauce was watery the chicken was tough the ziti was bland i guess i have to try the deli sandwiches .
this is such a sexy place the ambience is a big plus and the sangria too the food is a little on the expensive side but its worth it i need to know whats in the green sauce .
horrible .
love the food and the ambiance if u wanted a mixed seafood appetizer go for the jalea its a mix of fried calamari yuca octopus scallops etc the ceviche mixto is my favorite .
it still sucks .
amazing cocktails and amazing food try their muddled pisco with strawberries shots amazing .
i know princeton  will rave about this pizza but sorry its horrible .
what an amazing place the peruvian cuisine is wonderful celebrating our anniversary here we will be back get here early it gets busy great food and service .
if you call burned cracker topped with grease a pizza please come enjoy  .
i love this place and their amazing food there plates are huge so i always take food home the waiters are very nice and the ambiance is quiet if your going out on a date great place .
never go to this restaurant again i waited for the pick up food for over 30 min service is horrible and terrible .
hi  food ambience and lots of space went on monday not busy but service could have been more timely but definitely friendly .
good food but bad services they charge me 15 tips for taking out services how ridiculous i even didnt sit there thats so bad so i give them two stars .
best peruvian food i have had in a long long time hands down the lomo saltado a little pricey but worth every penny i would come back anytime im in nyc  a la  is a must .
ordered online waited an hour called them and they had no order from me dont order online from this place food never came .
super friendly service ambience is very cozy i went with some friends we ordered a pitcher of sangria better good fried seafood platter was huge the rotisserie chicken was typical rotisserie chicken cold seafood  was good pickled style fried plaintains were delicious the paella was just okay .
food was  was very  cleaner near door was annoyingly noisy .
great vibe great food and great sangria could be better priced but overall great enough that i wont knock it really enjoyed the ambiance .
way over priced for what they offer plan on paying extra for things like jelly on toast dont ask for a napkin and a credit card minimum you are much better off going to  corner  for true food at a reasonable price .
this place never fails i love the bomb ass chicken here the green sauce is like crack highly recommend no free refills on the 5 sodas though .
rude manager .
great food great atmosphere love the building inside its like a cave but very comfortable prices are decent for the city .
too pricey for the quality where is the value also the employees are pretty rude sometimes this place is good in a pinch but thats about it .
the chicken was juicy and  it was little bit salty thou anyway service was pretty good and nice decoration on the floor and walls .
disappointing came for dinner and had the worst service ever would ask a waitress a question and she wouldnt directly answer it and wander off and disappear for the next 30 minutes not even following up .
great food and ambience my girlfriends and i had a great time there before we went to watch a broadway show the plates were big and the flavors were huge we were so surprisingly satisfied and everything was so tasty i will definitely go again .
ive learned my lesson finally never go back to a restaurant you went to over 10 years ago in nyc it happened with  pasta now yakitori totto they specialize in chicken dishes and they were the worst dishes i think dessert was the best enough said .
great food and great service tacu tacu was very tasty .
horrible service rude people they literally rush you out before you even finish your fooddrinks never coming here again .
love this place so many memories great ambiance a little loud for an intimate dinner but  for night out great food .
bad service try explaining things to them and youll wanna pull your hair out too they speak english but cant  my co worker and i wanted separate  not split the bill not accommodating at all i hope they hire a manager soon .
ive been to the smaller locations but this one is huge two floors the decor is beautiful service was fast and the food was delish .
food was really good the hostesses attitudes were less than desirable in fact after we left we realized we were charged for multiple items that were never served to us i was going to call them but preferred not to  with them again .
great service delicious fried yuca and ceviche beautiful interiors definitely recommend .
food was ok really nothing special we had about 7 items what was most  was how expensive it was our bill for 2 people all yakitori was 93 and we werent even full they also charge for tea refill beef tongue in particular was very tough .
delish everything thats all u need to know the restaurant looks nice inside too good food good setting good experience .
tasty but overpriced my lime sake cocktail was a bust and grilled rice ball came on a stick but many dishes were delicious the same people run totto ramen which i think is a better deal .
excellent food good service interesting decor much bigger than it looks from outside great for groups highly recommended .
i am not sure if i will come to this place again dont order the noodle coz the taste was just ok the chicken and pork are good and delicate it is overpriced in total the waiter was kind of rude to us and made me feel uncomfortable .
this review is based on delivery orders they are fast and efficient the food is always hot when it arrives i ordered from this place several times and the food is always good and consistent .
i dont get the buzz i really dont i got their 30 minute to prepare rice dish it was so average i didnt even know what to think id much rather go to a yakitori place on st marks .
the two different ceviches were amazing the chicken was a bit dry but still good their unique green sauce goes well with many different foods their rice and beans were a bit bland but still tasty in general satisfied .
we were first in line and even with getting a taste of everything we will never return there employees were rude and the food had no flavour enough said .
loved it .
decent food but rude staff totally out  the food go the one of the other 38 italian places within a 10 block radius that have great food and great service .
order the matador combo thats it very tasty chicken huge portions of delicious sides that you can easily share with 23 others service is good and very fast the general atmosphere is also very nice .
the food was good waitress and staff seemed to not care about how we wanted our food cooked its a big city but i will definitely not be eating here again .
just got delivery here and im hooked food was fresh and tasty got chicken tons of flavor salad beans for 3 great value for 23 bucks green sauce is amazing on chicken or salad def worth a try .
i came here based on the reviews ambience was nice but the food wasnt spectacular and its overpriced .
love it here lomo  .
horrible experience going there the waiter was a mess it was really bad food was alright but the serve really small portions .
amazing peruvian food ambiance is great service is very good i recommend the ceviche  de pollo purple corn tamal lomo saltado of course the famous rotisserie chicken enjoy .
delivery is fast and internet ordering worked well food is dreadful barbecue chicken wasnt barbecued but grilled and then drowned in cheap sauce calzone was mediocre bread and stringy low quality cheese gyro may not have been lamb and wrong sauce fries werent bad .
ive been twice and if i find myself in midtown this would be my go to restaurant great food great used liberally fast service and great environment .
first time last time ordered an original thin crust with prosciutto and mushroom cardboard would have offered a more sophisticated flavor profile never again .
great food cheaper price had dinner with my friend on thursday everything was wonderful busy place .
oh brothers dont bother bad bad pizza .
hungry travelers looking for hispanic flavors rejoice this place has an amazing arroz chaufa and ceviche you will see more of this latino every time im in town .
very average pizza aljons down the street is much better .
all is good the ceviche is amazing the service ok but i dont know why they dont have a clear sign is so difficult to find .
nothing quality here lot to be desired for food quality and service the soup was the saltiest dish ive ever tried to eat .
a bit busy but the  plantains chicken and strong sangria made all the trip worth it excellent ambience great place to bring family friends for dinner and even a place for a date night .
whenever i go through the drive thru they can never get my non complicated order correct i always check it before i leave the parking lot .
extremely busy during dinner hours in weekend especially decent dishes and prices restaurants interior design is great as well worth visiting .
have to agree with the others that dont love the bagels was a bit disappointed since i stopped there thinking it was a speciality place for bagels the bagel was just too much soft dough the  light was  .
was skeptical about trying peruvian but am sooo glad we stopped here for lunch it was delicious would suggest it to anyone .
this was my first visit they offer a large selection of bagel flavors i got an everything with lite plain cream cheese the bagel was fine it tasted fresh i was hoping for a latte but they only have the premixed machine so i skipped it .
delish food great atmosphere highly recommend .
unfriendly staff with sour looks on their faces the bagel i had was passable but the cream cheese tasted bad definitely stick to burlington bagel on   .
atmosphere good enough eventually its a wednesday night empanadas were good loved their sauce would recommend this place for drinks next time ill try their matador combo it sounded really good .
i was not impressed with the bagels at all not chewy outside and not soft inside .
have been here four times and the place never disappoints the chicken and the sauce are so yumm the place can get tooo noisy .
this place is so confusing and complicated to navigate through that you need to be a tourist to actually have the kind of time it requires .
great place for lunch we ordered the juanitas chicken the fried seafood combo just order half portion is very large and 2 orders of empanadas for 4 people we were stuffed empanadas were awesome .
over it this place was interesting at first but now its just a  mess of tourists and overpriced offerings on top of that the service in the restaurants inside is typically awful .
awesome chicken remember to ask for the green sauce .
the ambience is great but the food is overrated really ordinary  and although the place was packed i believe it has become too touristy and lost its quality its all about quantity now and thats sad well located but missing that  .
excellent service great food and wine pairing will look very much forward to going again .
one of the   in flatiron there goes the neighborhood which is too bad because the park next door was so nice and relatively free of tourists avoid this overcrowded overpriced tourist trap at all costs except if you need to make a  by the books .
great place for big groups good food that can please most palates without being too expensive the hells kitchen location has a better space .
cannolis were soggy  the bread was too dense slightly stale overpriced its more like a walmart type quality with exorbitant price tags .
one of the best peruvian  in town chaufa lomo  salchipapas sangria i can go on for a while you get the point atmosphere can be overwhelming at times but nonetheless great food .
i do not think we have ever encountered ruder employees ever we sat down at the counter to eat and the guy says you have ten minutes to order food or you have to move ummmm would never go back here .
super delicious my first experience with peruvian food was a great one .
too expensive tiny portions this review applies to  section main course with 3 scallops was 30 ended up going to halal cart for 5 lamb chicken and rice platter afterward with girlfriend to fill ourselves up will not go again .
happening place awesome food get a  tend to be busy .
awful service i came with a group of friends to have wine and was asked to leave the table because we were not ordering food both  and diego m are disgraceful my firm often uses eataly for our dinners never again .
food was delicious we got the matador combo and i was stuffed theyre sangria was pretty good too will definitely return .
this place is an  .
the decor is really nice but its a bit noisy the food was excellent we were three and we shared the peruvian chicken rice beans french fries and avocado salad i recommend this place for there amazing chicken with the good green sauce .
never go to  unless you are stopped at the door by the most unreasonable square  who would rather lose patronage than seat 8 people out of a party of 9 absolutely absurd and not worth the  attitude or subpar quality food .
great food interesting decor .
crazy inflated prices even for nyc you would think the owners could afford to pay their  and not steal tips from their employees or keep old ladies as slaves what a disgrace .
fabulous food service and ambience every selection was delicious and  prepared very romantic and memorable .
very beautiful and great concept however the customer service was absolutely horrible no one willing to help me with olive oil the people working there are clueless mario get some people in there that want to be there and help your customers .
this restaurant has great service and great food camarones picante and the avocado appetizer were fantastic a definite favorite to return to .
too expensive worst experience ever no customer service .
great for a date night delicious food the lomo saltado and sangria are must haves .
had dinner in  pizza was ok and the food was good pasta too raw dente and more bread wasnt fresh eataly is a good place for shopping good quality of products made in italy .
i always get the  and the red sangria best in the city in my opinion only drawback is that this place can get very loud .
the decaf i head here had no flavor not much better than instant coffee the market and restaurant look very interesting i hope the food there tastes better than my decaf coffee .
dinner was great but their need to improve their service .
came here at lunchtime walked around and left too busy and chaotic .
one of my favorite places to be the good is amazing as well as the ambiance i love this place chicken is incredibly moist the rice is soft and filled with flavor very romantic dimmed lights and unique interior .
love the concept and it is pretty cool at first glance but then you realize its just a very crowded very touristy overpriced grocery store .
ive been here twice now get the chicken its a classic .
this is a cool place and a big ripoff we saw a bottle of olive oil that we normally purchase for 12 for 19 14 for a very cheap pour of an italian  you get the picture .
you know the food is good when there is no talking between meals the pitcher of sangria oh you have to try the matador combo great for 3 or more people .
very crowded so difficult to find your way get a place .
great service and  food is good .
super pretentious place horrible vibe and aura throughout it just screams money money money .
they have the best peruvian chicken in the city they also have the biggest range of pisco sour cocktails and are all very delicious the restaurant is big and the ambience is very lively i have enjoyed it everytime i have dined here .
sorry but this is a completely overpriced tourist trap no real new yorker would ever come here and spend that kind of money seriously you can get anything that is sold here anywhere else for a lot less money no just say no .
 combo is too much for two .
i think it is overrated i had a gelato sorbet that was way too gooey and sweet  there is almost nowhere to  few uncomfortable bar stools looks fancy but i get the sense that its much  about nothing .
chicken was awesome ordered full chicken with side of rice and beans to share like i said chicken was awesome .
ew not impressed always so crowded and expensive got a piece of fish which came with the whole head on mouth open horrible  many bones in it small as  basically unedible was such a waste wont go back .
i love this place every time that i have to go to the city i stop by this restaurant rotisserie chicken my favorite lomo saltado is so good many many dishes to choose from .
the restaurant on the roof is very pretty but i left a very generous tip over 20 and then when i checked my statement they added even more to my bill not good not good .
great ceviches .
not impressed at all especially by cafe there bad food overpriced .
even something as seemingly basic as an empanada will blow you away their prices are very reasonable too def recommend .
overrated and overpriced i walked away very disappointed .
huge in size indeed .
yawn are people still really  to the idea that getting into an over packed place with long wait times even with reservations snotty staff  food at high prices and batali  is exciting  is over folks yawn .
the decoration is amazing food is within expectation side dish is great .
i love italian food this was a big disappoinment went with two other friends and we all came disappointed over price for no reason i gave it 2 stars because our waiter was great and so was the wine .
busy busy busy authentic delicious and big portion food friendly staff and fancy place .
overpriced and crowded plus rude service and scary  mario sure know who to hurt people in the pocket book and more hes one walking commercial wish we avoided this place .
the green sauce is so good its insane the decor is awesome feels like youre in a rainforest a classy rainforest and the prices are so great the service can be slow though .
if you like waiting forever 1 5 hours to get seated then come by and try to dine just dont be hungry when you get here the food was good but no better than another good italian restaurant come for the experience and experience a 1 hour wait .
one of my favorite restaurants i love the green sauce the peruvian combo is a great deal .
seemed like ny  too crowded too loud too confusing im sure their stuff is good and there is a ton of it but it is overwhelming .
great food great drinks great atmosphere do yourself a favor and eat here especially if youve never had peruvian food everything i had was great .
hmmm not sure what the hype is its above average fare over the top prices if youve got nothing better to do with your money this will work for you .
great food great service great new flavors great scott just go now .
crowded and overpriced not worth the visit .
absolutely love the roasted chicken enough for 2 people definitely make a reservation would go again .
i ordered a take out  pizza pie it was soggy had only one small sad basil leaf but the take out box was first rate at 14 for 4 slices you are paying for the box go to grimaldis at the limelight instead .
good spot to bring folks too and the food is yum its huge portions so theres a lot of sharing .
so gave it another go but still  by a place where its impossible to quickly grab a sandwich for lunch i still call it confusion short of the  cream bar the layout is a mess .
ceviche at pio pio is the best try the peruvian beer with ceviche mixto or corvina a la macho tried the  empanadas and they were good too very good food all around but service is slow ambiance is cool and def inviting .
if you like hot chocolate that tastes like a giant  bar was put into a mug and  in the microwave come here and order it but be prepared for the runs you will have later .
will be my goto place every time i visit new york all the food is so flavorful and they give large portions i love their green sauce .
meh if i lived here in the city id probably come here to shop for special occasions pizza was below par  was below par gelato was inedible i wouldnt go back second star was because service was great .
obsessed this is the nicest location and the food is awesome ambiance is great too a musttry .
the food was good going down but a few hours later my sister and i discovered we had food poisoning from my prosciutto sandwich .
great value for your money portion sizes are bigger than you expect wine list is short but does the job interesting that they have a cab  from a long island vineyard on there and its not bad service was also prompt and friendly .
this place was very  while the concept was a great idea the execution reminds me a bit of a cafeteria meets grand central station .
solid peruvian food i still missing the other option on 9th ave farmers rotisserie which i used to order from all the time so pio pio has to now fulfill my craving .
eataly is too big overwhelming and expensive for what you get especially since you always have to navigate crowds of  tourists additionally the whole checkout situation is annoying and ill conceived .
amazing tender chicken and the sauce rocks .
this place was close to my old office so ive tried nearly everything in there and its all just ok the crazy atmosphere takes it down further overpriced and not that authentic .
delicious chicken green sauce good for groups .
this place is  .
me three girlfriends and i shared the matador combo with two sides of the steamed vegetables salads two desserts and a bottle of wine all for under 34 per person not only was the food great but the price was incredible .
overpriced 16 pasta for lunch i dont think so the place is extremely crowded the staff is  and the food is subpar .
what can i really say that hasnt been said already food rocked service could have been better had the giant chicken platter thing and some some shrimp thing im stuffed out of my mind yummy .
so packed you feel like an idiot trying to get groceries all the mushrooms all the cheese all the olive oil nice but you can get that elsewhere for the same price without having to be  around by snobby tourists beautiful interior though .
stopped by today to order the whole chicken for 12 00 for takeout they gave me 3 containers of green sauce so nice and juicy .
do not come on the weekend you will not get anything you want i am sure this place is great when half of the un is not here gelato was good sandwiches were average .
food was good the chicken was really tender and the green garlic sauce was amazing place was packed and you wouldnt be able to get a table without a reservation lots of birthdays and atmosphere was very lively .
this place had  luck for me now that its been open for a while i give it 2 star rating and quality and staff quality have gone down it will still probably continue to be a tourist trap though .
the chicken ceviche mixto and lomo saltado are especially excellent its a chain and it isnt that expensive but its actually one of the best ceviche restaurants in manhattan enjoy .
cant share the pasta bc it  the presentation it is pasta which was made to fill the stomach of poor people get off your high horse .
excellent pio chicken juicy chicken meat they gave a lot of food for the money service very fast and professional .
nice concept but very crowded and expensive bad pizza .
great ambiance and delicious food whoever described the lomo saltado as out of this world delicious in their review was spot on its what i order every time im here the sangria is delicious as well this is currently my favorite peruvian restaurant in the city .
good place for tourists .
2 words green sauce .
i stopped in and bought a roasted chicken when i got home i realized the chicken was not fully cooked the wings still have some  on them i then cooked the chicken and when i cut into it there were many fatty  .
dine here all of the time nice decor very roomy accept reservations and have outdoor seating the sangrias and the matador combo are delish and the tres leches dessert is to die for the service however could be a bit better .
this place is overated and overpriced food layout is nice and is imported from italy but its very crowed and loud .
pio pio is always great i had never been to this one before and i was not disappointed walked over here after a show and im so glad i walked a few blocks to get away from all of the touristy overrated and overpriced touristy restaurants .
a great number of products that is if you can actually find them with the confusing layout of the store and  of people hopefully when the hype dies down it will be actually worth it to visit again .
its a lot bigger than it looks from the outside the food was great and staff was attentive great spot to have dinner with friends or family .
i know this just opened and come back to review when it dies down but as of now i am staying far far away from this nonsense way too crowded and you can hardly move its like going to a  with tons of kids families and tourists .
just give up on life if you dont appreciate their chicken and ceviche bar to the  .
this rating is done based on  latte  it was steamed milk with a hint of coffee not even good steamed milk disgrace .
 peruvian food experience and now im hooked extensive menu and delicious ceviche .
yelp says it all meh ive experienced better the food was overly seasoned service was poor the table was dirty but they nailed the authentic feel of the dishes ill give it another go in a few months .
great venue and great food a nice romantic dinner or just fun times with friends .
not bad good price .
nice atmosphere the matador combo is such a deal its really all you need to order for a few people .
i ate there a few times but no more the staff smoked in the back outside with the smoke  in the won ton is hard in general the food is not to my liking .
spent 5 hours dining here with my  without being rushed food great sangria awesome trendy without being snobby the place is huge love places like this .
their pizza pie is no good the crust is paper thin and the sauce isnt even red it is orange whatever they put on the pizza but it dont taste like tomato sauce i wouldnt recommend it go to vitos in pennington on n main st excellent .
i was here with a colleague and we had a wonderful dinner with ceviche lomo saltado and pisco cocktails the variety of pisco options was lovely so was the ambiance and the service i would go back especially for more ceviche .
had burnt ribs i sent it back and got more burnt ribs if theyre going to charge this much for food on faded plastic nfl plates i expect juicy ribs .
my goto place for a large group food was consistently great every time i went i can always rely on pio pio to serve amazing food and have enough space for 10 people note family style is a must dont expect anything otherwise yay im a fan .
very small place the food is overrated .
delicious food and drinks beautiful atmosphere make sure to sit in the lower level friendly attentive staff .
overpriced fatty not flavorful bbq at least its a  happy hour up in there if you can stand the  .
so good no joke i  about returning to pio pio and ordering their half chicken with plantain maybe the best chicken i have ever had in my life strong  their drinks are really well made as well strong but tasty love this place .
first time at baby  bbq on  big disappointment brisket plate was tasteless but tender honestly my brisket is better ask my son who was with me mashed potatos were soupy and no flavor beans were just ok will i go back maybe .
wait let me open my pants  my food was sooo good i left stuffed a complete meal for only 9 95 the roasted chicken was sooo good cant wait to go back and the one glass of sangria definitely gave me a buzz .
major problem with the  they have 6 events going on at one time the service gets horrendous when these events  especially if there are big events that call for lots of attention at the same time such as weddings or  .
had an awesome meal here with our friends prior to seeing a broadway show next time we are in nyc well definitely try pio pio again our friends daughter who lives in manhattan has been here before and recommended it peruvian chicken was excellent .
hmm very disappointing experience we just came back from taking a two week vacation in japan and were craving some  the food was pretty bad we ordered around 12 different dishes and the only thing that was good was the miso soup .
walked here for lunch during work to pick up some takeout their lunch menu is fabulous and you get a lot of food for just 10 95 it made 2 lunches for me the avocado salad is yummy .
friendly staff good menu but low quality food im not sure why the raining has been so high fish were not fresh and meat was dry fried food was cold very unfortunate .
great service like their indoor design order pio pio chicken every time i go the chicken is very good .
came here for a first date back in april 2014 got suckered into ordering guacamole when the server suggested it and got  10 for it i got some unsatisfying tacos and my date got some ceviche dish not worth it .
pros great sangria  is very tasty almost everything has a great flavor cons staff is a bit slow and disappear for long periods of time portions can be small and its a bit expensive for what it is overall great for drinks and a small bite .
the staff was very nice however the food was horrible every single dish was ridiculously over salted definitely would not recommend .
cant go wrong with the matador plate for 23 people i would order an additional rice and beans however .
dinner was over priced i got the  which was in a sauce that tasted like liquid salt and smelled like a fish market i threw up this morning i think it may have something to do with dinner .
good peruvian food and great drinks in an awesome and trendy venue .
i came here for happy hour after seeing the good reviews the food was terrible we ordered chicken and pork tacos they were all soggy and very bland the margaritas were good but i do not think that i will return .
satisfied my hungry stomach beautiful ambiance .
pros excellent service comfortable dining room cons average food overpriced way better options in philly to ever justify coming back here .
my gf is from peru so she brought me here great food great ambiance with good service and  nice drinks .
what kind of mexican restaurant charges for chips and salsa and doesnt serve rice and beans with the meal this might have been  if the food was good but it was merely passable and the portion sizes were laughable for the price .
this place is amazing the decor is pretty exotic if youre into the cave experience ordered the matador the best bang for your buck lots of food with tons of green sauce always ask for more green sauce .
ive been in  with bigger bathrooms .
great atmosphere i went with a large group for a friends birthday and we had a blast everyone loved the  me and im a vegetarian so there were very few veggie options the service ambiance and price is definitely right .
this is not a mexican restaurant like you think it is a diner that serves some mexican food and some beer i was under the impression that this was a bar it is not drinks were good and staff was great nothing bad to say about this place .
went back and tried the lomo saltado now that is a 5star meal if you can convince yourself to not order chicken at a place famous for chicken you might just be pleasantly surprised .
i really like the vibe of steven starr restaurants and el rey had a great design and decor however i didnt love the mexican food i enjoy the  frills  tacos more than i did this version .
what a fantastic place great ambiance amazing food nice drinks service is great too i keep going there again and again to eat the matador combo prices are reasonable too .
this  is absolutely terrible it look like a midtown diner that had the front painted gold inside is very tired looking lunch was terrible tacos looked like vomit tostadas were absolute crap  de pollo was more like more vomit terrible .
great atmosphere great sangria excellent starters and entrees mixto ceviche and paella like dish seafood and rice dish are my favorites service is a  sometimes great sometimes really slow either way its worth it let me work it .
first of all how can a mexican restaurant not have bottled hot sauce they charge for nachos and salsa crushed up tomatoes food was terrible if you want really good mexican food go to mexican post on front and chestnut .
so delicious so quick and so affordable we love pio pio and their green sauce have only gotten take out but it looks like a nice place to eat too .
cool decor but the food and service were not the starr experience skip this one and go to el vez instead .
wow what a feast we ordered for three the matador sampler a whole chicken with rice beans tostones salchipapa and avocado salad plus the lomo saltado and yuca frita and a half carafe of sangria a tad too sweet yes we had lots of leftovers beautiful restaurant .
the food was decent but way overpriced the restaurant was super loud and we felt rushed the entire time .
great place even better food and lovely atmosphere the grilled chicken is the best will definitely recommend and will always come here when hosting out of towners .
went back for normal  wasnt very good and definitely overpriced saw more people drinking the margs than eating however will still come here for happy  tacos and 4 cocktails still  me in .
the atmosphere the quality of food and the price were all excellent .
the decor after the front of the place is great straight out of a scene from pulp fiction beer selection is okay the standard cool beers list that has become  as of late food is good but pricey for the portions worth checking out once .
1 love love love the sangria i would go just for the sangria 2 delicious tender wellseasoned chicken 3 dramatic ambience great for dates parties dinner 1 obnoxiously loud music .
el rey is just okay the food is lacking in flavor but the atmosphere and decor make up for it overall i probably wouldnt come here again unless someone dragged me .
everything was good ceviche mixto chicken empanadas etc the place is pretty loud but  .
completely low rent version of  .
food awesome staff awesome and drinks amazing great place we had a blast for my friends birthday dinner will be back again .
i really did not feel the food was that good and the prices were high considering the small portions and diner ambiance .
good food nice place with a modern  quick service at least an opportunity to sing a  song each nights the only bad thing a little bit noisy .
i wanted to order for delivery and they gave me such a hard time because they were too busy to deliver if you dont want to deliver food then dont offer a delivery service .
matador combo yum date night vibe chicken with green sauce crack eat at your own risk to your waistline really cool atmosphere .
update to previous review just tried  pizza and wow was it good the owner is very proud of his restaurant and it shows in the pizza they also deliver i plan on frequenting them often especially now that there is another option for pizza delivery .
this is the perfect date place or event a good birthday dinner spot unique romantic decor big portions everything is delicious i tried the corvina appetizer and the matador combo i would recommend and will definitely return .
not fantastic sadly theyre among the few pizza places that deliver to my area so sometimes i have to settle for them .
i had this during my last trip to ny and i must say that this was the best chicken ive had in a restaurant the matador combo was great for 5 people .
even though this pizzeria is down the street from my house i eat there under no  not only is the pizza hardly average but the employees are extremely rude eating there was an overall unpleasant experience .
the rotisserie chicken here is so good it should be illegal throw in the green house sauce and you can lock me up all day pio pio .
the sign outside said something like 1 for the freshest slice in philadelphia my slice was undercooked and had probably been sitting out for at least two hours when id rather walk a few blocks and spend my 1 at wendys youre not doing pizza right .
pisco tres leches lomo   de gallina ceviche delish while during a vacation trip we came across the reviews for this hidden spot loved it awesome atmosphere great music waiter was awesome cant wait to return on my next trip to nyc .
ok yes slices are 1 dollar that doesnt make it worthy of 5 stars you can get dominoes for the same cost as  and it will taste better dont be fooled by the 4 star reviews for this pizza place .
good vibe restaurant and it has nice decoration too try lomo salteado  can be expensive be careful .
what are all these 45 star reviews this pizza isnt even passable for dollar slices the smell alone made me  i appreciate the nice guys and their  but please make a better product first .
walking by the front door very  but as soon as you walk thru the curtain wow  food was equally  quantity was waaay too much i felt bad for wasting it the cebiche was awesome and so were the pisco drinks .
i was eager to try this place out but was disappointed the pizza looks really good but tastes pretty bland and  .
the food is consistently good the atmosphere is   the servers are attentive my only  its loud and a popular birthday party spot be prepared to hear the spanish happy birthday song repeatedly if youre there on a busy night .
beautiful decor but the food was shockingly mediocre  came for the  risotto but was informed that there was a new chef as of fall 2014 highly disappointing .
hands the best place to get south american food in the city .
i would give this place zero stars if i could i had the duck confit pasta and had the worse food  of my life i went there on a friday and here it is sunday and im still sick beware .
great food good for birthdays .
no attention to new visitors we were seated but waited for the menu for  very poor service table remains dirty and waiters do nothing as for food it was nice service very bad .
i love this food i had the matador combo it was enough for 2 ppl i just think the chicken was a lil dry good atmosphere and good for big parties .
the space is gorgeous very impressed but the food is very salty from salad to appetizers .
great spot in hells kitchen for chicken we shared the combo came with chicken fries and salad tons of food for two whatever the green sauce is id drink it its so good .
over rated i just had dinner here and i cant think of one thing i liked about the place the service was bad the room was cold the food was subpar and overpriced there are several places nearby that are better than this .
the bathrooms are very clean which tells you a lot about the kitchen our server was courteous and helpful the food was delicious its mostly ceviche the best thing was the tres leche its the best in town coming from a latina you know that says a lot .
only had the cheesecake for dessert so the rest of the menu i cannot speak to but the cheesecake was terrible basically  ricotta cheese and scary looking sliced strawberries if you are looking for a good ny cheesecake look elsewhere .
i wish they had a version in los angeles it is a peruvian restaurant with a killer sangria .
not impressed and very expensive for the quality you get huge  and large staff who is  line annoyingly nice probably wont go back if i was paying has a weird vibe to it that i dont like .
for dinner  was amazing .
industrial grade food beautifully plated and served by attentive well trained servers in a very well designed and  pleasing space the roast chicken had the texture of rubber the potatoes were mushy and too salty and the mille  was made with ready made restaurant grade products .
this pio pio is the largest of all locations great from large groups the food is good large portion of lomo saltado .
worse place you can eat the food had almost no flavor but old oil it tasted stale the worst is that the food was not fresh at all and its overpriced never again will i order from this place .
there is a dish that consists of hot dogs mixed with fries .
the rice in the rolls was cold and soggy the fish was of questionable color and the server couldnt  explain whats in the rolls oh and the tv in the restaurant was showing a movie where peoples fingers were being chopped off .
i had a great experience at pio pio in hells kitchen the decor was so nice i have never seen anything like it our waitress was wonderful and the food and sangria were fabulous cant wait to go back .
bad sushi worse service killing flies while you eat rude and  is apparent throughout this establishment definitely not the same place when it first opened also overpriced imo .
amazing amazing amazing the food is incredible the sangria delightful and the space is gorgeous can be a little loud but if that doesnt bother you then i think it will be hard to find fault with this place do not miss the fried rice .
the time to wait is too long and the sushi is not fresh even the lunch box is not good .
the chicken pio is amazing i would also recommend the rice and beans and salchipapas .
still no contact from sushi palace management on my horrible experience it makes me wonder if they even have a manager people dont waste your time here go to masa sushi and get better food and service .
awesome chicken absolutely love the food i usually need to have pio pio about once or twice a month service can be crappy if you sit on the ground floor near the entrance .
decent if not mindblowing we order lunch takeout from here its usually solid even if they often confuse our order all you can eat is pretty typical acceptable sushi borderline acceptable service byo is nice .
love this place everything on the menu is absolutely delicious i addicted to their matador combo and jalea yummy cant get enough of it this place is great for large groups and sooo affordable sangria is great too .
all you can eat sushi at a very reasonable price good service and often crowded caught the stomach  probably due to a sashimi i ate that friends did not this ends my desire for sushi at bargain prices .
lomo saltado beef ceviche are awesome chicken is good too but a little over rated not my favorite .
decent sushi for all you can eat kind of wacky service .
a beautiful atmosphere great place for a large dinner party or dinner for 2 sangria is delicious prices are reasonable and portions are great service is pretty good ive been there several times including nye which didnt change the pricing of the meals .
yes its 20 00 all you can eat sushi but the wait between orders is sometimes 30 mins or longer the sushi rolls fall apart very easily dont bother .
enjoyed the food portions were large good selection on the menu i wasnt brave enough to try any of the many peruvian drinks on the menu but the sangria was great .
some things on the menu are good but the service of the restaurant is horrible you sit and wait for at least an hour and deal with incompetent workers if youre up for some frustration and subpar sushi go to sushi palace .
got the peruvian combo the chicken is super moist make sure to get the green sauce spicy creamy and delicious the fries with sausages is also quite good .
every time i have had food from here either location it has made me sick low quality food and not fresh i will never eat at or order from this place again .
my favorite pio pio location the decor is so modern and chic good music good food and awesome sangria matador combo rocks .
45 min left till official close time the guy hand  telling me hes closed while he was on the phone not ok with that .
ceviche was fantastic pisco drinks were good a little on the sweet side my dinner similar to some kind of a paella thing was great everything was cooked perfectly the price was as expected would definitely go back there again .
appalling service extremely rude and the food was soaked in oil absolutely terrible probably one of the worst asian places in the princeton area .
chicken was tender and moist sangria was great as was the interior decorations although the service was a little slow .
food is ok and delivery is prompt but if you are charging me a fee and bring the wrong soda how about  it instead of telling me to forget it and that you have other customers .
great ceviche and sangria nice ambiance when can i come back .
pad thai  general tsos chicken yellow colored shrimp in half an inch of batter veggie dumpling enough green food  to die chicago river green i wouldnt be surprised if the majority of these other reviews were fake .
went there this saturday rainy afternoon for a quick lunch before our movie very juicy tasty chicken good peruvian cream cheese sauce for the fries in a word good but not heavenly  very friendly and attentive price is reasonable a pleasant try .
i just moved to princeton and was looking for a chinese takeout place i ordered my food and i opened up my food and in everything i ordered i found small dead fruit flies yuck totally unsanitary .
have had the chicken here many times since quality has been pretty consistent get the green sauce for the yuca fries .
cheap taste follow the price .
amazing wes  atmosphere brilliant list of    surprisingly cozy and clever little spot we just  the bar so no knowledge of food menu .
food was always very good but i think new owners took over noticed a big difference in the quality and taste of the food the fried food is extremely greasy not the same food .
sausage and fennel pappardelle simply the best this is if not the best one of the best restaurants downtown .
no good bad chinese food and people who work here at rude nasty i got a coupon which they refused to take i will never go back to this place .
best italian restaurant downtown this new italian spot that feels like it could have been used to shoot scenes in the godfather service is very  host and our server were both very personable and helpful .
big noodle fan was looking forward to amazing  noodles and broth was disappointed mushy and soft the one up side is the meat was tender the spicy broth was yummy too thats about it .
seriously this is the best lasagne in the city its so good and reasonably priced their wine list is also amazing and so affordable dont forget to order the tiramisu love their wallpaper too .
dont know why people like this place the broth lacks flavor ingrdients are low quality and service is bad .
what a great little spot for very delicious pizza and pasta everything we ordered was perfect and the service was very friendly the prices are very reasonable for the quality food you receive .
subs are good pizza isnt great at all i used to go here all the time i stopped .
inspired by the old midtown ginos with the famed  wallpaper but with sweet service and  fresh  to classic dishes like the kale caesar with crispy prosciutto michael runs front of the house with warmth that made us feel like regulars after one visit .
the worst curry i have ever had too lame taste too much breading and too dirty environment .
very cosy and classy atmosphere we just had drinks at the bar all of our cocktails were very very good the service was awesome as well everything was top quality will come back again for food .
nothing special sorry got the grand slam dont know what all the fuss is about actually felt bad i didnt go for pizza .
absolutely wonderful i brought a party of 6 here each of us had different plates and drinks each item was exquisite seriously great italian food .
are you kidding me people this was breaded greasy crap nothing fresh about it yuck not sure how only the great reviews show up they must pay yelp .
old world meets modern is the feel you get at this new italian restaurant everything was delicious from the salad to my lasagna to dessert the portions are a decent size and prices are reasonable definitely a nice new addition to the lower east side .
its japanese greasy fast food the only good curry ive ever had is  in east village i guess greasy is kind of hard to avoid in this neighborhood .
best lasagna outside of italy thank u for making it the proper way with béchamel .
very overrated curry im japanese and im embarrassed to have them claim that they have awardwinning curry .
loved the vibe and the food fully enjoyed my pizza with  and the  for dessert its my new favorite spot in this neighborhood .
so bad taste and only rice is a lot of portion .
excellent food with reasonable prices id definitely visit here again and would recommend to friends .
relatively cheap but unhealthy and not great quality tastes ok will not go again everything is fried and there are no healthy alternatives .
i came here with my nephew and my parents the night of my first marathon and it was exceptional probably the best italian food ive ever had and they had fried brussell sprouts as an appetizer unreal they were exquisite highly recommend service was good too .
not bad curry is ok the tonkatsu is a little too thin for my liking and strangely it had tonkatsu sauce on it too i make better katsu curry at home .
theres truth to the belief that the east coast knows how to make pizza i felt like   in eat pray love and it was gluten free best pizza ive ever had im ruined thank you ann and  for the great service .
tried to go here today but realized that all of the dishes have pork in them which i dont eat kind of a bummer cause this place sounded good .
finest ingredients fun pizzas and on  street i had the  pizza over the summer and it was one of the finest ive ever had the pizza carbonara is great in the colder months this place will get huge  the get a roof top patio .
tasted very weird to me far from the typical japanese curry we have in japan seems like they tried to  something but it just went wrong sorry but i just didnt like it at all .
fried brussel sprouts were great the saint is an excellent cocktail highly recommend this place .
im quite disappointed with go go curry and think they have been overrated decent japanese curry but not the best i have tried here the curry sauce was not served hot they said you will get addicted to their curry but i dont miss it at all .
the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable and the food was amazing i would highly recommend the risotto it was comforting like a  this is a great addition to  food scene .
how do you serve someone pizza with a huge puddle of oil on it is that not from cheaper grade mozzarella looked bad tasted worse nothing is worse then craving some pie and it sucks i will go back to just driving by .
its hard to find a good breakfast spot now i dont have to look anymore super clean and fresh location with amazing bagels and all fresh ingredients whether its breakfast or lunch deli on a bagel is an awesome choice love it and will continue to visit daily .
pizza is so so there are better choices in town .
great food service coffee the inside is nice and clean the prices maybe a little pricey but i dont mind its worth it .
absolutely terrible basil gnocchi is horrid clam pizza is horrific waiters were very rude out of a group of 8 not one single person enjoyed their meal definitely do not recommend .
i work right nearby and this place has become my goto lunch option great food great service .
you are better to walk in then to make a reservation 30 after our reservation we are still waiting im at the point i am not hungry anymore .
the bagels and  are excellent the staff is super friendly and helpful the best bang for your buck in mercer county .
i dont understand what the other people on here are raving about have you never had actual good nyc italian food this isnt it the service was awful and the food was on par with the olive garden a few blocks away dont waste your money .
my coworkers and i love to stop here before work best quick breakfast in the area prices are a little more than expected but worth it .
why are there so many great reviews for this place the customer service is fantastic but the food is really bad and frozen everything tastes like it was cooked in a microwave id rather eat at an olive garden .
stopped here once on my way home from a class in pa bagels are excellent really nice decor and friendly staff as well wish i lived closer id definitely be a regular visitor .
used to love this place until the  took away a full  plate of calamari that we paid for fuck you assholes at least pack it for us to go and not  it away .
this place probably has the best bagels ive ever had and i lived in nyc for 12 years theyre really really great the tuna melts and salads are good too the service is always friendly and swift great place .
mediocre food and a lot of it .
i love it have only gone for breakfast but everything is good and comes out fast they will even make you a hamburger for breakfast if you what great bagels and the pancakes were surprisingly good .
i knew i wasnt going to enjoy this meal even before i even tasted it by the color of the sauce its bright red and  sweeter than a processed dessert food the eggplant parmigiana is very thin pieces of eggplant with a lots of heavy breading .
best chinese food in southern bergen county amazing fried rice check them out you be the judge .
was expecting much better this restaurant is quantity over quality and is frequented due to its popular location portions were huge but taste was meh .
there chicken w broccoli lunch special is delicious they use yellow fried rice also there chicken wings is yummy .
mediocre but affordable italian food all family style dishes pasta was all undercooked and the meats were unimpressive i thought nyc was supposed to have good italian food all 3 desserts i tried were awful tourist trap pass .
my favorite local chinese place been ordering here for years always great .
i dont get what all the hype is about i much prefer bella  across town the marinara wasnt all that good and the service could have been better skip it .
excellent brews i really enjoyed the ear inn ale the bartender was really nice and talked to us about the history of the bar and the ghost there arent many places where you can learn and drink at the same time a nyc gem perfect bar for halloween .
as of jan 2 2011 i would not recommend this place you will be disappointed if you want good italian food carmines is the only place to go  was a waste of money and terrible food .
best turkey burger ever i love this place for its cozy neighborhood feel which is increasingly difficult to find in manhattan its best to come here late on a weekend night for great pints food conversation .
i was there with a big party and we tried several things on the menu steak special rigatoni bolognese pasta mushrooms chicken eggplant it was just so so with the exception of the eggplant it was killer otherwise wouldnt go back .
good cheeseburger roasted potatoes on the side was a good addition that you dont see too often quality service and a good almost rustic atmosphere with the restaurant being at the former edge of manhattan and the hudson all in all a solid burger joint .
gigantic portions of reasonably ok food nothing to complain about but nothing worth going out of your way for either .
friendly local watering hole would recommend you seek it out and soak up some history and booze .
the best cheesecake good soups and breakfast food other than that stay away from anything else especially the meatloaf my cell phone has better flavor and more moisture than their meatloaf .
decent cozy restaurant with good food and average beverage selection the atmosphere was cozy .
awful drunk people flock here bc you have to be drunk to eat their food only go if youre desperate for a bite .
this is a great old bar probably the best part of the bar is mickey the bartender definitely a great spot for locals and regulars .
our server was very sweet that is the only good thing i can say about this diner we ordered disco fries and they were a tasteless mass of blah if you cant master disco fries you have problems and shouldnt call yourself a diner .
came here on a bar tour of the city and have been coming back ever since a neat little place a little divey and totally old school definitely not for everyone but worth a try who knows you might fall in love like i did .
standard diner food nothing to brag about parking as has been mentioned can be a real pain in the ass waitresses are pretty friendly though gets an extra star .
food and service was great people are super friendly and want to chat with you only small drawback is it gets really loud since they pack the table into a small space especially after 6pm would come back for sure .
typical diner fare i definitely have had better will do in a pinch if i must .
this place is awesome best burgers that i have try in nyc so far it is quiet no tourists messing around genuine american style  waiters i love it one of my favorite spots in the city .
meh so i came here once with my sister my food was simply disappointing hers gave her food poisoning seriously must be some crazy health code violations here they dont even try plenty of better places around .
i love drinking beers outside at ear inn its like drinking on the street but legal i wonder how much longer it will last with the area changing so much every year food is pretty decent too see ya in the spring for more outdoor  i hope .
turn around there are 2 better diners topped diner and lyndhurst diner only 5 min  away on the same road if you like food that sucks eat here .
old time new york city  bar and grill located in a historical building and they pour a nice guinness dont mind the  .
typical diner fare nothing notable though and with its proximity to tops down the same road people usually end up eating at tops unless its too packed then theyll probably come here .
really like this spot if you can go in when mickey is working one of the more interesting and personable bartenders in the city .
hot waitress not so hot food .
the lamb burger was delicious .
this place was horrible service was slow had to ask multiple times for drinks took forever to get our food medium rare steak came out more than well done other items missing from order avoid this place .
this place has excellent food everything i have had mainly burgers soup salad  is first rate and its also a historic bar quite worth a visit even if all you want is a beer .
this order was almost totally incorrect when that happens the thing to do is to go the extra mile to make it right such as bringing the correct order to the customer at the gate also pretty foul from the food to the coffee .
so glad i was guided here by a friend of mine whos a regular cozy friendly bar atmosphere in a historic building that was at one time right up against the hudson good beer selection friendly  and they had the game on cant ask for much more .
 was great the burger and margareta not so good substandard i could have got a better  at mcdonalds for 14 of the cost they used table salt for the rim of the margareta dont come here for a cheese burger .
came here for a lunch meeting we both had the lamb burger and werent disappointed its definitely a good place for lunch and im told that you can always get a table .
ill keep this review short and simple service was friendly but the food was not good gave me a sour stomach before a flight never a good thing .
wondering how the ear inn  during  sandy are you okay .
the only thing good about this place was our waiter food was mediocre the reason for the 2 stars is the little rude register chic seriously good service starts at the top and this place must have bad management lacking quality and warmth .
best chili ever .
horrible i ordered a vegetable omelette and it was tasteless yet pricey how can you  an omelette the fresh squeezed orange juice was  and probably processed will never come back .
very cool  bar really good basic food only been for lunch turkey or angus burgers are great only  keeping it from 5 stars is theyre pretty  about splitting checks .
if the food was as good as the service was we would not come back juan thanks for the great service .
one of my favorite sunday night spot jazz  and friendly staff in a weird neighborhood just try it .
eggs benedict includes shoe leather english muffin  ham with watereddown hollandaise sauce skip this joint .
good bar better food great mussels i love to go here to drink or for dinner .
food is crap and service is slow turkey sandwich with chips turkey was cold and had a freezer burn taste chips were deep fried and  oily luckily they took it back and apologized decided to go elsewhere for a bite in the airport .
another great dive great service and a good meal .
i ordered the philly cheese steak on foccacia the foccacia was a regular roll just square there were more onions than steak the mushrooms were canned the fries were from cisco they were out of half the beers from an already limited menu .
a classic establishment in a slightly off the beaten path location which is always good in ny food is excellent beers are cold service is entertaining a must stop for dinner or drinks before shows at city  .
went back to give it another shot still not impressed good sangria but thats about it wont be back .
solid music on sunday nights as well as good dark beer and great company .
just got back from spain this place was a so so they never gave us water my wife and i watched the waitress give every table water except ours kinda weird super overpriced .
 great burger fries bartender atmosphere and whisky it all just tastes better here im coming to see live music here sometime hell i want to play live music here i like to be comfortable in a bar this is it .
i really expected better it looks like a very cool spot in the village however it is extremely small crowded and hot the food sounded better than it was i wont be back .
this place is just cool old fashioned simple plus you can color on the tables .
i was excited to try this place but it was a total let down the service was piss poor and the food was mediocre at best ive been the madrid and barcelona so ive had excellent tapas this was a one and done not going back .
wholesome with food ale and ok music .
the good the mussels and croquettes were delicious the bad its very loud in there the waitress was anything but friendly and their sangria is very week .
one of my favorite bars arguably the best guinness on tap in the city an oldfashioned vibe and great staff you can sense the history at the ear .
cute place but mediocre tapas .
not at all what you think its going to be from the outside fun historical bar with a lot of character great prices great selection we didnt eat but the food next to us smelled good it would totally be my local bar if i lived there .
i want to give las  2 5 stars it was ok but there are much better tapas places in the city everything was super deep fried with very little taste the sangria was watered down although had good flavor waitstaff was friendly and helpful though .
like my favorite place ever great food never a long wait cool if not a bit  older crowd of new yorkers their dumplings and shrimp scampi are great .
good sangria really poor customer service and my partner got food  at this place .
gotta love the ambiance the bartender the night i was there was a character hahaha the crayons on the table made the night become an art show hahaha awesome spot to chill and laugh with your friends .
we recently ordered the bbq chicken and spare ribs combo the meats were very bland very disappointing .
they are super nice to bikers especially on  when we congregate on the sidewalk for sunset great burgers chill staff .
the bbq was ok rice was decent fries were fresh got dessert to bring home when i got home i opened the dessert container and the dessert was moldy on top and bottom disgusting .
nonpretencious chill  spot with down to earth people in this hood thats a great thing authentic like mammas  shepherds pie period .
 as we speak meat is smoky as all hell which kills the taste of everything else i got two soft tacos with bbq pork shoulder street corn red onion guac cheese and crema sounds good looked great tasted blah .
great atmosphere and bar food live music twice a week and they even have their own ear ale brewed by brooklyn brewery the ear never gets old .
good food basically a bit better than chipotle next door the only difference hence the  is the ear  hip hop music just consistently and aggressively loud .
excellent mussels appetizer and the burger was baller cant beat the history and decor mixed laidback clientele crowd the place for a reason .
i just picked up some beef and chicken tacos and a brisket burrito from this place and they were not good at all the beef  were not cooked and the chicken tasted as if it were cooked a few days ago .
what an amazing place solid atmosphere fantastic bartenders and in a neighborhood i hadnt ever stepped foot in there are a string of bars on this block so you can bar hop if for some  reason you dont happen to fall in love with the ear inn .
felt better going out than it did going in the beer was decently cold as was the rest of my food though gotta bring your own  or microwave .
my favorite lazy summer hang out you can sit in the sun while sipping on your beer .
chicken dry out of nearly everything but dont tell you until near end sign outside says free  but yep you  it find out theyre out at end .
this awesome institution is a hidden gem the bartenders are charming the ambiance is cosy and the menu is full of my favorite comfort food its a great place for a chill date or a meal with friends i especially love he old phone booth score .
the service today was awful they handed me a flirt tray the server one particular guy with buck teeth and a  face was rude .
alot of  of people on the street alot of history in this place alot of drunk  that can happen and it can all start at the ear inn glad its by my work place .
first off there were flies everywhere found one in my guac i got the chicken bowl the chicken was chewy i ordered chips and salsa there were out of pico the other salsa has no flavor chipotle is a few feet down go there wasted 13 .
i like ear inn it is a hike from where i live but i love the outdoor area and the easy going nature of the place i have only been for after dinner cocktails but would love to come back for dinner prices are pretty good too .
guacamole was good and so was the brisket but comparing it to chipotle it unfortunately falls short the rice was a bit bland and so were the beans save your time and just go to chipotle .
yup a really good old bar be ready to  a few .
hmmmm saw an article about this place and thought it was all just a meh experience in terms of taste design was awesome though .
my friend took me to this place we had a few beers and  scampi i believe thats what it is called it was really good spicy and garlic shrimp with toasted bread went well with the beers thanks buddy .
meat was burned that creates cancer i was told please avoid food cucumber drink was ok your decision .
i swear to gawd there was a vampire sitting two tables over he  with nobody sat alone and had  turns out that he was part of the little jazz trio that started right about midnight .
horrible slow service indifferent bordering on rude average food thats what i had been told and it was accurate probably wont survive unless they replace the entire staff with people who care .
cute little bar good drinks the  was new to me and really tasty im from socal and have never heard of it  also the womens restroom felt like the smallest bathroom in the world .
if you are just tired of qdoba and want to try something else then come but do not expect it to be much different just a  of a classic big burrito restaurant chain .
makes me want to drink and eat burgers again but i will go there for cokes and a  ouch that hurt to write .
the chicken and the pork was cold the mixed greens is romaine lettuce the service was nice but the food was mediocre ill try again when they settle in but right now chipotle is a much better value the drinks seemed like they might be good .
cute and quaint little place i only had a glass of wine but i will be sure to visit again when im in the neighborhood a great date spot bike rack right in front .
nothing special about these sandwiches reminded me of quiznos no signature items to go out of your way for ill pass .
this place is relaxing yes its loud and crowded but its also without  and everyone there is so damn friendly so you can really get comfortable order the clam chowder it goes so well with a cold beer creamy heaven .
the server got my order wrong twice and it was freezing in the entire restaurant i hope you get new management .
a very charming find we had a drink and drew on the paper tablecloths with the provided crayons i hear the food is good too definitely must come back at an earlier hour for dinner then sit around and drink .
out of business closed kaput dead .
loved sitting outside feels like youre having a beer at a great barbecue except youre on a sidewalk .
ordered a steak burrito it came with freshly chopped jalapeños on it yum right wrong too spicy to eat and i like spicy food its terrible i keep taking a bite only to regret it for five minutes chill out on the jalapeños .
a very pleasant spot i had a very good burger for 8  cash at midnight followed by some great live jazz a nice surprise on a tuesday night an older crowd including a dozen or two on motorcycles a cute waitress with an enchanting irish accent .
i order wings and they were covered in red pepper flakes covered it was disgusting waited 45 minutes for them to deliver food that i had to just throw away .
i used to live down the street and probably went here to eat and have drinks 3 out of the 7 days in a week the food is good and very reliable the waitstaff is friendly but the bartenders are not .
cant believe this place has such a high rating nasty  to throw them out tasted like the grill was never cleaned complete fail tacos were ok onion rings are good nachos were tossed too first last time .
perfect for a lazy day of drinking i have started many a drunken night here very cool local feel too .
i ordered a chicken burrito i got a steak burrito i ate the steak burrito thinking really whats the difference its not that bad i literally could not chew through any of the pieces of meat they put in that burrito how does that even happen .
whats not to love always feels like youve step into some  montclair gem simple menu but everything delicious from breakfast to dinner to juices love natalie and her staff theyve definitely got a good thing going yum .
horrible service the only good server is the little  girl the others including in the front they are not nice and they dont care about the customers they never put our order and they didnt even apologized for their mistakes .
i have never been disappointed coming to plum friendly staff great food never had a dish i did not enjoy the inside has the old style diner feel while if the weather is right they offer some nice outdoor seating right on park street try the iced coffee .
rude server couldnt even bear to place an order with her will not come back here and will make sure my friends know not to patronize that place too .
great food ive been there many times the bacon sandwich kicks ass and the chorizo scramble is awesome .
the food was too salty i had been sick for 2 days the service is ok apparently there are lot of reviews about the salty food but it does not change anything .
cute place with a decent amount of vege friendly options the plum jam that comes with the toast is amazing .
what happened to this place this used to be a brooklyn staple now the food and the service is not what it used to be overly salted nothing special about the menu rip diner i will miss you .
delicious food chill atmosphere but not very toddler friendly as in they wont be very friendly to your  so dont expect it .
2 5 stars the place is interesting but the service impersonal and painfully slow grassfed burger nothing special and overpriced fries were boring steak waaaaay too much for average quality no reason whatsoever to go back .
ive always had good experiences at plum quick friendly service with good quality food they make delicious smoothies and juices so far the stress  has been my favorite the bacon is so good as well crispy without being greasy we will be back again soon .
recently went for brunch the duck hash special was tiny and had very little duck in it the pancakes were not a large portion either both dishes were ok but not great or flavorful and very overpriced doubt we will be coming back for a while .
this food is very fresh and delicious i loved the eggs benedict the potatoes and the green juice my husband enjoyed his pancakes and hot chocolate will definitely be back here .
wow was this a pretentious and overrated eatery from the menu hand written on the table paper to the ordinary 13 omelette of their choosing to the undercooked hash browns it is hard to understand what the fuss is all about .
the chorizo scramble was good glad to see yummy gluten free toast on the menu the ham egg cheese was better than you can get at a typical diner the strawberry banana peach smoothie was delish .
sorry but really disappointed in the meal i had here found the staff and menu pretentious and extremely overated for the price the beef was fatty and chewy the cabbage very uninspiring and watery the soup starter but downright horrible  on being disgusting would not recommend .
small but with excellent ambiance nice sandwiches omelets and salads the menu is a little limited but the ingredients are fresh with a nice combination of flavors the service is excellent .
used to be great start w below par piece of meat burn it the bring it to the table and call it steak it was so good i just kept going back thinking it would be good again i wont get burned again .
lovely place delicious food and excellent service been frequenting this place for over a year and this hidden gem is a wonderful spot for a cozy brunch highly recommend .
sadly both my dining companion and i were up all night sickened after eating here she got the burger i got the flatiron steak .
we went once for brunch and both the food and the service were terrific we must have gotten there just in time as the place filled up around 1 or so we will definitely be back .
its okay nothings terrible but nothings great and its overpriced if youre really set on an  eating experience inside a converted diner in williamsburg cause like who isnt right go to relish .
small but yet fit for the neighborhood try the pork tenderloin pressed sandwich and add the jam they give you at the table very good brunch menu item .
hands down the loudest  i have ever heard with that said the price point for lunch is a little high the burrito is a better value mostly dont go because you cant hear after .
wonderful sweet potato soup and the special pork sandwich was great and i dont even like pork the wait staff was charming too i will be back .
never its a bad taco spot .
think about your goto diner take your usual order and make it healthy take your usual waitress and make her friendly boom you have plum aka the best breakfast in montclair .
seemingly nice pub run by  trash off the wall prices on fooddrinks you can spend the same amount of money go to hoboken or nyc and enjoy a decent night out in an upscale environment .
absolutely delicious the food here is fresh and healthy and i literally could eat the plum jam right out of the jar if i didnt have delicious toast to put it on had a wonderful breakfast and lunch here i hope they do very very well .
so disappointed we never got served so i cant even comment on the food my boyfriend and i were seated after a 15 minute wait which was fine but then we  to wait for 20 minutes never being served we left not interested in going back .
stopped in for lunch based on reviews here very flavorful dishes at a very reasonable price friendly counter service gave me samples before i placed my order select your meal from the dishes they have prepared for the day generous portions easy   .
just god awful service and the food comes out cold i asked for something to be fixed and they gave me attitude we took my boyfriends mother there and shes from out of town just  .
delicious homemade food restaurant hours seem to vary on a daily basis and is closed for sunday but authentic amazing food priced incredibly well owner is a sweetheart too .
nice space fairly quiet in the off hours snarky service turned me off to the experience .
 the owner is very nice their meat is fresh and delicious i wasnt crazy about the amount of the meat in my gyro but then again maybe it was just so good that i wanted more i will go back .
at best its a confused diner the food is mediocre the service is ok i expected something more .
excellent inexpensive fare served  the food could have been seasoned much more heavily for my taste but was good as it was id eat there regularly if it were nearby beat the heck out of mcds for a quick lunch stop just off the  .
last couple of times ive been there the sushi has been terrible mediocre at best .
have eaten here twice and food is excellent owner is nicest guy and serves up generous portions price cant be beat always has new items on the menu ill be going back regularly .
generic food with high prices not worth the money .
rarely do i write reviews but this place is phenomenal super friendly staff delicious food authentic and cheap .
the pastries are so delicious but the coffee takes forever who has 10 minutes to wait for a tiny pricey coffee in the morning if they had coffee ready to go i would be there every morning .
im not gonna waste  time talking like steve m i will get to the point pernil get it now .
bought groupon to try premade cold brown rice sushi was not what i expected tasted like ones you can buy at any supermarket will not be returning service was good .
wow truly a great find this food is the real deal authentic as it gets im totally blown away and cant wait to go back the food is presented buffet style and the owner said the menu is different every day im anxious to try more .
expensive and not worth the went there last  sushi wasnt fresh and we didnt enjoy it at all if i could give it 0 stars i would .
cant agree more place is a diamond in the ruff food is great lived in town forever and never gave it a second look thx to yelp i go once every few weeks .
menu is too many words too waste my time to read the menu thats make my appetite gone the food was terrible service so slow never come back again .
absolutely love this place everything is great especially for the price whether its beef chicken fish whatever the fact its family run and and everyone is friendly makes it so much the better highly recommended .
very innovative rolls great for vegetarians extremely pricey ate 5 pieces of sushi and spent 30 after leaving i felt  and hungry prob wont go back unless its for a social event .
amazing food a little divey but so great the food is to die for you must try the empenadas and fried plantains there are huge iced teas there for only 99 cents where else can you find that .
rice was disgusting texture is way off super gummy and overpowered the entire roll gotta get the rice right miyas .
that damn shrimp po boy is a problem otto chef youre the best ate that sandwich once a week during the summer alone or with friends who needs anyone when you have food this good for company .
the dishes on the menu are really very clever and interesting however they only serve sushi using brown rice it just was not for me .
i loved this place the calamari shrimp and corn was great this is a perfect place to go with a group of friends and enjoy a meal .
over over over over priced doesnt taste good at  wont come here ever again .
cheesy decor paper plates lots of hot sauce loud overcrowded love it i had the strange combination of crab cakes with a side of the creamiest artery  grits absolutely delicious leave room for the bread pudding it is to die for .
horrible place horrible service the owner is a douche food took extremely long to get to us and it was disgusting dont ever go here .
love brooklyn crab bring some good friends have a few drinks and enjoy the food satisfaction always guaranteed .
not a sushi place serves weird food shouldnt be called sushi they put a bunch of garbage  and call it a sushi roll save your time and go somewhere else not worth the hype or the wait .
we will go back again and i guess that is the best review i can give the waiter was very nice and friendly food was finger licking good the place was clean and the views are cool ill .
i couldnt agree more with  who said what the hell the food is terrible this just isnt sushi how true this isnt sushi and whatever it is is absolutely gross .
really enjoyed the food and the service it was a nice friday night weather was awesome for outside eating and the ambiance was accommodating my mom and i had a fabulous time the crab dishes were well seasoned and decently priced .
miyas is terrible terrible food .
hands down my favorite place to eat crab grab a  of beer and sit outside cant get any better than that .
i love sushi but this place is gross i got the very hungry  dinner and it tasted liked refrigerated crap not fresh at all would not return .
loved the scenery and the views it was a rainy night and still looked beautiful the fish was amaze the waitress didnt really know much and brought us the wrong crabs but still was good recommended .
the menu has changed and all of the once flavorful rolls are now dull and tasteless .
love this place love the location love the atmosphere and the decor love the food just love it try the rum bowl for 2 .
they served uncooked sweet potato that was inedible .
a little pricey but otherwise great seafood friendly staff and an incredible outdoor area by the water with a good view of the statue of liberty .
im a huge sushi fan but this was not very good i understand the vision here but the chefs try too hard i was left confused and dissapointed i would recommend they  like all good sushi .
very tasty not from brooklyn but would come back price wasnt cheap but definitely worth it if you like sea food could see the statue of liberty from my rood top seat over all pretty cool place .
this is a lively fun place waiters are very informative i liked the hot saki the sushi served is overly complicated the fish lacks texture and is very bland tasting if you love great classic sushi skip this restaurant .
love this place food is great service is top notch i try coming here once a week .
really bad experience the sushi chef is mexican come on the wait was long the sushi cant be called sushi at all they are definitely not fresh the only thing recommended is the salad .
delicious seafood i always get the cajun snow crab peel and eat shrimp is great fish and chips are good too i just hate the long wait on weekends .
terrible slow service and then what arrived was well can you really call this sushi we asked for our bill and walked out .
mondays and tuesdays are 1 oysters the service was excellent the food was good and the view couldnt be beat the  of the place made me feel like i was in maine a much needed break from the city .
miyas takes a  tradition and turns it on its head ok great its creative but its not particularly good and its definitely not sushi sigh .
i have the opportunity to visit the restaurant it was really an amazing experience a friendly an  staff food was finger licking highly recommended to yall .
terribly overpriced and slow service our party waited forever to get our orders i dont care how exotic they tried to make the fusion sushi but its definitely not worth paying .
good drop by with co workers spot good prices but not the best clams on earth but very good none the less .
i came here after a particularly bad day on my own i came alone the waiter forgot me and i had to ask twice for water its pretty cheap decent quality sushi but the environment and service are substandard .
came for happy hour in the afternoon server was very attentive and the place was pretty empty on monday and tuesday there are 1 oysters and 3 beer the head on peel and eat shrimp were so damn good definitely worth going back just for those .
went tonight after reading review in the record hours listed on yelp open on mondays after driving 40 minutes with traffic it was closed this not fair only put a star because i have too .
crazy long wait on the weekends and overpriced but otherwise its a pleasant experience with pretty good food .
ok .
obsessed the best views best food a vacation just minutes away snow crabs are so good affordable and huge portion i just love it there .
free burrito bar isnt much of a burrito bar at all and they only offer the most boring tacos as half price .
lots if fun like a florida crab shack reminds me of home the oysters are fresh and the crab is awesome too great beers and who can beat the view and ambiance .
drinks are ok food has consistently been crap since i live in the neighborhood i really want this place to be awesome but its not go to mezcal down the street for good mexican food go here if youre breaking up with your significant other .
this place is awesome it was like a little piece of maine in new york i felt like i was on vacation our food was delicious the service was great the only negative was the 35 minute wait to get in i will definitely be going back .
new management took over and my two favorite things have been removed from the menu the orange honey margarita and the fajita burrito very disappointed even with the chips nothing seems the same .
there was a bit of a wait but there was lots to do in the meantime the crabs and service were great y but i dont think they give you enough for the price .
this is a  place to get drunk and  but the food was average at best another bar based on tequila with a menu thrown in after it .
i came here with my husband and son after walking around the neighborhood the wait for a table upstairs wasnt too long the food seemed so fresh beautiful views of the statue of liberty a very fun and delicious dinner overall .
bar is the strong point food is lackluster stay away from the fish they cook it like their steaks area really lacks good places .
i had a great time i love the scene and vibe super chill place to be honest the food wasnt super memorable but def go back for the scene and atmosphere great place to hang out in the summer time .
limited overpriced menu had pot roast nachos ah kids it was 4 nachos with big hunks of tough beef on top i realize they just opened but they need some serious fine  place is nicely redone and service was good .
best place for seafood in bk im from tha hook so you know i have to give good reviews .
the roast chicken banana rice and black beans was bland and uninteresting i dont know what other people tasted when they had this dish but it really wasnt worth finding this place .
mom is enjoying her birthday week a dinner a night very happy shes enjoying this .
huge disappointment this place is way overpriced for cafeteria style service the shrimp in the shrimp ceviche was clearly prefrozen lacking any  of taste the fried plantains were awful and the yellow rice was mediocre at best the stars are for the service and the black beans .
thank you to all who wrote negative reviews we got seated within five minutes food was great crab rolls french fries and amazing broccoli with garlic servers were friendly helpful and quick everyone stay away from brooklyn crab because we intend to go back and enjoy ourselves again .
this review is just for the cubano which was tasty but couldve used pickle in each bite other than that fairly wellbalanced but at 7 not the cheapest or one of the best cuban sandwiches ive had .
 has really out done themselves with this spot its a  a family fun favorite great beer crabs view and mini golf .
i had high expectations after reading yelp reviews ive had much tastier and cheaper meals further north in manhattan i will not be back .
nice restaurant bar has a beach theme i like it because it has a different feel than any other place in ny especially given how open red hook is .
will try the chicken next  monday or pasteles no more soggy  with more pickles than pork coffee was good .
really liked the snow crabs fried oysters my husband had the crab bites one of the fried fish baskets he enjoyed his meal as well will definitely go again .
seating was easy to find especially since most people that come in order and take it back to the office to eat the cubano was okay its a nice change from having to eat a subway sandwich fast service fun staff quick  ordering process .
great place to spend an afternoon on a hot day good bar tasty chilled seafood good view of the water the area is crying out for more places like this especially so given the fairly long wait times to be seated .
stopped in here for coffee and espresso and was disappointed weak espresso and  french press coffee accompanied by a dirty cup and an owner with an attitude ill skip this one for a revisit .
what a wonderful addition to the neighborhood im very surprised by some of the negative  certainly dont represent our recent experience here the fried shrimp basket and fish sandwich were particularly good and reasonably priced the service was also good were looking forward to returning highly recommended .
every time i go to the one in west orange they always forget something in the order i will never go again .
the fried scallops are the most delicious and you will get the most generous serving of seafood anywhere you will enjoy the calm and  river view and selection of their beers on tap .
the absolute worst food ive ever had in my life ive had diarrhea for the past 24hrs the rice was extremely salty the veggies were wilted and the meat was gross .
love it .
im sorry but this food was lousy chicken chow fun tasted like fish standard dishes like chicken string bean and moo  pork were not worth eating dinner literally went into the garbage very disappointing .
where else can you find this atmosphere one of the best views in the 5 boroughs who cares what they serve the place is a blast and the staff was really friendly .
this place again is soooo dirty owners please take the time to clean your establishments im begging you the food also tastes horrible i know i know we ordered the food and had it delivered before we visited the restaurant we wont be back .
fantastic we went there 5 friends with very different preferences and we all loved it see you soon .
poor mans farmhouse great if your hungry and your early for a movie other than that ill pass food was ok .
super fast service with great dish options love the vermicelli with the roll on top filling and delicious and good service .
should have stayed with the burger had the fish sandwich was bland tastes like nothing more than cod on a bun the french fries arrived cold our first visit not sure id come back .
wonderfully tasty food services is excellent and so helpful  the menu when your a first timer eating vietnamese .
this was the most disappointing meal i have ever had i asked for medium rare and i got so well done my burger could have been used in a hockey game and i paid 13 for it but i assure you that will not happen again .
best cha  pork and shrimp fried spring rolls ever also the   a must have at the end of your meal love  this place .
cons over roasted coffee muffins and bagels poor quality pros attracts people who enjoy talking to strangers great people watching in the heart of the italian market good  pies .
delicious food nice decor makes for a great meal i am never disappointed with this place to which i often dine in or do take out their nuoc  sauce is the best even out of towners are impressed with this place if only they would deliver .
4 stars for the yummy macarons 1 star for server who touched her hair with the  hand which they use to pick up the macarons not appetizing to say the least although i saw her do this after she served me wont return to this location .
one of my favorite places to eat the house special noodle bowl knows no competition when im there and i always come back to it if you want a little more space or easier parking you can always visit their west philadelphia location .
the employees are snobby but the macarons were decent .
one of my favorite vietnamese restaurants in philly the spring rolls are one of the best i had compared to other vietnamese restaurants i been to the service is friendly and the setting is nice the prices are affordable they take reservations for large parties .
came all the way from cali on labor day and they are close at 6pm dont even tell us they close early .
upscale vietnamese place without the upscale prices .
not a fan too sweet .
not the best pho ive ever had but still very good .
bouchon bakery is much better night day difference bigger  and tastier skip this bougie place and go there prime example of yelp gone wrong .
best vietnamese spring rolls in philly food is consistently good love the barbecue platter with a little of everthing dont like that they make you wait for your whole party to seat you nice decor and wait staff .
the macaroons here have a weird  flavor it taste like chemicals if you want to have a real macaroon go to  ciao les .
great spring rolls and big portions i would definitely come back again .
probably i dont have the taste nerve as most people do i just dont like their macarons it is way toooo sweet .
great pho also had a live crab cooked in the most interesting and delicious way service was great .
my friends love this place i think its ok maybe try keeping the  for a day after purchase my homemade ones tasted a lot better after it was  .
spring rolls are awesome seafood pot great beef plate amazing totally great .
i went there with my girl friend and we ordered 2 different risottos they were both disgusting and we couldnt even finish the half of the plate even though we were really hungry the food is terrible and the prices are  expensive .
the big bowl of soup here has healing  but in all  this restaurant and other places like this is why i love philly and its eclectic collection of people food and culture thank you vietnam restaurant .
horrible place the head waiter was uptight and look  the calamari was horrible and we waited 30 minutes for our food i recommend not going .
i love vietnam can go there over and over again always in the mood for it .
i walked my dogs by here one morning as  was taking away risotto houses garbage and there tons and tons of  crawling around under the garbage maybe not their fault but if the shoe fits etc etc etc ew .
yummy food fast and friendly service and were very accommodating of our large group i visited with a group of people while we were attending a  nearby and we left happy and full .
food was ehhh bruchetta was over cooked burnt the cheese risotto tasted a bit off the pork chop special was good sauce was a bit heavy .
the food is really good .
food came for lunch the chicken i ordered looked strange and the soup tasted like it was microwaved service the waiter was not friendly nor apologetic for getting my order wrong brought me the wrong dish  also the ambiance was  during the day wouldnt come back .
my favorite spot to visit in chinatown before 3am they have some killer noodle dishes the atmosphere is always buzzing i guess im not the only one that likes the place .
the grilled steak plate was so overly  that i still taste it 3 days later .
best vietnamese food in philadelphia service is always good and the food is consistently excellent .
strongly not recommend ordered grilled chicked plate takeout from seamless com the food might not be clean got   and felt  for 3 hours now .
the right place in philly for our vietnamese food craving excellent tender greens and   chop was tender and  as happy with the beef stuffed grape leaves avoid green papaya salad tasty cosmopolitan .
warning their name is mooncake but they have no  also the food was sub par sorry im not im not sorry .
great vietnamese food with excellent service equal to if not better than similar options in new york city the traditional dishes are made well and quite flavorful .
whatever you do do not come here they literally  every dish in lime juice ive never entered a restaurant where the food on my plate was  this changed after i went to mooncake foods .
a great traditional family owned and  for two  restaurant friendly owners and servers fair price some dishes are amazing especially the bbq sampler they are featured on travel channels different magazines almost everyone loves this place .
this is essentially fast food ok in a pinch but certainly not great by any standard dumplings lack refinement lobster summer rolls were stale fish in the fish tacos is dry steak with rice is ok .
this is my favorite vietnamese restaurant in philadelphia although i havent tried much dishes other than the saigon noodles which i am obsessed with definitely beats the other vietnamese places on the same street .
just another viet restaurant small fun runs out of food to serve green jalepeno garlic sauce is good calamari is soso if grilled you could not tell difference from steamed  wilted and poor today shanghai ribs are just like any korean bbq just ok food .
the food here is extremely flavorful i am always thinking about the amazing lemongrass pork chops they have here which i highly recommend overall the inside is very nice and the prices are moderate but i typically prefer vietnam palace across the street for their amazing soup .
horrible food i actually spit it out we asked for our check of course we gave our waitress her tip but i was so so so disappointed i normally get their delivery from their sister restaurant and its normally so yummy but wow this place was horrible .
my favorite place delicious food and great service i just cant get enough of it .
flavors were fine waitress was rushed but friendly pulled pork sandwich was flavorful and a good deal for the price dumplings were overcooked and short ribs were burnt and fatty wont be back .
i had a spring roll noodle bowl it was very tasty i enjoyed it i have a dear friend that is  so i am a bit spoiled i will be coming back here .
ordered a tomato soup and salad both were disgusting not to mention the cookie they send is stale and inedible threw everything away .
read my review of their sister restaurant with the same name todays meal here was crispy duck and it was ok but the service was fine i liked the other place better .
i only come here for the coffee not a big fan of the food i had high expectations because my friend recommended it and told me i have to go their toast is good though lol 0 o .
takeout was ready in 5 minutes i like this very much beef  soup amazingness perfect way to wrap up jan 1 2012 aka national hangover day .
tasteless tomato sauce limp crust and slices of mozzarella poor excuse for pizza cant understand why this has so many good ratings they dont seem to put any effort into  a good product .
fantastic broken rice pork chops chicken chow fun chicken papaya salad veggie pho and chicken lemongrass soup all so good great flavor good service and quality restaurant i ate here 2  in a row cuz it was so delicious on my business trip highly recommend this place .
eeeh i expected more i ordered a small classic with roasted artichokes and while the pizza was ok there were cold spots in the pizza how does that happen on fresh made pizza i prefer grimaldis in hoboken .
a local hotel front desk  pointed me here for a late night bite win i had the bbq pork vermicelli with a crispy spring roll while not a generous bowl it was great actually  .
was mancinnis sold .
im vietnamese and whenever i have a craving this is the place i goto my personal favorite is anything in the claypot fish in a claypot in particular comes with rice and the catfish is cooked in this hot pot salt and pepper chicken is good too .
our pizza was dry and  the tables are crammed together the menu is small the prices high there are better pizzas in the surrounding blocks avoid .
stuffed grape leaves and house special vermicelli bowl thats all you need to know .
chicken parmesan was below average 23 tilapia was just ok lunch sandwiches are just bad any deli would make better sandwiches im not going back there for lunch or dinner .
pros fresh great tasting food service is excellent affordable nice ambiance cons parking esp for dinners .
this place is horrible the fact that the owner from italy would put this kind of low quality tasteless food on a table is a disgrace stick to pizza at romeos .
friendly staff clean establishment and yummy food soups were excellent .
had the pork chops big portions but they came out a little dry great ambience not sure whether id come back should have had a pasta dish instead .
good place to eat .
mediocre service mediocre food .
really good really fresh lots of fresh veggies and herbs i have been to many vietnamese places in many cities this place is real authentic fresh vietnamese cuisine the bbq platter is perfect for two people there are lots of smokey flavors which i love .
went for a romantic dinner with husband did not like the place it says mediterranean but the menu only had italian food service could do better .
best spring rolls every time i am in philly i have to make a stop here for the bun vermicelli with chicken and spring rolls consistently excellent food and nice atmosphere .
dont order thai iced tea or bubble tea tasted powdered and artificial and too sweet will need to ask for your check and service is slow to take your order .
my boyfriend and i randomly decided to try out vietnam restaurant and we loved it the food was filling and the service was great i will definitely come back .
food is meh we had the shrimp and chips and the scallops dinner the seafood was fresh but not seasoned at all and the fries sucked i wont be going back .
genuinely good food spring  fried were excellent and the dipping sauce too i had shrimp curry i would recommend a few more shrimp but veggies were fresh and tasty with this entree you will not be disappointed .
lame cheeseburger looked like a kids burger and tasted like it too looks like a hole in the wall place inside .
not to be confused with vietnam palace across the street they are continually on the mark with simple cheap and amazingly tasty food .
avoid at all costs no good reason to go a place that looks like this better have good food it does not .
best spring rolls ever nobody in the city can beat their spring rolls and trust me i have tasted alot of spring rolls around the city of philadelphia and new york and the vietnam resturant comes out on top .
montclair diner is charging 2 25 for a glass of seltzer when questioned the hostess said oh that is considered a soda we have to pay for the gas in the thingy etc folks that is ridiculous been going to this dive for too long i guess .
best noodle bowls and spring rolls in the land portions are  .
great food and excellent service but very disappointing and inconvenient that they only take cash and no credit cards to management please pay the darn fees and make life easier for your patrons .
this place is amazing its hard not to stop in when im in the area my favorite food is the vietnamese meatballs the service is really fast too the place isnt that big so if you can an early arrival might ensure your seated right away .
4 for ambience 2 for food 3 for service the food is not memorable its decorated nicely but nothing wows me unfortunately ive had better .
delicious authentic vietnamese food restaurant is very clean and more than i expected for the typical asian restaurant will definitely come back here when im in philly again .
dont go hungry because you still will be when you leave and bring a wad of cash cause its expensive and well they only take cash was really disappointed .
you must order the spring rolls they are unparalleled it has gotten a little pricier over the years but it has an upscale modern atmosphere also the corn rice pudding is worth a try .
average at best space is incredibly bad servers are disconnected food is good but the total experience is average at best .
really good often crowded 3 levels of great food that really out among the other chinatown  good prices on food and drinks hit or miss service is the only reason theyre not sitting on a 5 star spot .
easier to just drive ten minutes to get my delivery food 1 12 hrs later and still waiting .
always delicious yum .
my food took over an hour and 15 minutes and im still waiting will never order from here again .
fast service clean tasty and authentic its always a good experience visiting vietnam my favorite joint in philly .
steak was good but ended up being doused in some sort of a butter service was terrible waitress was not attentive and got our order wrong .
stop reading this and go eat some food i always get the salt and pepper chicken i suggest you do the same .
great service the food was delicious loved the lamb chops spinach and mash  i got the runs from the food i went thursday its saturday and my system is still messed up very unfortunate because i liked the place a lot .
very nice lunch spot prompt service affordable and tasty food the spring rolls are amazing will definitely be back cant wait to try other things on the menu .
disgusting after 2 hrs wait we found hair in our food and a mouse crawling under the bar stools plus the rudest staff from manager to hostess a disgrace .
great food nice ambiance cheap another great dinner at vietnam .
the  wait is not worth the food they serve here my ny strip was overcooked and not medium rare and since it was served 45 minutes after we had the appetizers they truly  up our dining experience nope not going back there .
the food has always been fantastic at vietnam cant beat the quality of food for the price we drive from nj all the time to go here .
maybe ill give them a few more stars when i finally get my food on the corner of impatient and still waiting .
 with meatballs and spring rolls very good .
food is great we order the veal with chimichurri meat was well cooked tender and tasty dessert was delicious too great atmosphere why just one star the hostess fire her she has no manners people go to restaurants to have fun not to put up with like her .
great deal and good vegetarian options i can eat vietnamese soup again yay .
service is abysmal there is no food worth dealing with this you may read this and think oh but this doesnt really deal with the restaurant itself trust me save yourself a bad time and go somewhere else these people are the worst top to bottom .
ive only been to vietnam rest once but they had me at crispy spring rolls oh yea definitely going back ill come back with a better review later .
never ate here we waited 2 12 hours and ended up waiting over 3 12 hours only to be told it would be 30 min extra they seated parties ahead of us who clearly  the hostess lesson learned bring a wad of cash .
not as cheap as the vietnamese places on washington between 16th and the italian market but definitely a better atmosphere food is served nearly as soon as you place your order so theres not much time to build up an appetite come hungry .
delivery took over an hour pasta was ok not much flavor garlic knots are also not memorable the marinara sauce that comes with it is awful so watery .
my favorite restaurant in philly the food here is great and i also love the dark  wood decor inside the service is also very fast and friendly even when theyre busy and the prices are quite low considering how great everything is i love vietnam .
pizza is always doughy and way over priced the old man who owns it is rude and has no customer service will not be returning when these issues should be standards pizza also sits out a longtime and looks old .
this is one of our favorite places in philadelphia the food is great very reasonably priced and the service is solid i love the lime chicken my wife loves the chicken and broken rice the crispy spring rolls are amazing .
avoid if possible the food is subpar i ordered a regular crust and thin crust both were exactly the same i also ordered a panini it was under cooked and messy i gave this place two tries and they failed horribly on both .
the food is nice the starters are better than the main courses and can fill you up my personal favorite is the meat balls with the rice paper the service is good they will let you sit only once the entire group is present .
nice staff but the pizza was burnt and crunchy prices were reasonable though i dont recommend it though .
never disappointed fave place in nolibs never had anything here that was bad drinks food service always wonderful .
pizza was bland expected more from a brick oven pizzeria the staff was very friendly .
great place kitchy in a good way great great wings good burger good brunch good beers and cocktails just flat out fun and comfortable welcoming to all solid meal value you definitely get what you pay for .
probably the worst calzone ive ever had cold tasteless bland i sent it back to be cooked more or at least microwaved to warm the inside it didnt help although the pizza slices are generous in size the taste isnt we wont go back .
great wings and mac and cheese service was good draft list didnt seem to impress me but they had bells two  bottled so i was happy nice cool laid back environment .
the owner was nasty and  for no reason the pizza was unspectacular and overpriced .
been coming here for the last like 10 years definitely my favorite restaurantbar in philly always consistent food drinks are amazing the crispy chicken sandwich is my go to dish .
unfortunately our dinner took over two hours to come out tables seated 3045 minutes after us ate before we did then my dinner came cold and salty and the steak was tough i wont be back .
roasted chicken mash potato spinach with a mac cheese hands was da bomb a must buy .
8pm reservation 815 ordered food 930pm still havent eaten we left menu was good people nice try hen in the wood its real good .
over all a great experience food was very tasty service was timely and knowledgeable beer selection was top notch and current and the place has some amazing art great place for a date or just grabbing a beer .
i shit you not they served a boiled leek on a plate with a  of tomato paste enough said best night of the week never .
went to brunch here w my family on a sunday it was the first time for all of us we all enjoyed it good bloody marys i ordered something from the special menu blueberry pancakes topped w whipped ricotta it was amazing friendly waitstaff too no complaints here .
two of the worst steaks ive eaten in my life they are selling flank steaks as prime cuts horribly disappointing would never go back one of the worst meals ive ever had .
great atmosphere and hospitality good beer selections and amazing food best wings i ever had in a long time for amazing food this is the place to be .
this place is highly overrated there is nothing bad except that my pasta a la carbonara was extremely salty but since this is a  batalis restaurant i expected much more servers were not very attentive .
highly recommend the fried chicken sandwich the fries are pretty legit great vibe and servers are awesome we came on wednesday night and was able to sit down with no wait .
overrated tiny portions bland food mediocre service .
amazing food every time i come here to eat the food is always great i normally get the crispy chicken sandwich or go with the wings but today i finally tried there chicken and waffles and it was really good .
very snobbish waitress and not an accommodating atmosphere food wast all that .
been here twice both times were excellent must say they have awesome buffalo wings all the sandwiches are banging and the portions are generous which is good for me .
gruff for small portions this place used to be amazing with the welcoming aroma of rustic italy now it much more of a snooty fast food joint with rude service and small portions there are many other better places in the area .
always a good time good food good people .
i have been going to this place for 10 years reservation for tomorrow showed up tonight empty and rude hostess would not seat us thanks something about your restaurants everyone has an attitude .
great place food is great i mean really good try the asian wings the dumplings the fish taco specials change everyday great soup .
extremely salty and lousy service .
went there late food was fantastic and the drinks were good and well priced certainly hits the spot .
over rated too expensive ambiance weak service disinterested .
wings are amazing atmosphere is cool and hip sit under the giant boobs .
ill make this short and sweet the service was great but my  e  was too dry to even swallow and i found a fly in my wine .
tomato soup wings and tuna burger were stellar server was your typical  hipster for the area ill come back for the grub .
i was excited this place came to the neighborhood however we went on a friday and service was spotty food was very under seasoned and blah ive been to better mexican restaurants before not going back .
north third is that perfect neighborhood bar it has a good drink wine and beer list while also managing to have some great bar food and a cool atmosphere try the brussel sprouts theyre to die for stop by if youre in the neighborhood ill be back .
ordered  style pav bhaji which looked like mush  pav was not quite flavorful as we had expected either the appetizer samosa chat was also kind of bland good service but sadly will pass for food next time .
my normal orders include thai wings asian tuna burger with fries drinks arent the best so i stick with beers .
not really up to the challenge i ordered paneer makani and it tasted like raw tomatoes blended with spices and rice was dry warm but dry if you going to eat in then food will come promptly order out good luck .
this is one of our favorite go to places when we dont feel like cooking the burgers are delicious we have had several things on the brunch and dinner menu service is always great .
ownermanager in black shirt on xmas who seated us and rang us up abt 530pm is extremely rude get over yourself have some class and show respect of your patrons everyone else was really nice its not that hard  average nj diner .
best burger great drinks and friendly staff what else do you need .
far from impressed from this standard diner with its old school diner ambiance the service is slow and the food is subpar its your typical diner menu but with more and more diners updating their decor and getting creative with food park west loses to its competition .
the wings here are sooo good stop by just for those i like this place because ive always received very friendly and quick service and everything on the menu has always been solid drinks are okay lovely chill atmosphere i will be back to try out their brunch .
expensive and not good at all the place seems crowded a lot and i see no reason why i had the worst shrimp scampi ive ever had the soup seemed like it came from a package on top of it all my bill was 25 .
i love this place the food the service everything i just love it .
while my friend enjoyed her hamburger my chicken gyro was terrible it arrived cold and dry my waiter was cordial and did return it and it was better on second try but really still poor very disappointing .
brunch .
typical diner but for some reason this place kinda  me out i cant place my finger on it though food is decent but didnt blow me away by any means there are a ton more diners that do it better in the area .
north third was exceptionally accommodating to last minute party of 12 everyone was very friendly and helpful the food is delicious too .
foods gone down hill in the past year or so .
blt sandwich  wings never go wrong drinks are great margarita stoli  bloody mary .
somehow unlike alot of other reviews i have negative comments last time i ate hear an i had the  breakfast i was sick for more than 24 hours 2 people i know have gotten food poisoning from here last year ill never eat there again .
this is my favorite gastropub restaurant and i compare every  to their high standards go here bring everyone you know here boobs to the wall amazing the end .
yuck i have never had pizza cooked from a  belt oven before and never will again sloppy mess pizza .
the food and drink options are good the atmosphere is dark with very eccentric decor that really makes the place the service has always been great every time i have eaten there its not my first  to restaurant in northern liberties but it is definitely up there .
was sat at a table inside and was fighting flies for the provided stale bread and wine saw at least 20 flies on the wall adjacent to the table no thanks .
great food good vibe thai wings are awesome .
the pizza is okay but it would be a lot better if theyd  up the oven a little they keep it at about  which isnt hot enough for the crust to set up properly .
great eccentric bar we always order the  salad with grilled chicken probably one of the best burgers in philly with great beer on tap welcoming local joint to walk to in northern liberties or when you want to venture out of your neighborhood .
ignore this review was meant for china gourmet in  .
best thai wings ever cool decor .
we took our parents here and my mom had one  shrimp dumpling and immediately said dont eat anything with shrimp in it it tastes like bleach i tried it and yes it definitely tasted like bleach .
awesome place to go with a couple friends this place is not a party atmosphere really unique chill place i will definitely go here again if im in the area .
the search continues for a great chinese place closer to home .
this spot is one of my favorites in northern liberties a ton of beers and pretty solid food ive also never had a bad experience service wise i would suggest it if you were with a group of friends and just want a casual night .
never again i ordered take out from this place a few nights ago and everything sucked the duck had too much salt the sesame chicken had too much sugar and their lo mein had canned mushrooms in it really not worth it .
i love this bar the food  selection and staff are all great this is one of my favorite neighborhood places .
food was ok not great but not horrible had the chicken quesadilla with corn flour was more like tacos with cheese warmed up my friend has the pollo adobo it was just ok woman serving us was nice though would probably not come back to eat here .
ive been back here several times over the course of the last year food is consistent with flavors the wait is still  along with their service but i always end up leaving pleased because of their unique menus that i get to indulge in .
delicious mexican food especially fresh tasting however the customer service is poor  is very rude .
decent place to grab a bite get the asian  wings .
the hostess was very unprofessional and rude for bringing her problems into work with her .
food 5 decor 4 ambiance 5 service 4 value 5 .
this place is not too far from my place so i didnt have to walk too far for it tried three different dishes everything was mediocre very very average i dont know how this place gets such a high rating strange .
the decor is amazing i will upload some pics drinks were not water down food was out of this world service was perfect .
bad service mediocre food and dirty plates not impressed with any thing going on here wouldnt visit again .
great dinner specials cool vibe .
why has it been 1 hour and 30 min for a pizza and salad to get delivered to my house on a tuesday this is stupid and im hungry dont count on them .
this place is consistently great the specials are always interesting and it is the kind of place where you can order anything and know it will be great very eclectic divey decor service is always good and the beer list is excellent this is a cant miss place .
solid pizza but my friend and i both got the seafood pasta dish yada yada yada ive been on the toilet 25 times a day for 3 days my friend threw up at work an hour after eating it conclusion dont get anything but pizza here ever .
please get the tuna burger it is out of this world good rare of course yes it is that good .
the food was just ok maybe a notch above olive garden i was  by the convenient location and the large weekday lunch specials theres far better italian food to be had in a small radius of this place no complaints about the service though .
go here for dates great food drinks atmosphere dont be hesitant to try any of the specials i surely did not regret anything that i got here .
yuck i saw bug crawling on the walls .
shared two apps pork  and calamari both flavorful and plentiful the tuna burger medium rare was absolutely delish while hubby enjoyed the fried fish blt i really like this menu and cant wait to come back to sample the cobb salad mussels etc service quick and friendly .
this is a review for takeout this past weekend we picked up a pizza and calzone and neither of us cared for the food pizza had a sweet taste havent had other food from there expensive takeout i wont have again .
i used to get the burger here w each visit but lately the fish and chips have been calling my name fun atmosphere great for catching a game w some friends consistently superior service and great specials .
pretty good food but their staff is rude and ignorant .
the service atmosphere and food were excellent great beers on tap a definite place to go to .
went here for a coworker lunch it was pretty substandard italian food the pizza was greasy the salads were over dressed and the pasta unpalatable i went there once and honestly do not understand the hype .
just a few things to say yum yum yum yum yum always good special cocktails always yummy as well only annoying thing is brunch seems to get packed and doesnt end until pretty late and i cant get the dinner menu .
the pizza was eh and the service was horrible guess when your used to having great pizza its hard to eat a place that doesnt at least wow you with service when the food was mediocre .
north third never fails i have been there dozens of times for breakfast lunch and dinner and have savored every meal perfectly its simple attentive servers  specials great restaurant the boobs on the wall are just an added bonus .
theres way better pizza in philly were not talking ny quality here but its out there dont buy into the coal oven hype its not all that the cheese is good but the sauce and crust just dont hold up .
loved the service and had a nice vibe the wings were delicious the asian style ones enjoyed the beet salad and the  crab special was yummy the fried chicken cobb salad looked great coming out of the kitchen as well .
food is just 100 meh great beer selection happy hour so id go again for drinking similar to other peoples experience the food took forever and was average at best .
ive been back several times now and can say the food is consistently delicious and now after trying various brunch cocktails amazing who needs to go wait for an hour or more down the block at  .
the best way to describe the office is tgi fridays with bad service and bland food i know there are a couple of offices in nj but i didnt expect for it to feel like a chain restaurant i should have went to a diner instead .
consistently good and creative food funky atmosphere and mix of people .
i went to lunch today and had to return the fish chips entree it smelled like ammonia they took it off the bill but my lunch was ruined and i hope no one else orders that fish i guess i wont be returning there soon .
really enjoyed this place everyone at the table was thrilled with their orders i had the wings which were definitely spicier than i expected but still among the best ive had in philly very nice atmosphere .
probably one of the worst i have tried anywhere the service was abysmal the food was passable and the ambiance was unlike any  more of a diner on a highway .
best hummus you cant go wrong with anything offered off their menu and the margaritas are so good i wish we had one in passyunk square .
you might get food poisoning here and the crowd is terrible but they have decent beer on tap ok in a pinch .
same review of the food and drink as below but i did go again on a friday night same server same extremely slow wait time to get service from him .
service was very good here but food was not beer is served in a water glass had a grilled chicken caesar salad lettuce was a little  had a appetizer chicken wings and things just not good desert was fine a chocolate  very good .
best bloody marys in the city .
not impressed wasnt the worst thing ive ever ate terrible wait staff steak was over done got a good beer but thats easy the one in  is better by far .
north 3rd is one of my favourite places in my neighborhood its amazing that a small bar has such outstanding food great fish dishes bread pudding and micro brew specials everyday great brunch on the weekends really amazing for a small neighborhood bar .
the food was horrible and so was our waitress the other ones im positive are better but unfortunately ours sucked its just all very amateur here blame it on   but i dont think ill ever eat here again on purpose .
you can find places like this in the small  all over philly this one is one of the better gastro pubs i have been to cheap drinks and great food to go with it its a bit loud but the sevice was fast and friendly .
food less than desirable canned product for sure service friendly sounds lame there is surround music and jukebox music that play at the same time annoying .
great neighborhood pub where everything exceeds you expectations truthfully nothing pops on the menu so you usually fall back on a dish that promises mediocrity then ends up delivering the goods the biscuits and sausage gravy are no joke great beer menu too .
the bread is great everything else is overrated and overpriced huge building and not much in the deli ill take shoprite in west caldwell over  also the new sign is  and unnecessary .
great neighborhood spot if you find yourself in the area be sure to stop in for a pint we didnt eat but sampled some unique brews including offerings from dark horse in marshall mi nice vibe here .
another year another price raise now 9 99 i havent been in a while but quality isnt as good as i remember also deli sandwich menu was taken down so had to make one on spot guess thats can be a good thing or a bad thing .
north third is one of those bars where you can return again and again because the beer selection is satisfying and the food classic suggest the wings asian or buffalo any soup pork tacos and the mussels great place for a first date or a 40th date .
i was disappointed in their italian hot dog sandwich today it did not have enough hot dog everything else was good the service was god and sitting out on their  was great on such a nice day .
ate outside with my family great menu variety and really good tasting food .
had the worst food poisoning in my life after eating here  my  out and diarrhea it doesnt even deserve one star .
love the beer selection the ambience and the food outdoor seating is cool if the weather cooperates too .
nothing to tell your friends about great home baked bread for appetizer the pasta was mediocre and the quality and taste do not match the over priced menu definitely not a 4 star maybe 3 star 2 starts is a good fit for them .
someone told me this was a dive its hip but not a total dive at all had fun didnt eat drank some and i would go back .
the pizza  was pretty disappointing the crust was horrible it had zero flavor and tasted as though it had been frozen the toppings though were ok however nothing special this place seems to do better with their pastas but i wont be back .
this place should be on diners drive  and dives what great food even foodies will enjoy it definitely check it out .
service was quick and the food came right away but we had the mussels and clams as an appetizer and it was lukewarm when the entrees came they were hot but the taste was mediocre at best our pasta was hard and the lobster crab ravioli was  .
took  town family who loved the food as a vegetarian its sometimes hard to get a kitchen to accommodate special requests food was very good service place was busy was prompt and not pushy bartenders music mix added to the overall fun we all had .
hostess was a nazi extremely rude dont bother with this place .
beer pairing on wednesday night this week april 27th was out of this world everything was perfect the plates and the beers balanced perfectly my friend wanted seconds well done .
attitude is unbelievable .
i read all the reviews on yelp before  here with my girlfriend for dinner all i can see is holy crap the food was orgasmic especially the baked macaroni and the drinks were fun i would def come back .
just ok service is pretty fast once seated if youre in a hurry and just need something then this might work for you tourist trap .
awesome staff awesome beer awesome decor incredible burger only thing id change add a little more lighting even if just to the individual tables this was one of those places where i had to whip out my cell phone to  the menu .
this restaurant has a fabulous selection of pasta but if for some reason you dont eat pasta stay away .
this is a great location for sunday brunch if you want to avoid long lines at other nearby  this is a great alternative low key not too crowded and a diverse menu they serve a terrific mulled wine .
terrible service solid food waiters are clueless and drinks are watered down will not return .
awesome .
this place was terrible way over priced bad service and they have a very limited menu not to mention they were out of half of the menu options when we went there are much better restaurant choices and we are sorry we wasted an evening here .
the first time i went i hated the service if you were not part of the in crowd you were made to feel like you did not belong but now it is great my kids love breakfast large french toast they even accommodate people with celiac great place .
really lousy food and i dragged my two new yorker friends there after seeing the rave reviews it was completely empty when we got there and when we left only one other  in the restaurant never again .
one of my fave neighborhood bars i like to bring all my dates here love their brunch too they get my vote for favorite bloody mary favorite bread pudding .
not a reorder .
great bar food lager and awesome service what more can you ask for oh amazing decor you say check they got it in a city of haters this place stands out as being friendly and it doesnt hurt your wallet highly recommended .
food was salty and not especially creative the ambiance is pleasant and the service was polite but slow .
one of my nolibs favs consistently good food great wings brunch menu selection and nice draught beer selection .
service was very slow and then they automatically added a 20 tip to the bill so even though the food was ok i will not be coming back here again .
this is my favorite place to eat in town the crowd is cool the lighting is flattering the food is divine any soup is a great bet the clams special is a favorite and their hanger steak is juicy and delicious love the artistic flare .
the price is right and its a laid back atmosphere but the oxtail ragu dish didnt live up to the hype .
although every part of the service was appalling i noticed this at other tables besides mine also last night i have to  the food up a notch here very good .
their bad service is greater than the goodness of their brunch the server i had was so rude i was scared of him never coming back  .
best wings ever original or asian inspired fingerlicking good choc chip bread pudding is not to be missed .
it sux dont waste ur money .
lightning fast service delicious food great atmosphere .
terrible food although hear that non vegetarian options are good surprisingly less vegetarian options for an indian restaurant .
easily the best burgers in all of philly actually ive never had a bad meal here the only problem is that parking is a pain in the ass but that goes without saying in no libs and sometimes theres a long wait for a table .
i dont get it this was horrible overpriced and reminds me of the soup  i think they had good soup dont bother .
due to frequent  in chefs i  away from north third for a while but for the last year things have been spot on delicious hearty reasonably priced meals a top pick for casual dinner in northern liberties .
overpriced undercooked  burger joint the point is that its supposedly the  of the burger but id imagine whoever came up with the second burger rather than the first has a better one than here yuck .
north third has a decent selection of quality beer at an affordable price the atmosphere is fun and interesting i would highly recommend this bar if youre in the area .
we went on a saturday no matter how good the burger if it is 50 minutes waiting time its not worth it .
i came here about a year and a half ago they had a seared tuna that was amazing i checked their menu recently and it looked like they dont make it anymore definitely some interesting decor but the food is right on id like to go back sometime .
stopped by when i took a trip to boston was i disappointed the meat is dry and disgusting on dry toast then they insult you when you mention ketchup for their dry and disgusting meat the best way to describe the burger is garbage .
the place has everything neighborhoody eclectic decor and tasty food but to top it all they passed the supreme test fish is not fried in their fish tacos bravo .
if you must not much flavor but lots of history i wont be back .
great place one of phillys original gastro pub unpretentious casual atmosphere can pull of sophisticated dishes not only your basic bar fare though their burgers are pretty great try the wings .
the burger didnt impress me they are really proud of their history and want to stay true to their roots but really the food wasnt worth it the burger was a piece of ground beef cooked rare with a slice of tomato in two pieces of white toast .
still one of my favorite spots hands down atmosphere is great food is even better recommend this to everyone that steps foot into northern liberties .
the burgers are honestly just ok nothing special and while it may be a novelty of sorts that they are served on toast i wasnt wild about it sorry .
being able to buy a liter of duvel would have sold me just on its own but then the french fries and the lentil soup two of my favorite foods on the planet and the fact that it feels like el  de los  in here amazing .
if taken for face value this is a pretty average burger the place doesnt have condiments they only sell burgers i mean its an american landmark but does that  to good quality food and service in the current  .
this place was my  to philly and after 3 years its one of my favorite places great food drinks and atmosphere .
nice history cute little place but burgers were bland sorry head to caseus or prime 16 if u crave for burger .
how i love thee affordable yummy food blood orange margaritas are  satisfying id eat there every day if i could i think i did for a while .
waited two hours to get burgers that were bland and definitely not worth the wait i will never go there again dont buy into the tv hype .
 bar in philly great food brunch is excellent friendly service .
just close already .
very eclectic diverse menu check wacky interesting decor check  movie night check the only problem is that it can get a little bit crowded when the late night drinking crowd moves in go visit youll like it .
so excited to be there and then it was time to eat very upset that the burger lacked any flavor at all .
they have my favorite beer on tap its a microbrew out of   art called the resurrection lots of yummy food on the menu to accompany it and the ambiance is dark and sexy .
it is just worth because of historic value people are rude place is too small and burgers are ok .
the best wings in philly .
its a burger on two slices of bread i enjoyed mine with cheese and an orange soda .
5 stars for monster marys alone the food is also great but that mary is all i need .
by all means go and see  take outoftowners but every once in a while is enough for me 5 years ask for ketchup and see what happens .
love the food especially the desserts great bar to drink and hang out w friends .
5 stars for history 1 stars for being a burger on white bread yes everyone should experience louis lunch at least once and i dont doubt that some people actually  it but not me .
great food but a little pricey i like to go from time to time as a treat outside seating in the summer the burgers rock .
very mysterious how in the world can a restaurant that sells overcooked  meat  on toast stay in business let alone be so popular very mysterious .
my favorite place for brunch equally for their food and their bloody maries the best ive ever had and they come in pint glasses they have great burgers and soup too this place really makes me miss philly .
gross overly hyped terrible service 2 hour wait waste of time and obviously bad for your health .
great fried calamari crispy and seasoned great pizza definitely worth a visit byob and good service .
no personality in the servers or flavor in their food extremely disappointed and the prices are a bit steep for the atmosphere and there is no bar will not return .
great authentic pizza and they deliver which is unheard of in these parts service when you eat in is decent the servers are sometimes  but they are usually  so understandable to me anyway .
dont ever come here 35 minutes waiting and watching tables sat after us get their food with no news from the staff menu was nothing special and not cheap ive never walked out on a restaurant before but theres a first time for everything .
great service great food and even better pizza  tried it out i love their vodka sauce .
very overrated long wait for not so excellent food im from california and i eat better at our food trucks than at raymonds long wait a wait staff that could care less and beware that when you order anything with  it is more like packaged guacamole .
very nice light italian dinner with my lovely wife .
smallest table in the world meatloaf that tasted like spam and i nearly broke a tooth on the bread that came with the artichoke dip enough said .
everything i had was really good waiter was nice and recommended some good dishes braised short rib was very good would go back again soon .
ive never really understood why there is so much hype for this place the food is good but nothing out of this world it is extremely over priced for what it is and ive never had a great experience with the service much better options in montclair .
best burger i have ever tried awesome atmosphere and really inventive cocktails .
last time i went to this place with my family the food was decent i ordered pancakes and it tasted well not impressive because its normal plain my mother cooks better pancakes .
this is comfort food central the kale salads always a  i feel back home when im here and have had some great memories definitely a place for a date or visiting family no one can say they cant find a dish seatings competitive but the bars easy .
well its convenient when in the area thats it food is less than sub par  get the hungry out of default no other nearby gave it a few trys still nope rather be hungry kids meal was huge but who wants more of the blahhhh .
great place for brunch or lunch i ordered poached fried rice kale salad and washed it down with french pressed coffee the ambiance is rustic yet modern and the staff very friendly .
bar and atmosphere is good but food is not very thai too saucy and bland i had basil chili chicken and there was no  basil but zuchini slices yuk if i go there again i would ask them to prepare in traditional thai manner not bayonne manner .
good quality food and a popular spot for brunch and dinner portion sizes tend to fall on the smaller side the restaurant fills up quite quickly the dining experience is done well place has got a hipster vibe fitting for the neighborhood .
the beers and the music were excellent the food taste like chinese take out .
favorite spot in ny .
nothing spectacular cheaply made food but they charge you a fortune tried it twice and neither time was anything to brag about .
excellent food great bunch spot and quality of food .
greasy gross no authentic thai so it seems i went a while ago and asked for kee mao and i got a confused look again if your into a greasy mess of a meal go for it .
the sunday special is a 3 course meal that is dandy loved the food everything was seasoned perfectly the service was excellent and attentive you do get really close to your neighboring tables but that can lead to fun conversations too .
only thing worth going for is the filipino  however this last i came i was disappointed waffles were way overbooked hard and tough to eat .
great service and food was incredible the duck breast and duck fries were top notch and though the restaurant is small it provides a great intimate experience need to try the brunch .
arroz caldo was good but they give you a small size for 9 the  was dry and not authentic overall this place is not good if youre looking for an authentic filipino place queens has better filipino food .
pros super cute farmtotable high quality food cons long wait but what restaurant in nyc doesnt have a wait small portions .
what can i say price for the food ridiculous food was decent but for the price next .
yelp never lets me down the rant and rave about the kale salad is true its simply delightful i also got a strawberry rhubarb mimosa that was very lovely ill definitely be back .
food was just ok the flies did not make my meal any more appetizing .
awesome waitress named summer in a vegan and she helped me find the delicious strawberry salad right off and guided me through ingredients i didnt  you go girl .
get to the chase pros 1 great service quick polite and friendly cons 1 not impressed 2 food wasnt anything new or special 3 was empty at 500 pm and the veggies looked overdone 4 not worth the 90 for 4 people .
came here for brunch on a weekday on a  from a friend would recommend this to others great food good prices over great vibe although the chairs were uncomfortable .
first the portion was too small this s not french resto second the sisig was so disappointing ugh third it is expensive again this s not a french resto so stop pretending  .
great farm to table seasonal choices good sized portions for the price friendly and knowledgeable staff interesting and unique menu items a small romantic spot hidden away in the bustle of the east village .
i liked the staff at this joint and the food was good but expensive for for what you get filipino food is usually half the price and you get more bang for the buck elsewhere oh if you want good drinks for cheap come on by .
awesome food and really cool ambiance great date night spot .
kimchi grill is disappointing its another one of those kimchi gimmicks  around in ny .
the biscuits are to die for actually everything is good ive only eaten brunch here but never had a bad meal i come every time im in nyc .
inconsistency at its best sometimes 5 stars sometimes 0 put some meat on your stuff that says it has meat atleast try to send it warm order somewhere else in desperation this place is ok if youre willing to roll the dice .
weekday brunch with a friend means no wait sit as long as you want quick delivery of famed kale salad said kale salad is refreshing salted with  and toasted almonds sweetened with roasted butternut squash and filling  two baked eggs .
the  looking and  tasting tortillas from here to  squeeze all joy and life out of any meats or vegetables  into them not returning .
place is awesome .
the food was delivered cold and i live maybe 5 mins away and even though i specifically asked for no beans in my burrito the thing was slathered in beans very disappointed .
probably my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood consistently great food and service wether for dinner brunch or their special dining events .
good food no bathroom its terrible to eat good food and not be able to pee .
great service incredible food recommend the winter squash dairy free with the pork to share best plates i had in nyc in a while original flavorful recommended .
im sorry but mexican korean are nice in theory but in  it totally missed the mark its bland overpriced onions with a pinch of food added extremely disappointed .
buttermilk biscuit and kale salad were fantastic enough for me to walk the miles from the union square train station again .
i wanted to love it here but there was a piece of plastic in my taco .
food was really good tried the cheese egg with grits and the southern fried rice dont get the pork sticky rolls though the contrast between  glaze and the  pork was really weird wait was 40 mins long though and it was really cold today .
terrible service the trashy short lady is rude giving you dirty looks and just  at you like really  why are you even here their hot chocolate was terrible so i rather walk farther to starbucks than giving them money or see that rude a b .
fantastic meal absolutely fantastic warm squid salad was exceptional tuscan kale salad was fresh balanced bread was ok striped bass was amazing the waffle dessert with ice cream was badass .
went today grabbed a bunch of bagels to go service is crap and rude my order was screwed up top to bottom and the pig couldnt keep his eyes and comments out of the young ladies  who is managing this  .
northern spy has a cozy atmosphere thats great for a brunch between friends and im sure other meals as well kale salad with clothbound cheddar was amazing and actually cured my hangover .
no liquid sugar  sugar for the iced coffee service is slow their everything bagel has salt on it makes a difference compared to dunkin donuts would prefer  bagel compared to this but dd has more  .
i rarely give restaurants a full 5 stars but spy gets my vote because the food is so fresh inventive and eye appealing service is friendly and the neighborhood is funky and interesting this is the restaurant i select when its my birthday .
disappointing went there twice service was terrible my latte was horribly prepared and the server spilled it all over the cup even the bagels are not specially good .
killer food killer service order biscuits .
phone girl answered said were closed then hung up my family orders from here at least three or four times a month well used to i am tired of their long wait times and rude employees .
two words sunday supper .
dirty bar atmosphere and very low class clientele if you want a cheap bar night with low grade beer then it may be for you the food is terrible .
great food i would definitely eat here again service is friendly however food can be slow to come and the waitresses lose track of orders due to apparent  .
french onion soup was good worst ribs ive ever had service was soso big tell that the restaurant is empty at 8pm .
the kale salad with baked eggs is ridiculously good typically a long wait on the weekend but worth it never a disappointment they dont deliver on weekends .
pretty laid back atmosphere food is decent and prices arent bad the bartenders were friendly so i can see myself coming back .
my sister gave me a gift certificate so we went for dinner one night recommend the kale salad and the pork sticky buns both really good small restaurant and a bit out of the way but worth the trip .
good service but bad food menu is too big i had the salmon burger and i should have cooked my own frozen burger patty fries were okay i like well done ones so at least i could eat something on my plate .
excellent service and food each dish is presented like a work of art i particularly enjoyed the salmon and squid salad the berry  dessert was perfect as well highly recommended .
stopped here to get a meal instead of nj  rest stop food this wasnt much better actually the greek salad would have been decent if they didnt smother and soak it in the dressing the wings were ok the margaritas were awful .
only been here for brunch definitely get the kale salad its to die for also if you want a drink get the fuji apple mimosa .
looks pleasant from the outside but this is not a restaurant its disgustingly dirty  random smells and the food is abysmal wouldnt even call this a dive bar its an episode of kitchen nightmare waiting to happen .
order the corned beef hash biscuits and apple cider you do that and i  you will love this place .
i got sick as a dog after eating their fried clams i will not go back again ever .
im kind of obsessed with the kale salad plus the sunny side up eggs .
terrible place dont go i was served either reheated or overdone scallops which tasted burnt they looked  my son had a chicken parm sub which was very tough and chewy very disappointed .
pork sticky buns dying everything was great corned beef hash biscuits staff definitely great brunch .
the view the water thats it the creemee is nothing to write home about .
fantastic place for brunch the wait is a little long but the food made up for it i highly recommend the biscuits kale salad with eggs and their grapefruit mimosa .
yeah the spot is cute and the service is really nice but for me this was mediocre japanese food cool concept to serve japanese breakfast dishes but it seems as if the chef doesnt taste his own cooking almost all the small dishes were underseasoned and bland .
the food is amazing i had the roasted chicken and it was the best chicken ive ever had and the gnocchi was to die for i only wish they put more gnocchi in the dish .
that used to be one of my favorite restaurants unfortunately these days the food is so mediocre i do not recommend this place .
 the best brunch i ever had damn that kale salad cereal and polenta were good .
disappointing tiramisu and the smallest scoop of ice cream ive ever seen maybe thats due to it being half melted when it arrived seriously how can you make disappointing tiramisu anything really is possible .
came for the brunch it was really cute and good had to wait about 40 minutes for a table but all things considered it wasnt too bad service was good bloody marys were nice and spicy .
its too bad because its a great location and a nice spot but its just not good drinks fine and beer and wine list good food hit or miss and expensive for what it is not something to return to .
amazing brunch the kale salad was the best ive ever had make sure to add eggs to it the polenta with eggs is creamy and full of flavor sat on some very very uncomfortable stools but everything else was incredible .
i was served a salad with slimy lettuce leaves all im saying is that if you pay 6 bucks for a small plate of greens they should have the care to take out any slimy lettuce .
excellent great vibe great food had the kale and almond salad which was killer and then the carrot entree with barley which is insanely good ill be back alot .
the only reason to go here is to be seen super expensive yet absolute garbage crostini was so hard i think it must have been made with viagra sent it back and waited 20 minutes when i asked what happened the server said stuff happens .
really cute place with great food healthy too would definitely go back the gnocchi were phenomenal and the  lived up to the yelp hype .
the actual restaurant is good drinks food and occasional live music the clientele is pretentious and  which ultimately ruins the bar for everyone other than the dartmouth crowd .
this is my new favorite restaurant the trout was great the chicken was the best ive ever had ever the kale salad was great the chicken liver mousse was great im going back asap .
slow service cooking was basic and  my soup and main course came out too cold on the plus side there is a nice beer list heavy on local  .
i woke up this morning still thinking about the shrimp with delicious celery root sauce i just want to eat it all the time service was good place is cozy on a cold winter night and if you head there late on a sunday no wait .
lovely place but must have just been a bad day or something because unlike the great reviews on yelp i had bad service horrible food even worse coffee dont think i will be coming back the only decent thing was the glass of water the fruit bowl .
really great spot priced are fair my favorite dish was the kale salad it was delish we had to wait about 30 mins for a seat not to bad though we wil  be back .
no ac really crowded they didnt get us bread food took like 45 min it tasted good but was an uncomfortable brunch atmosphere overall .
love it for brunch the kale salad with baked eggs is to die for so are the homemade biscuits with maple butter and the brunch cocktails are tasty and fun dont go there because i want to keep it secret so i can always get a table .
french onion soup delicious service horrible horrible horrible .
amazing .
we waited over 45 mins to get our food we also had to ask for bread while everyone around us was getting baskets of it without asking the food was just meh and my husband and i ended up having some stomach issues after we ate .
2 words kale salad i regularly come here for their coffee and its i think the best coffee in the east village no joke and the kale salad is heavenly and the  is seriously cute and awesome go .
i came here on a sunday brunch not impressed with their service nor their foods i dont know whats the fuss with this place .
foodgasm love this place will go every time im in ny dont miss brunch .
this was pretty yucky i mean not horrific but definitely not good the crepe was spongy and weird the salad tasted literally like dirt and was an extremely strange combination of flavors the service was definitely not attentive i would not go back .
thank you northern spy for turning me onto kale everything on the menu was delicious and i like that it  with seasonal ingredients i will be back to try  and fall  .
not good a  whose main ingredient is mashed potatoes also had the chili fries which were decent but very greasy the cornbread was excellent .
great food chilled watercress soup and kale made good compliments to each other for an appetizer if you want to try different things the lamb and the scallops were excellent too .
after i asked a waitress for a glass of water and she  i can get your waitress i cant remember what my food was like .
enjoyed a delicious brunch here with friends a few weeks ago the food was great and the prices werent awful we had the biscuits baked eggs the polenta eggs and the  the only draw back was that they were out of bloody mary ingredients .
if you want real mexican food go elsewhere the tamales were horribly salty and lack any real flavor head downtown to  .
i took the suggestion from the couple next to us to get the kale salad eggs and a side of biscuits and bacon it was the perfect brunch it wasnt a bad wait on mothers day weekend either only  or so great spot .
ok ive only been here once but that was enough the food was not good enough said you might as well walk over to chilis instead that seems more mexican than this place .
this is my husband and is favorite  in the city delicious farm to table meals and amazing desserts make a reservation on weekends it gets crowded .
sucks sucks sucks fish market in tijuana is better than this slop so bad i wont give it the respect of a  review fk this place .
great brunch .
brunch was decent came here before the po by was good i would stick to the pancakes or anything but the eggs .
excellent food loved everything ive eaten there great quality vegetables and meats local grass fed organic etc totally recommendable .
one star plus for the food sausage po boy mac and cheese red beans and rice feh if youre stuck in the neighborhood an additional star for the service .
the food and decor makes this place worth coming to again and again we started with the flat bread then went with the fluke and shrimp entrees everything was good but we thought the fluke was more amazing than the other two dishes .
i was looking forward to something more authentic food was okay not great but the service was awful just the absolute worst .
tiny place but not unlike most in the neighborhood the menu tastes better than it reads the food is well thought out and simple but done well a bit on the trendy side but i have been back a couple of times only beer and wine to drink .
service friendly atmosphere cool drinks fine food had me running back and forth to the bathroom the food wasnt great but try for urself if i come back it would be for the drinks only .
the food is so good and service is attentive just wish i dont have to wait so much for dinner on weekends ha .
the food was overprice and bland trying to be creative but failed miserably at least that night the service was somewhat annoying trying too many times to  our dishes before we were done .
food was great my portion was small could have eaten another item .
not a memorable meal drinks so so only 5 stars for service though they even gave us a free round of drinks toward the end great location in tribeca has potential but food and drink needs to be better .
referred by a friend when  didnt work out along with the attentive service the food we ordered was great biscuits blood orange mimosas chicken and egg sandwich polenta and eggs brunch priced just right too .
stay away from the sushi i love sushi however if this place had been my first experience with sushi i would never become a fan other than that the food is okay especially when your in an hurry and searching for a healthier alternative .
excellent brunch ive also been there for dinner as well food is great high quality comfort food for brunch the top two items are the homemade corn beef hash and the sausage gravy with biscuits the decor and environment is very charming and comfy good date spot .
after hearing that this was one of  best italian restaurants my companion and i were deeply disappointed my pasta was undercooked and his veal over salted quite frankly we have had better italian meals at  .
kale salad super yum overall it is super cute fresh ingredients very friendly and unpretentious staff .
more of a status restaurant dont expect much for your dollar dont wear jeans and sneakers or youll get ugly looks from the  regulars .
great local neighborhood eatery best brunch in the east village if you order the biscuits make sure ask for an extra pot of jam .
decent food disappointing service tight but decent bar area uppity attitude that did not sit well with myself or others i have gone with for great italian food i prefer  down the road for classic italian food and more reasonable pricing .
this is why you go back to restaurants and dont judge them right when they open they improve northern spy is a standout in quality and value a great choice around the holidays as well well priced prix fixe that lets you celebrate without breaking the bank .
after high recommendations i was disappointed caesar salad tasted like they forgot to put the dressing on it service was slow and the bottle of wine we ordered never showed up the hanger steak special was the highlight of the visit .
solid brunch option in ev recommended dishes include biscuits and gravy and eggs with polenta french toast looked amazing but they ran out .
the service here is so bad food is ok i wont be back they need to train there waiters to give the guest attention and make sure they have everything they need the busboys and runners should be the waiters they are  .
food was amazing breaded pork was  to perfection fries good but wouldnt order them again beer was cheap during happy hour place got packed fast .
horrible service cramped when busy cash only .
ups close to me brunch biscuits corn beef mimosa kale salad overall  downs can be a wait for brunch communal tables overall one of my favorite brunch spots its a top 3 in alphabet  on par with back 40 and mud .
regular place not much to say about it i went tonight because it had good reviews in yelp but i dont agree .
amazing dinner striped bass pork lamb locally sourced were all delicious as was crispy gnocchi and salads attentive wait staff and delightful atmosphere .
ok italian food calamari was good wines were ok mussels were good i had a mushroom paperdelle which was decent the tagliatelle was eh the lasagna was eh small place but they did try their best to make it comfortable cool name .
everything was very tasty gnocchi was great and i know gnocchi beet salad was awesome loved the goat cheese highly recommend .
food is fine very loud and always crowded not a very comfortable dining experience .
the best brunch ever .
i was so excited to try this place until i sat at our table to check out the menu and a cockroach crawled across my plate setting we immediately left ick .
great dishes good coffee and nice atmosphere with local emphasis i particularly recommend their lamb burger i think its one of the best in nyc .
no no 11 for one piece of eggplant as an appetizer i am so sorry you made a big mistake here and lost my business and anyone else i would have taken to  .
little pricy for strange reason you can get breakfast type dinner and the lunch best deal is lamb burger very  .
been here a few times and i want to like it but every time the food has been unimpressive and overpriced and the staff has been smarmy and inattentive had a particularly rude bartender today think im done hoping this place will get better .
great food staff could be better recommend berry seltzer bloody mary french toast side of bacon .
ugh poor service over priced blah food avoid outdoor seating is nice if having only drinks .
northern spy is fantastic in just about every way and then theres the fact that they serve the very best gnocchi i have ever had in my life one note the cocktails are delicious but they do not have liquor so dont come hoping for a sazerac .
brunch was shabby and overpriced i ordered a salad with trout poached eggs and root vegetables i could not find the trout but there was a lot of radishes oh and i could not taste the coffee over the radishes because it was soo weak .
the waitress who served me here was among the best ive ever had knew a lot about everything on the menu including the ingredients in each of the drinks and was able to describe them in lots of helpful details the food was down to earth but delicious .
terribly slow service  prices mediocre food we went for the  bbq event and the only reason i didnt give 1 star is because the guy manning the grill did it well his food was good the stuff brought from the kitchen was bad .
this place is awesome kale salad is a must side   but still a good dinning  .
food is good the service is not so good and watch the billing is shady especially when it comes to the brunch drink menu because of the billing issues and the suspect service they wont be getting my business again .
duck fat fries are superb i had the special pork cut of the day and it was  but the texture was quite tough overall a very enjoyable restaurant though .
mediocre i had a chicken breast and it was overcooked and dried throughout the rice also isnt good quality and they put butter all over their food .
northern spy is a reasonably priced restaurant that features the only thing that matters good sustainable food my waiter was also sweet and attentive without being too  plus the place feels like a charming barn i grabbed some delicious   as desert .
the service was terrible our host had the most terrible attitude and barely helped us my food was ok but my friends food wasnt the steak had a very burnt taste i wouldnt go back best part about it was the music .
really really good coffee must get their biscuits the best biscuits ive ever had everything here is fresh and simple .
came here for my friends bday it was quiet an experience and i would definitely come back .
one of my favorite spots in the east village when im not looking for ramen ive been here three times and im always amazed simple and delicious farm to table food you can really taste the  in the fresh ingredients a great cozy atmosphere as well .
i ordered a sandwich cubano probably not the best dish out of the menu but it was recommended by a friend the sandwich itself was good but it was served with rock hard fried banana chips service was good otherwise .
great  the wait the egg and kale salad is off the chain .
1 when we were first sat the staff was in the middle of breaking up a fight amongst staff members 2 the food took forever to come out 3 the food was super plain and had deli mustard on it i ordered the restaurant special cubano sandwich .
amazing brunch some of the best biscuits ever slow  scrambled eggs were really good like cheesy buttery grits cool place and staff my new favorite brunch spot .
the food was average the music rocked .
everything i tried at this place was delicious the service was great the atmosphere nice but relaxed the food american with a refined taste for flavor and texture i like the fact that they supply their ingredients locally too .
chicken was over cooked there wasnt much flavor and service wasnt the greatest we had ceviche chicken with rice and beans huevos rancheros and maduros there are a lot of other cuban restaurants that are much better including cafecito .
absolutely love the kale salad here refreshing and tangy the serving is huge though which makes it perfect to share and leave room to try other dishes .
my we had valentines dinner special o boy was it special i got sick  the seafood meal i ate when there is no grade sign in the front of the  be careful last time i go there to eat .
i absolutely love this place the food is fantastic the atmosphere is perfect if i had a girlfriend i would take her here .
appetizers are junk seafood isnt fresh but at least the steak dishes are pretty rad and and the live music is fun .
doesnt take reservations first come first serve whatever you do please come hungry believe the reviews its not hype its glory be prepared to eat till youre in  youve been warned .
i have had better pizza was soggy in the center staff great decorations are very nice .
one of my alltime favs a wonderful restaurant chris is the best host ever and i always leave happy cant wait for next sunday brunch .
pizza was burned and stale and tasteless to top it all of the staff was rude def not going back do yourself a favor and get some good pizza next door at grimaldis this place is so not what it makes itself out to be .
this place is great went here for a date night and truly enjoyed the cozy atmosphere quality food and a bottle of wine standouts are the kale salad and the meatballs delicious cant wait to return for brunch .
ordered takeout and still waited when i arrived even though they said it would be ready very annoying .
friendly staff fantastic food great concept love love love .
so weird and out of touch nothing special in this city of special pizza places and the worst service in all of new york .
this place will never let you down in any way ever go there .
the high ratings that wasabi  are  to me as are its absurdly high zagat ratings  sushi and lowquality  chicken teriyaki make this a  in the new haven area .
interesting menu chill environment fresh ingredient and friendly staff we had to wait because the place is very  for two but i was very happy with my meal once we got down to business .
not sure what this place is bar italian pizza formal casual no clue i dont like it i live right near it and ive been twice cant get excited about this one lesson 1 dont turn a formal catering hall into a pizza shop .
such a great out of the way restaurant in the east village it has an inviting and warm vibe that is buzzing with obvious return customers i went there for sunday brunch had the ricotta omelet amazing tip get there early there will be a wait .
food takes forever tastes good but overpriced .
adorable great for brunch and dinner healthy creative food mostly local great specials cute and  a nice crowd popular so expect a short wait .
fyi closed for renovations till  hope the improve the food too last time we just stopped in for 2 naan ive never seen anything like it worst naan ever not homemade mustve been frozen in reheated .
this is reminiscent of a california country style eatery i went for brunch and loved my eggs with their cured beef fantastic coffee thumbs up just get there early for brunch .
due to lack of english speaking people i was given too much food and paid dearly for it food is good but overly priced and without proper people to speak to over the phone i was ripped off .
this place is wonderful gets busy during brunch but worth waiting get the biscuits and jelly theyre proper southernstyle biscuits .
no good curry here place smelled but not like good food food was so greasy .
amazingly delicious very chill atmosphere the gnocchi was the best thing ive ever eaten in my life oh my gd i wanna go back and eat more the  of the place is awesome country cottage meets hip east village restaurant loved it all .
i dont like or will not eat at a place that does not give free refills i ate here once got charged for a refill have not been back .
this place is amazing what an experience great food great staff great wine so cozy and the meatballs are killer .
tried the pad thai here for the first time and was very disappointed the pad thai lacked sauce and flavor wouldnt try this place again .
i followed my fellow yelpers reviews im glad i did a cute but small space with a  but interesting menu i chose the chicken egg sandwich and it was delicious i will be back .
1 star actually tea still watered down and the service is still bad only thing they do right is the curry puffs but i can live with out them .
fresh food prepared simply in a comfortable environment i found the concept more compelling than the overall  food was probably closer to 3 or 3 5 stars but im  up because im a sucker for the  thing .
how do you screw up shrimp phad thai trust me this place does way too sweet other dish crispy fish with basil again way too sweet and fish not crispy after swimming in sugar sauce this is not good thai food .
delicious nonpretencious cute decor very friendly staff some dishes like squid risotto and deserts are outstanding new favourite place .
wow no words the response alone makes me feel better about the choice not to go back .
unreal romantic and delicious little gem in the middle of the village definitely try the kale salad and pork meatballs .
i felt bad after reading the owners comment i thought maybe i wrote a review for the wrong place my review is for the correct place shame on you for  it i went onto your website and i even found the server who helped me .
great little place food is fresh and very affordable .
good food poor service dont order delivery takes forever and the food comes luke warm and soggy .
great food i like the brunch better than dinner but its all good and the vibe inside is very nice too they added new tables in the back that are very romantic but you feel like youre isolated .
ordered signature fried chicken melt went upstairs and realizes they skipped on the coleslaw super dry and greasy meal for 13 will look elsewhere .
kale salad .
 is something earned not just given with that said in 4 trips here this is the second time in a row they dont have chicken or bacon so you mean to tell me half your menu is irrelevant  im done with this hole in a wall .
possibly my new favorite restaurant giraffe friendly enough and real fresh real delicious food go for breakfast and get the hash you will be happy .
it was good until i found a thick short black hair in my food i  to think if it was  or pubic .
have only been to brunch twice ive had the polenta with eggs and the sweet potato and bread salad with poached eggs both are extremely good i would highly suggest getting the  cornbread with sweet onion yogurt spread to die for .
totally disorganized never got to try the food since after 20 minutes of waiting with people behind me served i had to get back to my office i did get to watch the prep which was not impressive .
great brunch place having lived in sf had high hopes for this one and lived up to the expectations food is fresh and well prepared egg dish was tasty and homemade sausage  were favorite part .
fried chicken does not apparently belong on thin pieces of sourdough not a fan .
i went for brunch with some girlfriends and i must say that the brunch menu is phenomenal licked my plate clean which is something i rarely ever do coffee was awesome the only downside was the wait for the table .
worst service ever not only is the shop disorganized but if you order delivery it might not show up i will never order from this restaurant again .
try the quince seltzer .
this place is   i can make a better grilled cheese and the smell inside nauseating .
fantastic comfortable and welcomed addition to the neighborhood  food drink and market double love .
got the three cheese melt but that wasnt even enough cheese for me duh what an overpriced unhealthy and hip sandwich shop i would rather get  grilled cheese next time .
great adventurous food in a mellow country setting smaller space but no overcrowded try the kale salad with squash to share .
this is a review of the black white milkshake it was bad vanilla ice cream with bitter chocolate sauce  in the cup it was not smooth tons of ice  it was too thick the straw did not work how can a milkshake go wrong yuck .
great place to grab a good hotdog they have everything you can possibly want to put on a hot dog i would recommend this place to anyone that likes good hotdogs and a friendly environment .
really sub par the waitress with the bangs was straight up rude and the food was pretentious  and dumb .
check out this magazines rating of my favorite hot dog place big  they beat out the so called name brands in  county the best hot dogs hands down period everything is fresh and you cant beat the price one of new jersey best .
i went to barbuzzo with my family during restaurant week and it was terrible i dont know if it was just the restaurant week menu but the food was disgusting also our server was not friendly at all .
they have the best hot dogs so many specialty dogs to choose from love it and will always come back here .
cant believe i drove from ny to try this place what a waste place was nice but thats about it food was not good wouldnt recommend this place .
this place is phenomenal if you want a hot dog dont go anywhere else but here so many styles stewarts root beer on tap about 100 hot sauces on display ready to sample and put on your dog 5 stars easily .
the food was satisfactory but the noise level and lack of space made this a less than desirable experience also our particular server was rather abrupt and not very helpful .
great spot in a sleepy little town amazing entertainment and the food while not a broad selection is quite delicious would love to see more craft beer here .
food was fine while paying my tab i noticed that they rounded up in their favor my change i was blown away when the server told me we dont do coins wtf .
great place to get drinks awesome old building with outdoor seating super friendly staff and cheap drinks .
would have been 5 but found a pubic hair in my dish which is unacceptable and disgusting otherwise the food was amazing and perfectly portioned .
absolutly awesome the  for me was the best the people are very hospitable it looks like a typical pizza joint however its like a little piece of brazil awesome taste for an awesome price i only wish they were in queens i would be a regular .
the food was ehh it didnt help that our table outside was on an uneven surface and there wasnt enough room on the table for two meals water and an appetizer i probably wouldnt return wasnt anything too special .
you must come here if your in the area im a pizza junkie and this is hands down the best pizza i have ever had not only that the people here are extremely friendly dont forget to get some break knots .
i dont have the energy to give details but i can no longer support this place based on lack of consistency .
got two pies for carry out 1 new york style the other sicilian the sicilian was loaded with veggies and was of the best pizzas ive had in my 22 years in vermont .
the food was bland and boring overpriced and too simple for a restaurant and i got the worst food poisoning .
great food great service clean and friendly a in my book .
visited for dinner last week for the first time spent the rest of the night on the toilet before that happened thought my meal was overpriced tasteless crap i hear from others they are better for brunch but honestly i would never go back ever .
good pizza conveniently located in williston good prices it is definitely new york style pizza id definitely order from  again next time through vermont .
do not go here terrible service bad bad customer relations we came here to eat at  they said the kitchen closed at 3pm are you kidding who own this joint hire people who know how to treat your customers ill go take my money elsewhere thanks .
i love the spicy buffalo pizza but the sausage and just plain cheese pizzas are really good too .
not a fan service was rude  waiter couldnt give a shit 7 2 oz portion of brussel sprouts 7 side of fries really no thanks ill walk down thw street .
best pizza in town i would say for williston and surrounding area from what ive tasted it isnt cheap but id say it is priced appropriately as you get petty awesome taste for it nice thin crunchy crust flavorful toppings and pretty quick service .
idiots refused to serve us at 3 pm because they were  for dinner wait staff ignored us and was rude i  to sample their menu and will probably never return i only gave two stars because the menu was interesting .
great little place can get a fresh and healthy lunch for around 6 dollars i got their veggie greek wrap very delicious will be eating here again before i leave town .
decent brunch no espresso machine .
quick friendly divey delicious cheap i asked for fries on the side of my cheesesteak at which point it was suggested to me that the fries go on the cheesesteak fantastic suggestion amazing sandwich ill be back here every time im in newark which is often .
i have now been there twice it has sub standard pizza at best they over due the topping and have the worst crust in new haven it wasnt even edible i say go there if you like a carbon crust and sweaty people making your pizza .
incredible experience gm mike was great as well as his staff very accommodating and helpful food was excellent every dish was fantastic wine was good i had an awesome birthday dinner there the beet salad was so good .
they have very  groupon policy which i dont understand the restaurant was more than half empty but owner gave us hard time to redeem groupon because we did not make a reservation with groupon wont back again .
however be prepared for a 2 5 to 3 hour dinner and very small portions the food is actually 5 star quality and great for date night and girls night out but not for real men looking to eat i ate after dinner just to be satisfied .
i placed an order for delivery and it took 2 hours for me to receive my food the sushi had a bad smell and i didnt eat it for fear that i would get sick i will not order from them in the future .
yes to wile boar pasta wasnt a fan of a pasta  with braised goat the rabbit dish is out of this world the   are are yummy .
service was really good fast and attentive sushi was just ok though the  roll was really unique vegetable gyoza were kinda mushy and undercooked .
it doesnt get any better than this pricey but you know that going in the food and the service  our party of 4 gave 5 stars to everything we ordered .
neither food nor service nor beer selection is worth four stars this is a fine dive but do not call this a four star irish pub .
no complaints food ambiance wine staff and attention to detail were superb 10 nutella stuffed donuts instead of 5 would be the only thing my boyfriend and i would change sommelier  extremely helpful and  waitstaff matt and sarah personable knowledgeable and flawless  .
sort of over this place 2 50 for a mozzarella stick and watered down beer it can be cozy in the winter but thats about the only  the waitress was rude and bartenders are not engaging or overly friendly .
excellent food excellent service great atmosphere upstairs not for the diner folk this is a true eating experience spend the its worth it and try a bunch of different stuff for special occasions .
terrible are people serious best burger ever haha this is an extremely mediocre bar burger and the fries are the same i guess no one has been to any bar in america dry bland burger and fries .
great food in a lively setting handmade pastas are as good as any in the city rabbit was tender and tasty excellent wine list .
woman who waited on us was very rude i never felt welcomed would not go back .
i was here for a pork tasting and everything was great we did a wine pairing which was perfect i will be back for sure to try the regular menu strongly recommend .
burgers are humongous dry and tasteless i had way better burgers try the new york burgers co .
outstanding simply outstanding four of us went on sunday night wont waste my time but best italian food i ever had .
i came to try the burger and found it was  overrated its like they chopped up half a cow and put it between a bun waaay to thick for my liking i didnt even make it through half .
absolutely exceptional italian food highly recommend it tasted a range of pastas and appetizers all were fantastic .
this review is just based on 2 dishes i ordered for take out corned beef and cabbage dry and cabbage not flavorful couldve made it better w grocery store bought corned beef in my kitchen chicken pot pie not good .
their beet salad is fantastic perhaps the best ive had also the  are to die for very elegant restaurant for a nice night out .
the food was fine not awful i didnt really like the decorations drinks werent very good .
great for pasta lovers  place and good service like it small pasta primi plates but you can go with 23 of those just perfect flavours mix .
terrible customer service we were greeted and told to grab any table without giving us any menus 15 minutes later we hadnt even seen a waiter or a bartender to help us obviously we left and would never even consider coming back here what a waste of time .
their portion size is perfect for pasta the  is amazing for dessert the chocolate  is so ridiculously good try this place .
food took over an hour to come out and it was both cold and bad very disappointing .
the lobster pasta was absolutely fantastic my fiance and i had a wonderful experience great atmosphere the ricotta app was to die for .
food is okay but not worth the wait and the money it takes more than 30min for the kitchen to bring the food to the table and all the items on the menu are overpriced .
pappardelle with boar is sweet as was the baked ricotta .
the bone marrow and short rib burger was very disappointing the bun was very dry and stale they claim ot have a top burger and it fell far from  .
great meal excellent food really nothing we ordered was less than amazing wonderful wine list with a sommelier that really knew his wines definitely recommend to others while the meal wont come cheap its totally worth it .
cash only unless u r a 100 yr old steakhouse in brooklyn not acceptable in 2014 great way to lose business .
pasta is awesome here as are the interesting cocktails ive had above average meals here on each occasion and ill definitely make it back sometime soon everything is good that ive had thus far .
very mediocre chinese food definitely not hawaiian in anyway except for how they title the menu friday night had some interesting karaoke  overall fun when you go with a great group .
wonderful experience from the moment we walked in and were greeted warmly waitstaff were friendly and professional drinks were interesting but a bit pricey food was perfectly prepared good place for special occasion not loud you can sit and talk and enjoy your dining experience .
went in for  lunch with my boyfriend sunday afternoon only ones in the place everything was great we were talking and eating and then  felt rushed we will go back great place .
i like this a lot great food good help with the entirely italian but quite the selection wine a little pricier than some alternative eats in the neighborhood note to self think 250 for two  but rather worth it nice enough to be special .
this is not hawaiian food this is strip mall chinese food with tacky but fun hawaiian décor the food is worse than your local chinese take out there are  choices but nothing authentic spend your money on the drinks .
excellent .
horrible food and even worse customer service .
great salads amazing pastas tremendous entrees 3 for 3 plus a  to kevin the bartender .
wasnt bad but wasnt great i know good spanish food and this def didnt impress me the owners other restaurant  is delicious diff cuisine  orleans style but way better .
choosing italian in rittenhouse square this is the place hands down this is a stephen starr offering that excites and  an exceptional addition to the restaurant scene in the neighborhood .
excellent sandwiches cool people it is not cool to charge 1 for air and leave a  without air because youre almost out of quarters if you didnt have them that would make sense .
service atmosphere excellent food delicious but found the portions very small for the price .
prices are totally insane save your money unless you care to pay 3 75 for a lousy hot dog .
this place is on the verge great food eclectic choices fantastic bar with natalie at your service .
terrible service called up to place an order and did not receive part of my meal was over charged and was given an attitude also was not given a refund for the food i did not order will never go back .
randomly stopped by here for a drink and dinner with a colleague was randomly and pleasantly surprised cool atmosphere and really good food amazing fries and my chicken sandwich was really impressive would def go back love music with a piano which was a nice touch .
place is garbage sauce is sweet and tastes burnt and you can actually taste the cologne in the pizza that the pizza cook was wearing dont waste your money on this joint .
best burger weve ever had pickle plate was okay fries amaze and eggplant salad ridiculous cant wait to go back .
not on par with most of nj pizza fancy place but the pizza is bland and im pretty sure the staff is the cast of the jersey shore town politics are the only thing keeping this place in business also ridiculous pricing for a pizzeria .
best grilled cheese ever but be sure to add the bacon oh and this place is not loud .
just picked up a dozen bagels not my first visit but will probably be my last its only 1130am and the bagels are stale not the chewy goodness they should be time to find a new bagel shop .
great food great service and a nice dining experience our server was michael j and he was wonderful .
food was terrible rolled up lunch meat is not my idea of an antipasto id pay for at least make it look nice ugh dry bread too it was just really awful all around .
incredible the piano bar is amazing she has the most incredible voice and knows all the classics food is great i had the best grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup that i have ever put in my mouth cant wait to see what happens here tomorrow .
my reason for a one star rating is that there is only one vegan item and only four our of 14 vegetarian items on this menu i would definitely be more inclined to go if there were more of these offerings be creative thank you .
great sliders great salmon great burgers great food drinks are fantastic and ambiance is great .
was excited to try place was packed only one server didnt get waited in for 20 mins so i left will try again another time when more servers on because food looked great .
clearly a nice discovery the duck confit is fantastic the pork belly slider was so good it should become an entrée the black bean burger is very good even cocktails and desserts are excellent definitively a must try .
not terrible but very overrated we only had chicken things which might explain the mediocrity the mole tastes like soy sauce there are several tvs playing daytime mexican  solid horchata and salsa .
excellent drinks well priced drinks and dinner burgers should not have thick brioche buns but good tasty bar food with a touch of class will go back if im in the area .
i thought it was pretty sweet until i discovered a few random little chicken pieces in my vegetarian dish huge no no .
great place for a casual dinner in philadelphia very nicely and tastefully decorated we had their duck and the cheeseburger both were excellent their house cabernet was great especially for the price also a great list of beers we will definitely go back .
the food was okay nothing special but the waitress was really rude im not going back .
late dinner here this evening with friends wonderful tasty food and uber friendly wait staff looking forward to my next visit to taste the menu more pickled veggie plate and my burger were top notch .
not impressed as a vegan the only thing i felt safe ordering was a steamed vegetable dish which was just that steamed veggies i could have made it home it was overpriced nobody else in the party was that impressed either .
chef  doing an awesome job  this fun tasteful and tasty menu fun place fun food happy chef gayborhood is alive an well .
their pizza is good everything else is meh ordered a filet mignon one day and they served me a sloppy skirt steak instead will not be returning .
the prices are a bit higher than an average dinner we visited but you get plenty of food and service is fast and friendly .
i actually really enjoyed the food at this restaurant however the staff were horribly rude i would not go back there again .
not sure why this place has such poor reviews ive eaten here twice both for breakfast and ive been happy with my meal both times eggs benedict and french fries were yummy pancakes fluffy and moist bacon crisp typical diner food what do yall expect .
food is run of the mill and mediocre at best general tsos chicken that was advertised as the best in the menu was overpowered with vinegar what really stands out is how impolite they are with customers never returning or recommending .
this is a very typical jersey diner the food and service are decent no complaints you get very large portions are very affordable prices the only problem is getting on and off route 1 into the parking lot especially if youre on the wrong side of route 1 .
the only thing this place has is a beer w your burger better burgers w five guys bobby flays etc i will say summer is cute and fun .
came with friends at the start of our nyc trip good selection generous portions and very good food friendly staff an enormous dessert counter which we did sample from our son had a chocolate mouse and thoroughly enjoyed it will definitely stop here again when in the area .
wannabe shake shack style burger with five guys fries not very good food combined with slow and unfriendly service go to shake shack rather than waste your time on this lackluster knock off .
two words perfect scrapple i normally have more to say but that really says it all .
awful awful a complete waste of money .
everything on the menu is delicious the staff are nice and accommodating space is small .
sorry guys but this place was not what i expected the cost was very high and the seasonings were very bland i found the sauce to be acidic and had heartburn from it i wont be ordering another time .
i gotta say the scramble eggs i had was pretty decent so did the blueberry pancakes shame i got there late otherwise i bet it would be awesome when its hot i love the potatoes particularly they are amazing its quite pricy but totally worth it .
pennington location mediocre pizza corking fee for wine we brought and entirely too bright dining room besides the excellent service we came away unimpressed .
i just cant do french toast really well it is sweet here like any other place the egg benedict was good the staff is friendly but this place is cash only .
waste of time and expensive terrible seating and service .
it was just so delicious locals may say its not worth the wait but if you are coming to visit nyc this is a must stop .
they always take my order wrong and they add extra stuff in my order out of my order and charge me extra .
amazing brunch and big portion too waited for  minutes but so worth it and there is a  cafe right in front so waiting was no problem at all .
overrated food is okay but over priced should be rated wait staff is indifferent to the presence of customers they could really use some warmth training been here about 4 times because i wanted to like this place .
i was skeptical about their pancakes but after tasting them they were so good the butter maple was an awesome  to the pancakes .
typical ct burger place they just cant get a burger done medium and so packed on fridays and sat its like people never seen food before long lines fool you small burger thick bun stuffed belly .
cash only great spot for breakfast arrived right at 8am and got right in got the blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon yummy coffee is good too .
terrible experience regular cheese burger was overcooked and not edible fries were stale wasnt just my burger but my husbands as well the cheese was melted hard to the top of the bun and not melted over the burger very disappointing .
good lord my salmon eggs benedict way exceeded my expectations seriously the best ive ever had they use a biscuit instead of an english muffin and it is amaze i will be dreaming about this breakfast when i return back to la .
decent burger decent bourbon and beer selection but the lack of in house made sides onion rings fries etc really drag down the whole place from being great to be competitive going forward they should  and make things in house people will notice .
the place is really small and tight but the milk shakes were awesome the pancakes were great felt the need to rush tho because of the people who are watching  thru the window other than that i loved it .
while the food always tastes great here and im pleased with the service the lack of lobster on my new  burger was annoying .
amazing just wait .
epic fail terrible food decent service if youre interested on how plan b should have pulled this off drive yourself over to prime 16 in new haven you can thank me later the locals love this place its quite entertaining .
breakfast for dinner blueberry pancakes were the best ive ever had i also tried the omelette and crab cakes crab cakes were ok not my cup of tea omelette was so soft and creamy i loved it the place is fantastic id totally come back .
not worth the wait for a table then once seated slow service for a hamburger and fries .
omg i had huevos rancheros it had chorizo jalepeno sour cream salsa and a great tortilla amazing i ate it so fast out of love it tasted delish one of the things i really recommend this place and his meal i think i died but in happiness .
im done with plan b twice weve had issues 1 the most disgusting  up spoons youve ever seen were served with our chili 2 my friend had plastic in her burger both situations were handled very poorly .
the food was delicious i have nothing bad to say about this place besides the wait is so long but worth it wait .
overwhelmingly mediocre the burgers were bland and unimpressive the restaurant itself looks great and the  selection is nice but if the food isnt good who cares dont waste your time on this place five guys is just down the street .
the pancakes are pretty good but dont all come running at once and making the wait outside the restaurant for breakfast 3 hours long on a weekday morning .
come only for drinks food has gone down hill manager  served us cold fries a dirty wine glass with ranch dressing on the glass will never come to this establishment again .
so darn  ­ .
my experience here was blah the service really sucked the menu didnt list anything that really jumped out at me so to speak the 4 of us felt the same way nothing spectacular and i had high expectations after hearing so many great things .
best pancakes ive ever had in my life i went with blueberry service was good and we didnt feel rushed go on a weekday cash only .
i have tasted better food this place is overpriced small and my coworkers and i do not recommend theres so much better eatery in newark .
my favorite meal of the day is always breakfast and they always satisfy my needs  one of these days i will  pancake month .
maybe i should try their other food items but i find the tacos to be extremely overrated i have been here a few times and ive been disappointed every single time .
we waited one hour and the staff were really professional and helpful got yogurt with granola and fruit and shared a stack of blueberry pancakes with my friend i was full for the rest of the day worth the wait .
just having moved from hoboken nj were looking for a new local pizza joint this is not it you know pizza is bad when you dont finish it and end up throwing it away still looking .
perfect .
moes meh .
great sandwiches and paninis at clinton the service is fast and friendly i keep going back for the very tasty coffee better than most anywhere around this hood .
every time i eat at this place i run to the bathroom i will not return to this place now that chipotle is open .
awesome pancakes i loved the fruit  they served with the muffins the bellini was ok not the best ive had overall great place for breakfast .
4 days of running to the bathroom in panic enough said avoid this place .
sometimes when im sad i think about their banana pancakes to cheer me up works every time .
their queso is disgusting i took it home and it was pure white no peppers onion or flavor so bland tasted like it was made with  plastic wrapped cheese .
i reached there at 200 pm waiting for 15minutes because i just need one seat very very good food .
very average there are much better places to go if you want anything they offer if you take a glance at the nutrition information youll realize that nearly every meal they offer has about 1500 calories .
my friend recommended this place fried chicken and waffles were delicious and it was a big portion the staff was friendly and helpful will definitely be returning .
j .
crazy wait over an hour even on a weekday its expensive for brunch but delicious i had the banana pancake enough of 1 order to share its a must try try the mojitos but do not try their baking goods from the counter they are expensive and dry .
place sucks servers are slow basic burgers with a do it yourself check off menu not a good experience .
delicious brunch place in nyc had egg benedict and banana  pancake both were awesome would def go again .
i got clear raw chicken here they didnt ask to replace it just took it off the check very expensive for no reason could be good but they dont have it together .
split the pancakes with a companion and try something else the pancakes are perfect but just too damn heavy in the end .
very high price for just one burger  fried not happy bad quality bad customer service no price on menu this one rip of no good .
pancakes were incredible and the food is so good it ends up being a conversation piece quick service just delicious rosemary sausages were o  but i dont care 5 stars on that maple butter alone .
soooo slow 1 hour for a chicken sandwich  great  and food is not so bad lunch for two two sandwiches two fries and a two waters cost 40 eh smash burger is 1 minute up the road might skip the counter next time .
awesome pancakes and absolutely loved their short ribs so tender and juicy and it was yummy great ambiance and vibe to this place ps we came here for dinner so no wait lol .
the creativity to create just about any burger you desire is awesome but overall the burger could of been a bit more seasoned definitely wasnt the best ive had .
the pancake is lovely they serve the  menu even in dinner time blueberry  is great  milk shake as well .
the counter burger is good but not worth 12 dollars lil pricey esp when u get the same or better burger elsewhere in clifton area the wait time was like 30 mins the interior is nice though .
the food here is exceptional i went for the buttermilk biscuit breakfast sandwich while my wife went for the blueberry pancakes both were excellent and i would recommend to all expect a wait and make sure you have cash as they dont accept cards .
go to  bar stools short and took 15 minutes to get a drink they are new but come on my food was there 2 seconds after my drink .
i went here for dinner the other night and got chicken and waffles it was incredible this place serves everything fresh roasted kale on the side was amazing too we loved what we had great for dinner too .
awful terrible service the host lied to us while he was seating other people pretentious never going again .
always busy but worth it for the pancakes small space that works well for groups of 24 blueberry pancakes are the best ive ever had and the service is always  havent tried anything but the pancakes but it is known for that so stick with that option .
you probably lose so much more money being cash only therefore turning off potential customers than you would lose on just  it up and getting a credit card machine .
the hour wait is so worth it this is my second time here and between the banana walnut pancakes and the southern breakfast i fell in love even the orange juice which is made inhouse is amazing .
sandwich was just okay jimmy johns is a lot better and friendly try hiring some help you   orders take forever and his attitude sucks with so many options for italian deli and sandwiches i wont be back .
try their eggs benedict you will not be sorry .
went in on a saturday and ordered a cheesesteak no other customers in the place it took almost 25 minutes for him to make something other places can bring out in 5 minutes and it turned out to be among the very worst cheesesteaks i have ever had .
the pancakes shakes and bacons are heavenly love the place so much i bought the cookbook cash only is a bit of a pain and theres always a line but worth it .
ill be brief  .
i wanted to be mad 40 minutes waiting in the cold 25 minutes after we were seated before our order was taken but wow the food was  itself .
had a pepperoni pizza and order of garlic knots didnt like the pizza sauce pizza was forgettable and the worst were the garlic knots we deff got an old batch or something dry and hard plenty of pizzerias in the area prefer juniors so far in the area .
you have to wait at lease 1030 mins to get in one of the best menu of st clinton baking is pancake with choice of topping serve with maple butter syrup this is must .
not really impressed food was ok prices were slightly high and not the prettiest place in the world .
best food in les though the wait is horrible removed one star for long wait .
terrible bar the bartender lee is a jack along with the other one i patiently waited for a very long time food is way below par do not waste your money avoid this place at all costs go up the street to  pub .
although the wait is long it is worth it we had brunch here omelette and blueberry pie the serving was big and everything on the plate was just delicious i would definitely add it to my list of togo places for brunch .
one of their bartenders stole my cell phone while i was there only found out a week later through a friend of a friend who worked there pretty bad service if you ask me .
the southern breakfast with eggs cheese grits fried green tomatoes and sugar cured bacon was spectacular we waited an hour and were glad we did .
my order is always simple yet they are able to mess it up time after time pizza always looks so old and dry i wouldnt eat here again .
myself and my boyfriend went to clinton st bakery company for our valentines day brunch we had an amazing brunch i would highly recommend you trying clinton st bakery company if you havent it is that good .
pizza is soso but like everyone else says the service is horrible so slow and im only ordering one pie takes 15 min to make but takes 20 min to take an order smh .
absolutely loved the pancakes banana friend chicken was so delicious had kale corn bread so good i will go back for more and to try other things on the menu .
it took them 45 minutes to make a grilled cheese and the cheese was not even melted you couldnt pay me to go back to this place its horrible .
worth the wait expect 23 hours when its busy most of the time pancakes are amazing get them super fluffy .
order a italian sub there was 4 slices of ham 3 slices of salami and 4 slices of cheese i paid 10 70 for that and a arizona iced tea what a huge ripoff ill never go back .
no bad but definitely not worth the crazy lines the food was all quite good but too sweet for my taste .
bagels are okay pizza is okay nothing special employees are very rude especially for a new business with such competition i was very disappointed .
 the  app to save yourself the excruciating long wait .
mediocre bagels cold coffee at  tried every carafe and they were all stone cold completely unacceptable wont be going back we pass by here all the time and its always empty theyll never last .
great place the french toast and the pancakes are to die for definitely worth the visit for anyone visiting manhattan .
food came out cool appetizer soup and entree had to send it back each time they were out of entrees at 7pm on a friday very very disappointed this is basic stuff how can they not get this right .
best brunch ive ever had best pancakes omg long long long wait bu mouthwatering food .
slow slow slow service our waitress was waiting on our table and a large party seems par for the course at this place food is average portion sizes very good prices are fair prices are fair parking is terrible .
amazing food i ordered huevos  normally you get  in nyc ordering something like that but it was delicious then the blueberry pancakes was a great  for the experience this place is a 5 star .
painfully slow and just horrendous service food is good prices are fair owner is very nice but what a bad experience stop in for a drink at the bar but dont try it for dinner .
waited for 130 hours but it was definitely worth it you can wait in one of the cafes around there the pancakes were amazing possibly the best ones i had in my life i surely want to go there again .
definitely below the quality of other bonefish i have eaten in service was mediocre they didnt even clear the appetizer and salad plates before bringing the salad plates no one checked if we were happy with our meals the entrees were mediocre at best  very poor management .
expect a wait .
disappointing greasy fish spicy food poorly prepared margarita slow service wont return .
chicken and waffles fk yeah given its a pretty   of the dish it was still delicious any complaints i have with it are just   picking items we got seated right away which is apparently impossible at this place and service was great .
most of the food isnt cooked fresh over seasoned or just plain nasty the iced  is disgusting and the management sucks its ran by a bunch of drunk    and the waitresses are all  its on main st in east orange for a reason .
so delicious thankfully only waited 10 minutes and got seats by the window i can imagine not liking it as much if we were jammed in somewhere seating is very tight .
unfriendly service mediocre food the manager tried to overcharge my party of 8 stay away .
we had the country breakfast and the waffles both of which were excellent the wait can be long so come early we arrived at 10am and waited about  they dont accept credit cards .
salad was good but the portion was pathetic sandwich was good but i couldnt take more than 3 bites of that veggie chili .
the food was great especially their signature fries and the mussels the ambience was also lovely .
what can i say i had high expectations from this place but unfortunately the taste was very disappointing the margherita pizza we ordered was not all upto the mark especially in area where there are excellent italian restaurants better off eating at the lyndhurst diner .
outstanding the place is small so be prepared to wait about 30 min but it is well worth it i had the southern breakfast and it was incredible the whole family loved it next time in nyc this is a must stop .
went to bills to visit after several years hiatus the management has changed and the vibe was horrible i now understand why there were very few people in the place would not recommend this place at all i would suggest you would be more comfortable  else .
wonderful food service with cozy ambiance great to go for professional and casual meet and greets with friends also super cute for a romantic brunch date .
its like being served bad tv dinners from a server that just got fired from walmart dont try to  something on their menu or the waitress will read you the  act horrible .
the blueberry pancakes were delicious worth the hype .
food and service here are really bad please do not go to this restaurant they are just making some shit .
dont be afraid of the lines your stomach will thank you after its finished making a ton of noise because you havent fed it for hours no reservations no fuss just straight pancakes and deliciousness if you want a tip go during dinner hours its a little quieter .
they do not accept the 10 off deal as advertised food is decent though .
banana walnut pancakes are to die for chicken apple sausage whoop whoop slap a mimosa on my table please thank you just wish the service was a bit faster and bacon a bit crispier .
wish i could give them zero star i live nearby and treated horribly every time an old waitress gives me attitude every time im there they ignored my orders once too .
excellent food outstanding service definately worth the wait .
omg this place is getting worse and worse first of all they rise the price and portion even got less second whatever noodles i order they do not have and the sign says noodles village third i will seriously think twice to go back .
blueberry pancakes were absolutely amazing fluffy and just melted in my mouth there were blueberries on top and inside the pancakes the wait was only 20 minutes on a wednesday .
very little portion .
unbelievable french toast and the blueberry pancake was phenomenal the only thing that sucked about this place was the 2 5 hrs wait especially when you are starving thank god for a kind bar to hold me off will go again real soon .
the beef chow fun was dry overcooked and strangely had eggs the clams with garlic was unbelievably salty the veggie dish was a tiny portion all in all not particularly good .
long wait but we loved our pancakes so light and fluffy you cant go wrong with any flavor .
taste was actually pretty good however our family ended up to be extremely thirsty after no msg what a lie i probably wont go back cuz i really can not stand on the unusual  .
we had the blueberry pancakes and the breakfast sandwich  the pancakes it was slightly crispy and oh so good maple butter the sandwich was good hash browns were okay cash only we arrived at 9am and waited 15 mins .
not so sure what the hype is all about the food is ehh i really didnt like anything other than the chicken we ordered the boneless spare ribs and terrible the delivery time is about an hour so if you are in a rush dont call over there .
the food is good the environment is friendly and everything is super yummy went for the pancake special and was very happy .
came in asked for a chinese menu ordered 3 pepper chicken what they brought was a little spicy  sweet sautéed chicken all i could taste was sugar this is 2013 and people even  want to eat what they ordered authentic food .
favorite brunch place of all times i take my friend here and no one ever disappoints except the fact that you have to wait so long fluffy pancake is just the best you will get addicted to it .
terrible place to eat the food was the worst chinese food i ever had i ordered the general tso chicken and hot and sour soup i would not eat there ever again and wouldnt reccomend this place to anyone .
oh yeah banana nut french toast still as good see picture yum .
if you like cockroaches crawling on you while you eat then this is the place is for you .
best breakfast i have ever had the wait is worth it ranks best in service creativity and environment .
my .
ill take clinton st  blueberry pancakes over an amazing orgasm any day thats how incredibly good those  are .
absolutely not worth the money the food barely has flavor and the owner looks miserable you are better off paying the price for excellent pizza places such as zavino or  .
awesome food excellent service tiny and intimate place on les definitely will go back chicken and waffle is amazing .
i dunno the pizza is good but nothing special its  the most expensive pizza place in philly i highly recommend gusto a few blocks away much less and just as tasty no even better .
very good reliable establishment and deserves 4 stars based on its food however with the wait and how touristy this place is now this place isnt worth it for me anymore .
the pizza is okay but the staff has zero class i wont return i feel much better about taking my business and wine to gusto pizzaria just around the corner where for years the staff has been pleasant and the pizza is so much better .
amazing food as always just the wait and early closing hours can get a bit annoying at times .
this place is quite close to me so i really want to love it but the truth is its just ok not terrible but certainly not great ill go back because its close but i wouldnt make the trek here if its not convenient .
light fluffy not dense delicious blueberry pancakes came in here at 8pm on a thursday for them no line just a couple tables it was delicious and great lots of people had shakes and hamburgers gotta come back for that .
the food neither tasty nor fresh i felt sick after eating the sushi rolls never come back again .
cant believe this place only has 7 reviews this is the best brunch spot in nyc came here new years eve and already been back twice the blueberry pancakes are to die for i wish they took reservations but it really is worth the wait highly recommend .
i really dont understand how this place gets 4 5 stars the food is barely mediocre and the service is nonexistent do yourself a favor and pick a different place .
wonderful place to have brunch but seats are very limited go early french toast is the best .
only enjoyed the chips and guacamole .
fantastic food and service got lucky with the no wait however the experience is worth it .
eh for whatever reason i like the  location much  the food and its quality varies greatly from t different cooks i  i really like consistency .
excellent food try the pancakes theyre really worthwhile wait is a little long for brunch so make sure you go in early and find something to do in the meantime .
below par poor excuse for italian food tried take out very rude cant justify in my mind to try it again save your money .
i came at the right time because as soon as i did it got packed i ordered the biscuit sandwich it was delicious such a simple meal amazing flavors great staff cook spot enjoy .
kind of a disappointment food wasnt that great and the portions were small i had just come back from spain so perhaps i had too high expectations place is tiny though too and felt cramped .
i dont know why people love this place between the hype of the characteristic long wait the food was good but not great here is the most important part if you cross houston street you will find cornerstone cafe which certainly has better pancakes french toast and prices .
jamonera has average food coupled with great drinks id gladly come back for happy hour but probably would not come back for a  meal the tapas were good but not creative nor memorable .
everything i tried here was amazing i could not believe how delicious the blueberry pancakes were crazy good you have to try this place out its small so you may have to wait but its totally worth it .
bad very very bad there was nothing on the menu that did amaze us portions really small expect  and not tapas just another bad version of spanish cuisine using the tapas excuse to rip you off .
two words pure bliss the blueberry pancakes with maple butter were simply orgasmic worth the wait hands down .
not too impressed dissapointed with the bar service and the sangrias which were watered down if i am paying 9 for a drink it better be a good one .
i never sit down just get take out coffee and pastries theyre friendly and quick everythings moist buttery and delicious .
have to  to two stars went recently and my friend ordered a  steak and scallops steak came out well done he couldnt even choke down the scallops it was sad haha my meal was good but overpriced .
amazing food great blueberry pancakes and the buttermilk syrup is a special treat just the line is ridiculous and the staff seems burnt out by it i recommend getting carryout .
happy new year joe lets start the new year off by you returning the 1500 worth of products that you took from my business do the right thing joe pace .
five stars for the food four stars because the music is blaring salsa music kinda ruined the ambiance and just doesnt go .
i have celiac this restaurant is not gluten free i ate there and was so sick the next day i also ordered a glass of wine they have the nerve to charge 18 50 a glass i would not recommend this restaurant for anyone that has celiac .
the waitress was super friendly and i loved the atmosphere its a small cute brunch place although the banana walnut pancake was fantastic i actually liked their egg benedict better loved the biscuit .
overpriced and mediocre i ordered a 16 fontina and zucchini risotto dish and it was mediocre tasting and small in portion size it was also so  hot i couldnt touch it for what seemed like 10 minutes im definitely not going back to this place .
i wish i could give this place more stars i had the french toast and it was by far the best french toast ive ever had the maple butter is absolutely fantastic wait is a bit long even on a weekday but its worth the wait .
filthy and overpriced i got food poisoned from this place i notice that the silverware was not washed well and didnt give it big  until i woke up in the morning running to the toilet .
amazing food i loved the blueberry pancakes and spanish scramble the sugar cured bacon is amazing dont pass it up .
upon entering this establishment a wonderful and very appetizing smell hit me i had high hopes however those hopes werent met i thought the flavour of the risotto was bland my friend and i got 2 different risottos but they tasted pretty much the same service was pleasant .
the pancakes were so  worth the wait nuff said .
theres always a line one night there wasnt i  i wish i hadnt the entire experience pass undercooked not at all inspired risotto that appeared 10 min after ordering suspect generic meatballs generic salad sorry im not sorry .
eggs are eggs the bread on the side was really good i didnt eat the pancakes but the blueberry ones made me drool when i saw them adorable little place the coffee is weak .
i didnt even get the chance to eat here the staff was so rude that we didnt bother sitting down .
still amazing food coma inducing kind of stuff .
meh the food was so incredibly bland i came home and made myself better risotto that weekend .
we waited about an 1hr and 12 for this place i got the blueberry pancakes which were good and other friends go the french toast and banana walnut pancakes everything was very good but not worth the wait ive had better .
nothing special i was expecting more 12 for a basic risotto that was overcooked and 12 for a third rate glass of red wine i guess is too much .
worth the wait be patient and youll be rewarded although the menu doesnt seem as if there is anything special brunch and pancakes is the way to go i had the chocolate chunk yum and get the bacon wonderful .
terrible overhyped and overpriced for what you actually get if youre going to go anyway just please dont order the beet salad when they say a pinch of truffle oil they really mean a  and it doesnt even mask the blandness def not going here again .
yeah the blueberry pancakes with maple butter i died eggs benedict too i double died heaven sugar cured bacon meh too sweet otherwise this place is amazeballs .
its glorified not particularly tasty mac cheese at about 16 a pop served in a crowded  restaurant that made 3 people wait 20 minutes for a table on a monday night not impressed .
yep best pancakes around and im a pancake  who tries a new pancake recipe out every week at home .
mushy risotto consistency of oatmeal crowded and rushed .
amazingly delicious pancakes biscuits and jam give them a try you wont be sorry .
they do not accept multiple credit cards per table and they are pretty rude when they force this policy on your party need i say more .
worth the 2 5 hour wait try the blueberry pancakes w maple butter and sugar cured bacon .
they dont allow splitting cards unacceptable fix it or i wont return .
i came here for dinner on a friday night no wait and the food was amazing i had the potato pancakes with  and sour cream for my entree i had the grilled pizza everything was delicious definitely coming back here to try there brunch .
overpriced risotto all pretentious about glutenfree hype and our waiter had a huge attitude when he said thanks for reminding me when he himself forgot to add in the tip huge fail .
be prepared to wait but you can give your phone number and they text you when your table is ready but only 5 minutes until they give your table away cash only best pancakes im not even a pancake kind of person the maple butter is amazing .
nothing special at all my risotto had a grainy texture and it was overly chewy ive been wanting to come here for years now i wont return .
dont know what took me so long to try this place now im hooked the pancakes are amazing sugar cured bacon is unbelievably good if you dont mind the wait its worth it this is one of the best breakfastbrunch spots in the city .
i havent been here in years i should have stayed away i guess college nostalgia can only carry the taste buds so far  is to risotto as  steaks is to steaks actually thats a bit  still way over priced for mediocre dishes .
pancakes omg i dont normally like pancakes but the pancakes here are so yum sometimes there is a long wait though so go there early if you can .
over rated over oily over crowded over priced over it .
a friend strongly suggested the blueberry pancakes and after trying them i think im spoiled for life im gonna have to stop by here every time im in town .
wanted to order there for the first time for delivery the said they cant deliver because the driver is not in today i really dislike when places offer a service they cant provide .
perfectly made pancakes wish it wasnt cash only .
never again they came about 90 minutes late with my food and the delivery person didnt have the  to hand me my food left it at my door no knock first  speak a thousand words food was average .
i give this place 4 stars cause i really do dislike places that only take cash but the pancakes are really great the blueberry pancakes are damn good fluffy and full of flavor fast service and nice relax spot will def come back .
pros beautiful decor tasty food each worth a star cons  bad service from hosts and waiters children size portions tiny 15 dollar cocktails full story to come later .
best pancakes on this side of the atlantic .
their food is good but their takeout takes forever they will make you wait an entire hour and a half for delivery on a monday never again .
pancakes are to die for the wait sucks and often theyre booked up for the entire day but if you can make it early to beat the lines its well worth it .
the sushi was just ok the miso soup was fine they forgot one roll the rice was a bit too soggy overall i think it was too expensive for the quality i dont think ill be ordering again .
delicious .
give them time and it could be good it has potential but id wait awhile before going there .
best blueberry pancakes ever and the sugar cured bacon was a bonus very happy .
people that work there do not care service very bad food was not cooked right do not go .
holy   talk about some fluffy pancakes man theyre like  cakes with blueberry gems and that hot maple butter is ridiculously slammin .
the food was average and the hostesses and managerowner were very condescending i felt uncomfortable the entire time i wouldnt return or recommend with so many other options in the area .
pancakes are soft and delicious mimosas and bellini are awesome nice cozy not loud will be returning .
i am surprised this place has 4 stars the food is not that great come on guys i came here on sunday for brunch to find hairs and an unclean table a nonchalant waiter and very very dry muffins lets just say i am never coming here again .
i agree that their blueberry pancakes is the best especially with their maple butter it just melted in my mouth i also recommend their egg benedict i will definitely go back next time .
if you like egg shells in your scrambled eggs this place is for you fruit is nice thats about it .
blueberry pancake is the best not so into it for the banana walnut pancake rosemary sausage is too dry but egg benedict is very very good .
oy vey this place is so messy we saw food debris everywhere every  just seems so random and disorganized and the carpet smells like a dirty kitchen  our food was mediocre one of those dry omelets youd get at a diner .
blueberry pancakes ohhh  gg deliscious .
i love the convenience of day by day good size portions reasonable prices fast service i think the food is very good but not great their huevos rancheros was dry and less tasty vs most other huevos rancheros also it needs to be spicier atmosphere is bland .
best breakfast in nyc .
this review is long overdue but there was a long long hair cooked into my omlette yuck yuck and more yuck .
worth the 2 hour wait for the best pancakes ever an even better tip is to go during the week and have a breakfast for dinner .
the food was okay nothing worth a 12 hour wait for and certainly nothing i couldnt make better at home this is a good brunch place i will pray for philadelphia .
this is my favorite brunch spot hands down must get blueberry pancakes sugar cured bacon fried green tomatoes steak and eggs special smoked salmon eggs benedict it is absolutely amazing and completely worth the wait .
wow was it disgusting or maybe i was just lucky to get the chef who thought  sauce is  with chunks of powder in it mmmmm .
amazing breakfast i had no idea breakfast could taste so good best blueberry pancakes ive ever had great sweet and salty combo if you share the pancakes and the spanish scramble cute casual breakfast spot .
brutally awful on all accounts fish is extra not fresh and mealy as well the rice is generally served cold as ice which is pretty offensive never go here also never order from here also dont eat anything from here unacceptable .
blueberry pancakes enough said  bacon coffee and eggs benedict all 1010 or in yelps case 5 stars .
what a disappointment after reading favorable reviews for starters though delivery was quick charge for crab fried rice in coconut was 18 though listed as 14 on the line  the dish was tasteless at best never again .
the pancakes were especially fluffy and there is something special in that maple syrup it was almost caramelized and had this delicious super sugary taste the blueberry topped pancakes are the most popular you cant go wrong there .
they took away our dishes before we finish our food its the worst service ive experienced in nyc they dont take credit card and asked us out because there are customers  the attitudes are amazingly bad .
blueberry pancakes here are heaven fluffy and filling .
the selling point of this place was the  thai iced tea other than that food was just okay .
great food the cheese grits and blueberry pancakes are amazing get here early because there is usually a wait .
i ordered pad thai and panang curry for takeout i was very disappointed the pad thai was very dry and it had a burned stove taste the curry came with a tiny portion of rice and my husband and i didnt really like that dish either .
had a great breakfast here this morning there was no line which i understand was a miracle according to the other reviews went just after they opened food was outstanding service was great as well great experience .
terribly service one of the most obnoxious places i have been to in nyc extremely rude staff who just dont belong in a services business will never go back .
umai      .
extremely bad service we showed up with a party of 5 and were made to wait forever to get a table .
great blueberry pancakes and hash browns perfect with hot sauce well worth the early morning wait .
kids    we didnt have time to ask for  bill was on table to  good bye hum hum .
ive been there twice had blueberry pancake and benedict each both were good especially the pancake its featured order make sure not going in weekend sitting in front of the bar would be a good choice .
seriously 1 5 hours to deliver some thai food 4 blocks  lame  .
amazing food but such a rude hostess when you have to wait that long it would have been nice to have someone pleasant to deal with .
service portion and atmosphere was nice food meh i had pad thai a la panang and spicy basil lo mein noodle probably the worst thai food ive ever had huge disappointment not planning on going back except maybe to try the thai tea l .
we shared the maine blueberry and banana walnut pancakes as good as all the ratings say warm just right mix of crusty and pillowy butter syrup was warm and amazing went at 4 pm on a saturday the wait was 30 minutes .
worst customer service we have three people they ask us seat in one small table thats too crowd .
the food breakfast or dinner is deliscious fresh and always immaculately prepared the staff could not be more pleasant they bartender makes a mean cocktail and the wine list delivers for those that prefer the grape overall awesome .
appetizers were ok green curry worst i ever tried over salted not spicy with bland  vegetables boiled to a state of  highly not recommended .
literally waited 3 hours food was delicious definitely try the egg benedict also had the blueberry pancakes  omlettes and turkey chili so good i dont eat bacon but they made it really crispy and good .
what a sad way to satisfy a thai craving blandest pad thai and som  i have every tasted if you cant get the basics right why should i bother .
deliciousness that delivers long wait well  worth it .
love the setting the lighting the decor service was fair unfortunately food is beyond overhyped not really digging the whole thai fusion concept while i like the trendy setting as much as the next person would also love to have some rocking thai food to match .
the food is great four stars for the attitude of the hostess though oh and they dont take card which is kind of annoying in this day age but maple butter syrup is absolutely delicious do not come here without ordering pancakes .
horrible .
 so good go and get there early because youre going to wait .
do not get the pad thai it was red and tasted like bbq sauce there were no peanuts to be found also there wasnt any eggplant in the green curry .
southern food in the city .
really people 4 stars very mediocre thai food not sure what all the rave reviews are about pad see ew with tiny thin pieces not even whole strands of noodles and dry overcooked  chicken basil and the waiter screwed up me friends order dont believe the hype .
came here for my anniversary dinner had the blueberry pancakes  die for the maple butter syrup really compliments them i also had the fried green tomatoes 1 12 hour wait totally worth it enjoy .
greasy and gross and disappointing .
good food yes worth  up at 7 30 in the morning to beat the line  outside so early no this is a nice place with solid dishes but its really nothing to write home about .
dont know what the hype is about small portion overpriced for a crappy tasting brunch rather go to mcdonalds than eat these garbage definitely not coming back ugh .
came here with a few friends for the last day of pancake month i had the best pancakes ive ever had there crispy banana with their homemade cinnamon chili sauce we were all very pleased will definitely come back here to try more baked deliciousness .
made the mistake of sitting at the bar and they were cleaning glasses by dunking them in  water and then  rings all kinds of unsanitary to me walked out after having been here 4 or 5 times  .
my favorite brunch place in the whole of nyc 2 hour wait can be used efficiently by shopping in soho they allow you to  your status online and they text you too bravo sugarcured bacon blueberry pancakes a must .
not worth the trip .
definately not overrated the wild main blueberry pancakes were amazing warm maple butter complements it so well p s you can get the pancakes to go but i wouldnt recommend it it just doesnt taste the same .
not a fan .
omg i came back here and ordered the banana smoothie according to  w its the best thing in life i wanna come back just to get the smoothie .
over priced and pretentious service lacking a second cup of coffee would have been appreciated food ehhhh 80 for breakfast for 4 .
i guess i  out when i came with my cousin and a friend at  on a weekday no wait what a cute place great service excellent coffee we thought the pancakes were some of the best weve ever had nonetheless crazy expensive for pancakes tis ny .
after a long wait my sandwich was presented with so much salty gooey  sauce i had one bite and had to stop for me  was an expensive  .
  and i dont feel guilty at all ordered blueberry pancakes very flavorful and served with plenty of warm maple butter very filling meal the last few bites were a challenge since i was full even on a full stomach their biscuits were  me .
fine not great servers are space  but nice juices are always refreshing and tasty especially the watermelon but food is hitormiss burgers and side veggies tend to be greasy .
this is hands down the best brunch ive ever had and the wait was completely worth it every dish at our table of four was  delicious every time ive gotten brunch since ive compared it to my meal here .
they buy their steaks from  steaks saw the delivery man as we leaving the restaurant .
the wait here is insane but soo worth it ive been here 3 times and waited an hr and a half and another time 2 hrs the blueberry pancake is the most popular item and it is delicious .
p good food but  service the kind that   by repeatedly trying to   tips yuck .
blueberry pancakes cant go wrong try going on the weekday because the wkend wait can be brutal .
terrible service some idiot pretending to have  had her friend server  us out of our seats after we ordered so much food wine 50 tip desert and drinks do not go here .
their sugar cured bacon is absolutely amazing their pancakes french toast and biscuit were also yummy but that bacon wow it was hands down one of the best things ive ever eaten .
we were hoping to try some of traditional latin food there was nothing unique nor special about their food the place looks nice and the atmosphere is alright too expensive for the type of food that they serve .
amazing just go dont read through all these reviews just go pancakes waffles everything is to die for .
way overpriced sloppy service after one hour the food came out and the fries were cold and soggy obviously second attempt still soggy .
best cheese grits ever .
literally my friend got punched in the face there and the owner did nothing this place needs to be off the market .
hands down best blueberry pancakes ive ever tasted right  the texture syrup service was ok but the menu was great ill definitely come back for more .
fuck this place friend had his bag stolen by an employee when confronted about it got the  heard the food is good but i wont be finding out he got his laptop back but shined on the bag again fuck this guy .
the best pancake ever in my whole life i hope they open in la too .
i didnt realize that  in  is  posting your totally silly business hours here would be nice maybe someday .
the most delicious and best quality breakfast brunch ive ever had in my life pancakes and biscuits taste like  from heaven stand in line to wait but omg its worth it plus the owners do cooking classes with the local community which is awesome m .
crust is always burned the edges and bottom are a deep charcoal black the best pizza when its not overcooked but sadly anymore thats the norm too bad cause the salads are exceptional when not overcooked so is the pizza .
i came here twice and both times i waited for over an hour but worth it i find myself craving their blueberry pancakes frequently if theres a wait there make the right decision and suck it up you wont regret it .
the music got so loud toward the end of the night that you couldnt even hear it over all fail .
the blueberry pancakes with the maple syrup is to die for very filling and flavorful cons it cost an additional 2 for a tiny cup of maple syrup if you finish the first one service was good there is usually a wait at this place .
went here during restaurant week and was sorely disappointed especially since ive heard such amazing things about them i ordered their pumpkin tiramisu and i think they made it with something spoiled because it was sour .
i had brunch there and it was simply exquisite from the omelet to the pancakes go early to avoid waiting too much personally i waited for like 2 hours but it was entirely worth it believe me you wont regret it also not expensive at all .
mediocre food horrendous service from all the employees we encountered we will not be returning .
 atmosphere and the pancakes with warm maple butter and biscuits are really tasty go in the middle of a week day and you may not have to wait at all .
im only giving this one star because the menu looked absolutely delicious we sat down and werent greeted by anyone for 10 minutes we ended up walking out i cant begin to explain how annoying this is we obviously left without eating really disappointing .
definitely worth the wait an drive went this past monday for the nice birthday breakfast ordered blueberry pancakes an sugar cured bacon absolutely delicious .
the worst place ever im going to sum this up real quick not busy no service only water provided within the first 1015 minutes of being seated unfortunately they lost a great customer and awesome tips on to the next one .
excellent definately worth a trip there .
food was so bland i desperately  out seasoning and nothing helped half of the beers on the draft list were no longer available bad food overpriced beer wont go back .
the wait was really long for breakfast but it was definitely worth it .
went for  the drinks were mehhh they tasted like lemonade wout any alcohol considering its beer week i was disapointed with their beer selection the pork taquitos were good though .
this is my third time here every time i had a good time and had good food milk shake is a must try french onion soup is hot and amazing love the potato skin bacon egg benedict is definitely worth trying spicy shrimp grits are also good .
food was good but service  3 beers in 2 hours really .
want to taste a piece of heaven blueberry pancakes with maple butter sigh i love you .
ive been there 2 times the food is great but the service sucked both times .
i do love all breakfast here .
i came here to try  sandwich because i saw it on  it was very disappointing didnt taste good and other food is just average for the price i paid for .
best pancakes ever period .
the food was boring the service was clearly bored with us expensive for very mediocre sandwiches .
ive been dreaming about another brunch here for the last 2 years even waiting in line for 2 hours sounds like  in my dreams blueberry pancakes are heaven an experience to try .
the food is soso the service is challenged and it is very noisy even when it is half empty .
blueberry pancakes the best in the world ive been here twice and i was not disappointed be prepared to wait in line this is a must go place for me whenever i visit nyc .
the food was ok the atmosphere really nice but the service bad we had to find the  took forever .
there is no food in the world worth waiting three hours that being said my blueberry pancakes were amazing my friends potato pancakes with lox were great too it makes sense to go if you can put your name on the list and kill time for two hours .
i am so furious right now horrible service i never review but i had to write this review because i really wanna share with everyone how disrespectful the bartender treated my friends and i racist if you come good luck ordering my fellow  horrible .
went here for my birthday dinner walking in you can just smell the goodness we had a mix of breakfast and dinner you must try to chicken and waffles i definitely want to back for brunch must visit .
ive been here twice for lunch in the past month the first time it took over 2 hours to get my food i wouldnt believe it if it didnt happen to me the second time it took 45 minutes to get a burger awful .
party of 6 second group on line at  for a 9am open of restaurant excellent food service our entire group was extremely pleased with the breakfast my only complaint is that the tables are too close together highly recommend .
extremely loud and crowded on a saturday night no room to do anything but stand and say excuse me all night .
although there was a 30 minute wait it was well worth it i got the banana walnut pancakes with maple butter and they were incredible also my friend got huevos rancheros which was excellent spicy fresh flavorful its a must for breakfastbrunch .
came here for an after work happy hour i have to say the food was really terrible and the service wasnt the best it seems like a chill bar but we were hoping to have a lil drunk din and it wasnt  .
great french toast amazing waiting system they text you when they want you to come for your table and have an online site that shows you the wait and how many people in front of you thats great service there cash only though .
i found a black hair on my manicotti but they were nice enough to give me a refund .
want pancakes and dont want to wait in line go during dinner still good .
food not that great went there several time all time food takes forever and is always cold .
love their chocolate chip pancakes the best in nyc their waiting time is ridiculous so make sure to have a light breakfast before going there .
sorry not impressed 13 dollars for a hot dog cheese burger and a soda burger did not stand out music from the kitchen was annoying .
those pancakes were so damn good i   a little while taking slow bites of the blueberry pancakes so worth the 2 hour wait yeah its an experience .
the food is very good the cafe has recently changed ownership and the service has steadily declined the last two times that i was there i went before noon to beat the rush and still had to wait 20 plus minutes for a sandwich .
best damn pancakes ive ever had period also dont pass up on the bacon which is basically food crack worth every minute of the wait .
great decoration nice atmosphere but kitchen closed at 1030 p m when the place closes at 200 a m disapointed with this for tuesday night also for such a hip and upscale place in the ironbound please hire sexy and and more attentive ladies for serversbartenders .
phenomenal pancakes phenomenal butterscotch sundaes thats pretty much enough to garner 5 stars right there dont go for weekend brunch unless you want to wait a long long time they serve their entire breakfast menu at all times of day every day of the week .
skip service was horrible when the food came out the waitress had no clue what roll was which and got everything mixed up the decor was nice though .
this place is amazing all around came on a weekend and only waited 30 mins not too shabby the pancakes were nice and fluffy and the eggs benedict was amazing i loved how they added green onions to it .
im on a quest to find the best dumplings in town and this was my first stop the dumplings are meh i feel like they were reheated which was a little disappointing but they hit the spot the dumpling sauce is strangely spicy .
i agree with most people here pancakes r good but to the  of waiting 2 12 hours never again will i go on a sunday coffee is strong like starbucks i think the trick is the melted butter in the syrup makes the  taste good .
f this  they give you whatever they have  you order chicken and broccori the give you 1  of chicken broccori and a  of white rice not ordered  live in basement with the rats they serve hope hamden cops send them  .
tuesday  30 minute wait line out the door didnt expect this the eggs benedict on a biscuit was delish i think even better than the famous blueberry pancakes worth the wait cash only .
 has a really nice atmosphere and  very attractive plates unfortunately the food was bland and overpriced the fish chowder was barely warm and the gnocchi barely had flavor a truly disappointing experience same your time and money go somewhere else .
i came here for dinner recently and it was extremely underwhelming my friend got the fried fish sandwich a special and there was only a small nugget size portion of fish in there i would give this place 2 stars for dinner but 5 stars for brunch .
i just wish they dont use as much as msg to make their food tasty .
pancakes so good you would smack yo momma for them enough said 4 stars because its cash only cash only really dude otherwise 5 stars the pancakes are good the  is better than life that is all .
i went with my family on labor day not happy never go again food mediocre for the hour wait .
magical blueberry pancakes i dont even like blueberries or pancakes long wait is well worth  some juice across the street .
i highly reiterate  xs review also the outdoor idea seems cute but i ended up with 8 mosquito bites on my leg clearly they had a better time feasting than i did .
pancakes were good you must try the jam they bring on the side this place would truly be excellent but they over cooked our eggs benedict .
i guess if you order the drinks on their menu they are great but if you go in there and ask for a cocktail that is different even a classic one like a french 75 they are incapable it was watered down champagne nothing artisan about that .
the sugar cured bacon and the butter infused maple syrup are reason enough to visit here on a  basis .
pancakes were average with some fresh fruit aka three slices of banana and half of a strawberry egg sandwich was served with a burned roll but somehow soggy with so many brunch options in williamsburg theres no room for mediocre expensive food .
chicken and waffle was great .
theres nothing memorable about this place the service and the food are nothing to rave about ive been here twice thinking i should give it a chance but now i know better the eggs benedict and omelets are bland and worth going elsewhere for .
amazing food the vanilla buttermilk waffle was to die for wild blueberry pancakes so tasty eggs benedict great staple with a twist biscuit and sugar cured bacon our waitress was not friendly she is the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 .
ok 3 star food 1 for dirty 1 bad service 1 star rating .
only came for dessert with my bf i had the pineapple cake very nice and buttery came here around 930pm so there wasnt much wait time but even at this time of night more than half of the restaurant was full .
probably some of the disappointment  with me menu is more about sharing apps than having a proper entree burgers were just fine but nothing special service was fine .
we got a side of sugarcured bacon and i loved it .
terrible service staff not friendly or helpful wont be going back go to jack  or  instead .
line is worth it best bacon in nyc biscuits are amazing as is their raspberry jam .
i spent the saturday night went to dinner with friends but the menu is not good dont have the  a lot of salt without flavor was not delicious and then we decided to go out and go to another bar ill be back here .
couldnt resist the chocolate cake .
over 50 beers on draft and 50 in bottle so a good selection of craft but theyve recently replaced their menu with a more expensive less filing tapas style menu its delicious but its just not the kind of food i want when drinking craft beer .
came here on a weekday cant stand the lines on the weekend the pancakes were very good obviously fresh the steak was also very good get the fried green tomatoes you wont be disappointed .
mexican food was ok didnt have guacamole lame waitress was rude and had no suggestion for the unavailable guacamole go to other mexican venues in burlington .
came back for the blueberry pancakes we got our order in 5 minutes before the kitchen closed and it hit the spot as usual yes we had pancakes at 11pm and they were  .
the margaritas had too much sour mix didnt taste like margaritas totally disappointed in the tacos and nachos wont go back .
the blueberry pancakes are phenomenal hands down the best ive had i also ordered the  it was okay at a prior visit i had the brioche french toast which was good and unique but not quite as  as the pancakes they only take cash no card .
got turned away at 1110pm on a tuesday even though their website and yelp said open till midnight boo .
if youre willing to wait the food here is fantastic especially try the pancakes i personally had the chicken waffles and that was the best one ive had yet .
charging for chips and salsa is purely  league nice use of local ingredients two tablespoons of under seasoned ingredients doesnt justify the price of tacos makes me miss the oasis .
i love this place i have never been disappointed in their brunch i have however been disappointed in their wait if you want to go for brunch or lunch then get there when it opens you cant go wrong .
food ok service sucks .
very good pancakes but a bit pricey the daily special cost an extra 2 dollars for a  of coconut flakes .
i was so happy to see that there was no line so i ordered two small orders of roasted pork and roasted duck it was mostly fat and no meat lots of rice no thank you .
the hour wait was worth it pancakes were fluffy mounds of love i want to be paula deen and drink the maple butter .
mehhh their roast pork is not the same anymore lacking the honey and texture .
this place is a bit pricey but amazing go for breakfast .
dont know why people like this place the broth lacks flavor ingrdients are low quality and service is bad .
i can see why they are rated as the best pancakes in nyc i always go blueberry believe the hype two hour waits on the weekends are common place the place is tiny and not suited for large groups cash only .
terrible i had the shrimp pasta and it tasted like watered shrimp truly one of the worst meals ive ever had ever boo flavor what so ever the ambiance and drinks are nice but im not coming here again .
another review wrote they are cash only not true description by yelp says they do not deliver not true like everyone says pancakes are great  garlic chicken is good also biscuits i feel like arent savory enough .
wouldnt take coupon they put out shame because the food is ok especially pho and rice .
february is pancake month go for pancake month .
ordered the pork sandwich which looked huge on the photo when i got it there was little pork the sandwich and couple strips of green pepper a joke .
it was worth the wait delish .
late on the ice water no one checked on us until we were finished didnt offer desserts pho broth was salty im not even going to  this place with a  review .
the best yes best brunch in the city blueberry pancakes enough said .
food is good service really sucks i dont know where the waiter and waitresses came from but they are very rude they speak really fast making it hard to understand always feel rushed and mistreated as a customer where do you find these people on earth .
best pancakes ive ever had the sugar cured bacon didnt hurt their coffee doesnt taste like poop .
their pizza is a lot like dominos .
blueberry pancakes with sugar cured bacon was  i plan on coming back for their pancake specials and try a new one each time the rest of the menu looks great too .
good thin crust pizza but terrible prices and service will never go back ill get my thin crust pizza from star tavern .
best blueberry pancakes ive ever had they served them with some kind of  sauce which wasnt too sweet just perfect .
this place is very meh nothing great to report its a little pricey and the staff can be arrogant at times as far as italian places in the  area is concerned you can do a lot better than this place .
this place is always crowded even when door open in the am but for good reason they have the most amazing blueberry pancakes out of this world .
service is horrible phone girls are retarded everyone who works there looks like theyve smelt something bad .
good but also overrated given the long lines .
dont waste your money tried this place a number of times i was disappointed every time plenty of local places that are much better .
the secret to their pancakes is the butter maple syrup it is to die for you just gotta try it yourself .
over priced for poor quality food veal was a low grade very tough the chicken franchise had no flavor the antipasto was good save your money and go somewhere you know is good already .
okay dont mess with anything other than the sugar cured bacon its awesome pancakes are pretty good too .
people talk about this restaurant really good for me this place never surprise me i just dont like the food again really i just dont like the food can i put half star .
great breakfast but really long wait recommended pancakes .
this business is shut down .
this is the best brunch that ive had in nyc youre going to have to wait awhile for a table especially on a weekend but it is definitely worth it .
i dont like this place at all pastry selections are small roast pork bun it was bland and fatty not good cup cakes wasnt airy they were hard bland and stale im disappointed management is horrible .
awesome breakfast place ordered 3 takeout breakfast dishes to survive on while in hospital for babys birth the best pancakes with warm maple butter the best pancakes ever brioche french toast very good country breakfast solid .
too pricey for what they offer a mediocre sandwich its not as great as a lot of the reviews say the menu is really small too so im surprised why they are charging so much low food cost nice enough staff .
vibe small packed smells yummy eat the blueberry pancakes best pancakes ever a side of bacon doesnt hurt obligatory   very new york one of the best breakfasts ive ever had i think my   three pounds afterwards worth it .
pricey lacking flavor and  the sandwiches had minimal taste .
best pancakes ive ever had .
awful no flavor just heat overpriced and limited menu the help wasnt well trained go elsewhere .
biscuits are great will come back but the wait can be a pain .
ok we went here because everyone said this is the best cheesecake ever fail it is the worst cheesecake ever .
superb food the service lacked at times and the space is extremely cramped be prepared to wait an average of 3045 minutes no matter what time of day you arrive highly recommended as a breakfast gem .
overrated my cheesecake taste like it had been sitting in the fridge with left overs you know when your food is  and  by all the odor filled crap you need to throw out .
long overdue review one of the places to hit up brunch in nyc why else do they have  reviews pancakes eggs shakes doesnt disappoint the hype a tasty cup of coffee and you can deal with the wait read up the masses agree .
dont know if i ate on a busy sunday afternoon or chose the wrong dishes but this was the most tasteless meal ive had in this city the baby ribs  still ok but the  was awful and so was the thick cut chips really disappointing .
you gotta  early for  very good blue berry pancakes which we shared good eggs benedict apple smoked bacon oh yea excellent fresh squeezed orange juice .
food is nothing special service is terrible not friendly slow hard to get a refill on coffee or water .
blueberry pancakes with maple butter need i say more .
the burger had a huge amount of meat the fries were lackluster the onion rings were  and raw now we heard the cheesecake was among the best in the country it was okay the strawberry topping was quite good but the pie pretty usual tasting to me .
hands down the best pancakes ive ever had i highly recommend getting the blueberry pancakes and the sugar cured bacon its worth the wait .
service staff let us waiting for more than ten minutes to take our order restaurant was 30 full they were laughing and having fun among themselves burgers were super overcooked and totally blend i used to come quite often but looks like this place is not the same .
great burgers .
bad service server so unfriendly one of them spilled water on my cheesecake and didnt even comp it cheesecake meh its mediocre no better than store bought .
clinton street baking company is the place to go for breakfast at lower east side pancakes french toasts any sorts of eggs are delicious the place is very busy always crowded so make sure you bring some time along or reserve a table .
the cake is ny standard of  some come with straw  from god knows what inside see pics nasty also the cash register girl didnt put in what we ordered good thing we checked overall just overrated with no reason to go .
pancakes are amazing but lines are deceptively long you are allowed to put your name down and come back .
tried breakfast today it sucks order the corn beef omelette it had one slice of corn beef potatoes were over cooked try somewhere else .
great breakfast another really popular nyc spot get here early you do not want to wait in line the pancakes are delicious especially the chocolate chip ones only drawback cash only and breakfast for two will set you back 40 it is nyc though .
cheesecake was very disappointing maybe slightly better than cheesecake factory too sweet and creamy dont be fooled that this is authentic ny cheesecake .
very good breakfast get the sugar cured bacon on the side i didnt try the pancakes which are supposed to be to die for so ill be back they have a solid  min wait go in pairs for faster seating near  enjoy .
worst place ever found a  like substance in my soup it was disgusting do yourself a favor dont eat here terrible .
worth the wait even if its 2 hours i dream about there pancakes they should really think of expanding the place or at least have outdoor sitting but to the point if you havent eaten there then you havent had real good pancakes .
two words tourist trap super long wait loud and pricey for the quality of food the location in brooklyn is definitely better .
really more like 3 5 but whatever the pancakes biscuits maple butter and hash browns are all awesome the ham and eggs were kinda normal its very good but not worth more than a 30 minute wait .
if possible no  you eat here do not use a credit  have now charged over  for a 75 meal this past week having to   with my bank against them do not go there the food isnt even that good .
best place ever if you couldnt eat here because it was too busy you can always buy their cookbook off amazon .
its okay .
theres always a line about an hour long its a little better if you go during the weekdays get the pancakes the blueberry pancake was  totally worth the wait the other stuff was  .
great location and inside looks awesome worth a try but the food is average and the table and dishes were kind of dirty still toast and potatoes were good but the corn beef hash was tough and the eggs poorly poached .
you have gotta try the french toast with bananas and  to die for ok maybe not die but well worth the calories come on youre eating in new york surely you will walk it off on your way to the bus or subway a must to try .
i went there bc if reviews but i left without ordering food they were extremely rood and careless never again .
pancakes so fluffy servings so large unable to finish left with  full and happy .
eh not great i had the scoop salad the potato salad was great shrimp salad not so much cheesecake was average crazy crowded .
this is what love tastes like we arrived here right when they opened and they already had a line the place was totally cute and i liked the music i had the banana pancakes which were so delicious i cant wait to go back here .
went here while in ny food was decent our server was horrible didnt want to give any refills took forever to get food very unfriendly dont recommend .
delicious blueberry pancakes and maple butter recommend coming here for dinner same menu but no crowds and no ridiculous 12 hour wait for a table also try the wonderful fried chicken with vanilla buttermilk waffle .
this place is eh basic diner food service isnt that great either i had the lobster roll which was good and had plenty of lobster all in all it deserves only 2 stars 1 for service and 1 for the food .
my all time favorite breakfastbrunch place to go love it pancakes here are to die for the omelettes are also amazing yummers if you want to get in on a weekend better be there early the place is small so it doesnt pack too many people .
took some out of towners here for dessert after a broadway show because it was nearby the place is fine just nothing special good for kids bad for people who know cheesecake .
breakfast is amazing here but it is a long wait the earlier you show up the better to avoid the line .
very disappointed in this famous cheesecake i went with the plain cheesecake the texture was off and i didnt like the crust the actual cheesecake was too sweet which is unusual for me to say its the first time ever i didnt finish my dessert .
had the most incredible brunch probably the best ive ever had yes the wait was long however it was well worth it the pancakes french toast potato pancakes all amazing you must try .
went there for lunch and also to celebrate my birthday super slow service we ordered a turkey sandwich and it was gross will never go back again they are destroying their empire what a shame .
this is a solid breakfast place but not worth the wait what place is really the biscuits are even better than the pancakes helpful hint show up before they start serving booze or wait out the line across the street at the coffee shop .
kids liked the pancakes i had egg whites dont come for breakfast 2 orders pancakes  and a pc of cheese cake  bucks no thanks .
got the banana walnut pancakes and the southern breakfast the southern breakfast might have been the best meal of my ny trip very light great cheese grits fried green tomatoes delicious sugarcured bacon is on point the pancakes were delicious too .
started out great amazing coffee went down hill quickly overpriced horrible service wont be back .
this is the famous clinton st baking company with new  best pancakes was it absolutely it was soo good yummy too bad i ordered some egg sandwich but had some of the pancakes from my friend will come back for sure and get nothing but pancakes .
a tourist trap pure and simple but when youre waiting for the show to start and you just need a cheesecake this is where you have o go .
come for dinner on weekdays no wait and daily specials brunch wise id recommend the maple butter on everything .
cheesecake was the saving grace pastrami ruben was the worst ive ever had fatty grisly with not much flavor the coleslaw pickles werent very good staff was good seating was quick my friend enjoyed her salad .
i absolutely love the pancakes here whenever i have any friends that come for out of town this is the first place that i always take them too the only thing is that ive always had to wait but it was always worth it in the end .
coffee was lukewarm eggs were gross how do you go wrong with eggs canadian bacon cold and potatoes tasted like oil tourist trap for sure in times square only went there as it was only place open and had 4 star reviews dont let it fool you .
went for lunch on a busy sunday afternoon always a crowd but theres a reason why i had the fish poboy delicious the bread was perfect homemade chips that went well with the sandwich definitely a must but be sure to arrive early and expect a wait .
the positive thing about this place was the food is screaming like the buttons on a fat mans shirt the service was horrid placing the order the waiter argued with me and gave no options or suggestions .
rough wait but amazing food absolutely worth it the host brought out pancake slices for those waiting on the street part of me was grateful the other part of me hated him for this  form of  .
i am sure the food is great but the staff was very unfriendly .
5 stars for the blueberry pancakes these are the most fluffiest pancakes i ever had in my life i really love the soft  texture and the perfectly sweet batter with blueberries the honey cured bacon was ok i would just stick to the pancakes .
went here for lunch on a normal friday bad attitude among waiters  ratio didnt make sense .
biscuits and raspberry  said come here early or wait an  well worth stuffing your face with such goodness .
i dont get the hype over these cheesecakes the deli sandwiches are nothing special either ill probably try the cheesecake again but definitely pass on the food .
if you can stand the wait the pancakes are excellent everything else is good but i think the pancakes are the only thing worth waiting 2 hours for .
subpar cheesecake we ordered the cake with cheesecake so maybe that was the problem the sweetness of the icing made the cheesecake taste near bitter maybe both would be better enjoyed  .
downsides the extremely long wait even at 11am on a rainy monday the kinda rude staff and the extra 2 for more maple butter oh and no wireless because they dont want people to hang around  stellar pancakes grits and food yumm .
stay away lousy service and  check with 18 gratuity .
the blueberry pancakes are out of this world the fish tacos are super yum the service is great but it gets super crowded on the wes so go at an off time they were very sweet to my young daughter would definitely go back .
best cheesecake um no that is what i went there for and that is what the two stars are for that is all i can say .
best pancakes i have ever eaten nuff said .
lame overrated rude waiters tourist trap terrible for food allergy  the food was pretty good but the service was awful so no thanks .
usually a savory type of breakfast eater but the blueberry pancakes were delish wasnt too sweet but  with the natural berry flavor portion was generous grits were yummy too the wait for this place can get out of control and they dont take reservations for brunch .
juniors you are  changing the way you make your strawberry cheesecake just to save some money my slice had a bite of strawberry but tablespoons of  filling stop being cheap you have many loyal fans go back to the old way of making cheesecake .
tasty tasty tasty pancakes were fluffy caramel sauce was sweet and the blueberries were perfectly fresh well done clinton st we also tried the spanish omelet which had some very interesting flavors service was friendly and prompt .
after  previous reviews ill merely offer the following two tips they bring complimentary pickles and slaw with your meal not breakfast and they use   chocolate syrup for their egg creams rating based on our standard mediocre breakfast .
pancake sugar cured bacon .
this place is a complete and utter shit show although the menu is expansive and i did manage to steal a coffee mug from here .
i love this place the pancakes are very fluffy and yummy blueberry pancakes are the best is the wait worth it of course i would definetely come back here again on my next visit to nyc .
just ok wasnt terrible but wasnt great service was good didnt have cheesecake as we were there for breakfast dont think well be back .
i mean what can i say i love this place the blueberry pancakes are simply amazing for savory the farmers plate was great only disappoinment was the brioche french toast which was just alright .
cheesecake is super dense and rich with no  crust which makes me feeling like im just eating a block of cream cheese i had high hopes for real ny cheesecake but it left me unsatisfied over hyped and not that good .
not much more to say that hasnt already been said pancakes are perfect scones and baked goods perfect had eggs benedict and even the biscuits underneath the hollandaise screamed were perfect too go  and avoid the rush but whatever you do just go .
this place is crowded with tourists and is overpriced i had gone to the bathroom before i left and saw a gentleman come out of the stall with a chefs hat on and did not wash his hands before heading out the door .
very tasty brunch came in on monday morning post xmas weekend and during the blizzard wait time 5 minutes we got lucky as the line all the other days seemed to be at least an hour long food delicious service meh the guy was  .
the cheesecake here is overrated id rather eat at the cheesecake factory trust me im fat i own cheesecake thighs .
came here with some friends from  over the summer and enjoyed the best breakfast ive ever had this place is worth the wait the service was top notch and the food was as good as it gets .
ive heard the cheesecake is great the food at this restaurant however is nothing special typical touristtrap fare if youre from out of town and want to eat in times square go to carmines otherwise check out the other neighborhoods .
the pancakes are sick do they sprinkle crack in there not sure if its worth the 15 but it was definitely the best i ever had the wait however cost it one star .
i got to experience a little slice of the  last night when i stopped at juniors for a cheeseburger after seeing the highly excellent play august  county what a weak cheeseburger and the fries  its all times square deserves i suppose .
how many more reviews does this place really need one more its really amazing and will change the way you view pancakes the end .
the roast pork and the black beans rice were flavorless absolutely no hint of seasoning .
amazing soup forget mimosas get the soups cauliflower almond truffle oil and squash pumpkin heaven sugar cured bacon crispier version of the chinese pork jerky yum p s cash only .
ordered delivery food does not show up for 2 hours i keep calling every 15 minutes they keep telling me its on its way eventually they tell me they forgot to send it no apology nothing .
delicious fluffy blueberry pancakes that were deserving of the best pancakes title liked the warm maple butter eggs benedict were pretty good too though ive had better biscuits .
no pickles on my cuban they skimp on the green sauce sophies will now be my place of choice .
i used to live down the street from this joint brunch on the weekend is madness with huge lines if you are like me who just hate waiting i recommend checking it out for weekday breakfasts and dinners good coffees pastries comfy foods and very nice service .
pretty  food rice but also the stews but very filling and very cheap with higher health standards than real food  i still prefer sophies this is a  for a burger or a slice not ethnic  food if that makes sense .
brunch was nice ppl friendly food was fresh and tasty pork loin omelettes pancakes were delicious .
  and  double charged my credit card wont give my money back had to  the charge on with amex .
the  chicken and blueberry pancakes were great but stay off the pizza we also had the gin  and lemon squash cocktails they were really fresh but pretty sour definitely a great place for good food .
this  is only about the empanadas they were too greasy dough undercooked and filling was just had too much cumin maybe order something else dishes do look delicious too bad  cant prepare great empanadas .
love the pancakes service juices my only gripe is the price 13 for pancakes is steep i know they are famous for it but geez i never leave here spending less than 25 i really wish they would open a second location it is just too too small .
two of us shared the pernil meal and got sick within a hour of eating there restaurant rated b no wonder never going to eat there again .
 got the buttermilk biscuit sandwich and split the blueberry pancakes so good worth the wait for nyc yes .
first and last check in here the place hasnt been updated in 40 years food was awful .
best brunch in nyc shitty dining room favs huevos rancheros pancakes .
terrible pizza rude staff i wont be coming back the bartender was especially rude and condescending .
mmmmmmm good everything blueberry pancakes sausage cuts hash browns bacon and eggs all served in true crowded seating nyc style complete with air conditioning above dripping water on your head and on your food and id do it again .
pizzas were ok dessert very good but overall it is not worth the price you pay however the place is really nice and service was good so if you like dont care of the price i would recommend .
goddamn those fuckin pancakes also if you arent prepared to wait at least an hour dont go .
just got take out from there the wonton soup was not hot and the noodles were awful something must be wrong since before this they were at least 4 star .
the cheese grits and sugar cured bacon totally rocked my world i still think about it and its been two years since ive been there .
very stingy on their products they hardly fill any sandwich i prefer the subway across the street .
i really cant say anything that hasnt already been said best brunch .
my party of four was seated and 30 minutes later still no waiter other tables seated after us had drink orders delivered and food orders taken we just left .
its worth waiting in line please go and experience it for yourself .
ive been a patron of this restaurant for over 5 years descent bar food over priced dinner but recently my experience with their service has been horrible just unfriendly staff and real turn off for locals .
omg the pancakes here i dont even normally like pancakes but they are just so fluffy and soft slightly buttery but not too creamy perfect taste texture almost melts in your mouth but firm enough to be chewy in a good way perfection .
our family has visited on 3 occasions and everytime we leave disappointed the service is below average and the food is mediocre most of our meals arrive luke warm at best this could be a great place with a little attention but personally im done .
leftover pancakes were just as delicious the next day worth 13 if you ask me there is always a huge wait outside of this place but you can always order for takeout even when delivery isnt an option i e brunch time highly recommended .
went a few times for lunch got something with stale onion strings on top that made whole thing un appetizing other time we ate outside and traffic distracted from the food i heard dinner was better but didnt want to venture out to try it .
 pancakes .
the hostesses there are incredibly inept i have been there 3 times and it is always a cluster getting a seat especially if you want to sit outside the wasabi wings are great but the rest of the food is just average .
have you ever had fried green tomatoes yes it is so good also they make my favorite blueberry pancake .
not that great of a restaurant if you are looking for frozen food deep fried this is the place for you .
after a long hiatus from clinton street bakery i still have to visit this brunch spot whenever im in new york top dishes to order 1 fried green tomatoes 2 blueberry pancakes .
took 25 min to take my order forgot to put cheese in my burger food is ok service is too slow they need to hire more servers overpriced for what you get .
almost pointless to add another review all i would add is that you should probably try to go during the week good but not worth super long wait times .
drinks okay but the food is pretty nasty the two times ive been there it was served cold burger and fries soup over cooked salad gritty dont waste your money go to wendys .
yes the pancakes were worth the hype the syrup could be a  less sweet but i guess thats what makes the pancakes what they are probably common sense but if you go during off  like during the weekdays its not as crowded as the weekends .
mediocre food nothing special went here during lunch a couple times just for convenience if you have the time and money try the  inn .
awsome brunch place the spanish plate was delicious just not to hyped about the lines .
sadly my last experience here left me not wanting more the fish didnt taste particularly fresh and the rice too warm really spoiled the whole sushi experience i havent been back here in a while and unless fuji  up its game i doubt ill return .
blueberry pancakes with maple butter fried chicken waffles with honey butter buttermilk biscuit sandwich classic extra thick chocolate shake bellini guaranteed amazing brunch in nyc .
i had higher expectations place seemed a little dirty and the food was no better than okay theres definitely better stuff around .
the best breakfast restaurant i have ever visited will revisit again this summer while in nyc .
the food are just ok the sushi are just ok nothing special the hot food are way too salty this is the only japanese restaurant in the area but i would rather drive further down to the other side of town  27 and have better sushi .
for our monthly get together me and my girlfriends had a wonderful dinner on a saturday night the ambiance was awesome the food was great the desserts omg i was in heaven this is a place to check out .
the lady that answers the phone has a bad attitude shes very rood and unprofessional she needs serious help  im very disappointed .
long waits even on weekdays apparently delicious pancakes tasty hashbrowns do not get the eggs benedict dont say i didnt warn you .
staff is friendly and sandwiches are good but they used to be great new management raised all the prices and is inconsistent when charging you for the sandwiches so sad .
def best breakfastbrunch in nyc but i really dont understand why people insist on going for brunch the wait is crazy over an hour go during the week for  lunch they offer a very similar menu to brunch during the week .
had the ramen here today it wasnt horrible but it definitely fell below average sadly there are so few options for ramen in the city that i might come back if i was in the area but thats highly unlikely .
the blueberry pancakes were fluffy and sweet the blueberries were very juicy also the maple butter didnt disappoint i was on a major sugar high after this next time trying the southern breakfast .
call their number get a fax machine this has happened to me on five or six separate nights they say they deliver apparently they dont .
amazing blueberry pancakes with maple butter syrup mmm .
okay ramen and not very good sushi come here only if you are not very picky about your ramen skip the rolls and fish .
okay so i have nothing new to say here about their food that hasnt been said before yes it is very good however avoid the 3 hour wait and go on a weekday .
the sushi is terrible on par with supermarket sushi .
the blueberry pancakes are soo good it so fluffy and its not sweet pretty yum its pretty hard to find a good pancake on the west coast all the other breakfast items were pretty good pretty standard .
hype a line like a club to eat here at 2 am please go eat street food like regular new yorkers .
amazing we had the brioche french toast eggs benedict and huevos rancheros all great their scones look delicious must try that next time going on a weekday morning the line wasnt so bad .
horrible service as a former new yorker disappointed to see how this place has gone down hill .
mjs star 3 5 price southern breakfast 14 pancakes 13 except tip tax .
food only good in pictures we had mac n cheese and burger and chicken  all was less than ok .
i was too late to make it to brunch however i went back for dinner and got the wild maine blueberry pancakes and based on this i am eager to back for brunch btw they do deliver .
host was incredibly rude we arrived early and were not seated in the order we arrived completely insulted never going there again .
be prepared to wait but this restaurant lives up to the hype of all the awards it has won blueberry pancakes try them and youll thank me later .
had the truffle scrambled eggs guess i should have went for the mac attack everyones raving about somewhat of a  and it was below average really bread wasnt the best small side salad and bland eggs  not coming back here for eggs .
sugarcured bacon maple butter blueberry pancakes 1 5 hour wait is worth every minute nuff said .
not letting 8 ppl in on a saturday is unheard of not sure who runs this place but thats disgusting and this place should really consider new  and staff peace cafeteria you lost 8 customers .
this place is really good .
what a joke this place is full of excuses bad service ended up eating across the street bc this place had every excuse as to why they couldnt sit my party .
is the brunch wellprepared and tasty yes will the memory of delicous scones linger on for a few days absolutely is this nice spot worth insane waiting times on weekends absolutely not there are plenty of other nice brunch places around go here on a weekday .
wont be coming back took an hour for our food to come out then it came out burnt food had no seasoning to it both salmon and chicken were dry and  waiter also never cleared off the table .
amazing everything french toast with the sugar glazed bananas is out of this world .
great recovery by management to get our order and take care of us but when i complained about waiting an hour for our order the waitress said relax its just food i better never see her again .
go yes everything youve heard is true the blueberry pancakes were phenomenal my cheeseburger was delicious and smoked salmon benedict was outstanding stop reading reviews and go .
refused service on my birthday because we had a party of 6 and they only accept 4 people or less seriously .
i come from the mountains and i found the best  pancakes and bacon in the city do not pass this up .
food is decent and the staff is friendly enough very cool location the service is horrendous not worth the  .
im a  no way could the pancakes live up to their reputation im still in a food coma from 3 hours ago they do i couldnt put them down i need to go to maple butter  .
waited over 40 minutes for a table of 6 when the restaurant was half empty they said they dont push tables together so we ended up walking out host did not approach us once to explain what was the reason for the wait worse service ever .
put in our name for 2 at  on a saturday got seated at  worth the wait the heavenly  pancakes were delicious topped only by the maple  concoction it was served with i cant wait to come back to try everything on the menu .
worst service ever waitress who is not knowledgable about the products on the menu a manager who knows nothing about customer satisfaction a recipe for disaster will be writing a note to the management team directly .
came here on a saturday morning and ordered the oh forget it its good go .
terrible never come here the waitstaff is super pretentious and refused our group even though there were multiple open tables at 11pm .
pro i was actually surprised that the good was pretty good the 10 monday burger special looks good too .
place says theyre 24 hours but they turn people away at 6 am on a sat morning with plenty of open tables so they can clean pretty whack if you ask me .
really awesome breakfast here the only problem is that the wait is so long we must have waited 1 5 hours but it was worth it .
1 green eggs ham 13 00 1 salmon benedict 13 00 1 steak and eggs 13 00 1 veggie burger  13 00 we shared between four people nothing was really notable .
very good pancakes and coffee .
ordered the mac attack a bit more  than usual but tasted ok 30 mins after in severe pain of diarrhea as im typing this .
hands down best pancakes ive ever had probably has something to do with using cake flour and lots of butter but who cares great coffee too .
the service was terrible the biscuits and gravy were wonderful the truffle fries were delicious too if i happened to be in chelsea id give it another try .
 fluffiest  blueberry pancakes ive ever had clinton st bakery was worth all the hype and the 40 minute wait for a table at 2pm on a rainy friday afternoon who the hell were all those other people .
food was mediocre can i have some real syrup please bathrooms too small dont ask me where i want to sit if you are going to turn the inside into the outside it did not match the hype .
the burger and beer deal is excellent beware that the service can be a bit slow .
used to look forward to coming to this place but now i plan to avoid it until they make some serious  food took forever at a  time it was cold not what we ordered and not good when it finally arrived .
on a cold rainy sunday i waited for about an hour with my friends  an awning to eat here and it was worth it .
i always come here but one night the dude at the door was   when it comes to letting black people in we gotta eat too never coming to this place again .
ive never been for the  brunch choosing instead to skip the line and pop in for dinner on occasion i like the clean friendly atmosphere and the delicious home  food .
just so so burger wasnt very good meat was salty bun was very dry mac and cheese was overrated .
this is a great spot for diner food thats made well everything ive had so far tasted great and was of high quality expect a wait though and they only take cash which i find increasingly frustrating  .
terrible terrible service the place only services based on it historical reference of the show sex in the city food is neutral in taste and service is inconsistent .
dreamy pancakes .
granted last time i was here was in 2005 but if its still anything like it was its run by a bunch of douche bags i will never return .
its been over a year since coming to the clinton st baking company but i still think about their maple  butter you could seriously spread that shit on a dirty mop and it would taste delicious .
i tried to eat there and found out the do not serve black people on dr   kings birthday wow so so shocked i plan to let the world know .
blueberry pancakes worth waiting a looong time for .
pretentious and overrated in new york city there exists an abundance of great restaurants that treat their patrons with respect and class this place is a joke why anyone would waste their time and money with this venues rude staff and less than adequate food is beyond me .
this is breakfast at its best everything here tastes fresh and yummy really comforting love the brunch but hate the wait but it is a small place and the waiters are always very nice try the milkshake if you havent they are creamy and heavy and great .
beers are warm the bartender is super rude and guess what food is mediocre i regret to be here .
god i miss this place one of few places where waiting for 40 minutes is worth every second this is no hype no gimmick pancakes here are truly out of this world how can they be soooo friggin good a gem of a restaurant .
food is mediocre when my friends and i got our food it was  temperature waffle soggy fries room temperature ill live if i dont ever come back 18 service charge for 3 people not worth it .
fresh raspberry jam smothered on tasty biscuit brunch menu is deep .
this place was very mediocre very disappointed after seeing all of the positive reviews .
the  food is excellent also i hate beets but love their beets salad whatever you do do not order the fried chicken .
went for brunch yesterday the french toast was subpar and for 13 was disappointing the service however was great fast and the wait on a saturday at 12pm was only 30 minutes .
best breakfast place ive ever been to great overall and excellent pancakes the 1hr 30 wait was a bit ridiculous or id give it 5 stars .
ok food awful service not worth the price .
the pancakes are to die for extra syrup  .
good food shady service if staff feel youre not paying attention or have had too much to drink they will  your check without telling you .
a nice small restaurant good for breakfast service was good food arrived fresh quick and for the most part was pretty tasty the portions are generous as well price good presentation good taste good recommend banana walnut pancakes .
tasty food crappy service .
be patient the  is delicious also bring cash because they do not take credit cards .
very rude service the guy outside made us wait for more that 20 minutes at 3am in the morning the food is great but not worth it being treated like this .
the food was really well prepared the atmosphere is casual very low lighting at night so a nice place to take a date the staff were friendly and attentive i would definitely eat here again .
to the manager of cafeteria the two women working the hostess stand on the evening of   were offensive and incompetent i will never return to your establishment due to their attitude and behavior shame on all of you .
well executed comfort food with unique touches that make it a little special fried green tomatoes with  sour cream were amazing .
hungry and needed to find a spot quick very crowded popular spot service was slow and food was okay they serve burgers and salads all a bit overpriced if you ask me prob would not go back there .
good homey little place for some hearty breakfast .
wow quite dissapointing sandwich was dry over cooked  werent good quality could have gotten same or better quality at one of those kiosks on the street service is quite  interested .
friendly staff cute place pancakes of the day pear and apple compote with a maple butter syrup were fluffy  .
its sad to see the quality of the food and the attentiveness of the waiters go downhill i use to love this place but it seems like cafeteria is too cool and trendy now so they started serving mediocre food in pretty plates ugh sad sad .
ive only been privy to the egg and biscuit breakfast sandwich and thats all i need 5 stars .
i used to love cafeteria and their mac cheese i dont know what happened to them they are not the same the ambiance is great though very chic and  .
yummmmmm we came in from sf and were dying to find good breakfast and clinton st baking company didnt disappoint the wait wasnt too crazy besides we went across the street for a nice coffee at  to pass the 30 minutes .
been here on prior occasions and have enjoyed the food but this time around poor service affected the food which arrived cold and flavorless three parties who arrived after us in our section received there food ate paid and left before we received our food disappointing .
i enjoyed their brunch of course any popular small place is going to have a long line at peak hours i liked the potato pancakes and egg dishes consider the specials if they dont run out of them .
the food here is terrible almost tasteless i know ive been there in the past and it was at least average but this recent visit was awful its a scene if thats what youre looking for after a night out .
never tried brunch but the dinner was damn fine .
real bad thats all .
this place is a dream my favorites pancakes with homemade maple butter biscuits basically everything my least favorites the waits for brunch .
dont understand the hype food is not great although i do like the grilled fish tacos best thing about the restaurant is that it is open 24 hours unless i need a late night restaurant ill pass on this one .
if you like pancakes this place is an absolute must the blueberry pancakes and butter infused maple syrup  a thing actually does exist are so good youd trade your favorite pair of  to have a bite .
service was friendly but this place is highly overrated total diner food sub par wont be back .
great pancakes .
late night eating usually means everything is awful but you love it because well shoe leather with mayo would be good because you are famished food was eh but the inattentive staff was even worse .
all i have to say is that these are the best pancakes i have ever eaten period there is nothing else that i can say that should convince you to go except dont go because i really hate the wait in line sorry kinda  ill admit it .
food is gross waffles were soggy and the chicken was under seasoned grilled mahi mahi sucks steak was very fatty and came with what appeared to be french toast sticks but taste like a foot best thing was the water .
forget the dang brunch ive never had to wait to be seated for dinner and in my opinion just as great .
there is no reason to wait on line for maccheese at 1230 am on a weeknight we watched other couples being let in ahead of us for 15 minutes walked away and found a diner that was interested in taking our jerks .
absolutely love their pancakes great place for brunch but theres a wait both time i went there in the week i was visiting ny its worth the wait .
food and service not as good as it used to be would not recommend at all .
egg dishes are perfectly cooked here but nothing beats the blueberry pancakes .
this place has really slipped its turned into a silly factory for sex in the city wannabes from elsewhere the food used to be rather creative but on my last visit it was actually lame a glorified applebees .
biscuit oh biscuit you are tender and flaky and cure hangovers .
this place is awful i cant believe it is so popular and busy all the time is it just because of sex and the city i really dont get it the food is terrible stay away .
the best brunch in town hands down what dont i love about this place oh yeah the sometimes impossible wait still though the buttermilk biscuit sandwich the brioche french toast the blueberry pancakes the  onion rings theyre all amazing .
meh completely describes this place mac cheese rather boring doesnt compare to delicious ones ive had at other new american comfort food places california cobb salad forgettable and therefore overpriced service lackluster and confused apparently the sliders were dry as was my chicken so very unimpressed .
theyve got a banging square slice .
the food is decent but the atmosphere is a total bad vibe festival the hostess gives bad vibes the servers act like youre bothering them and even the neighboring table that is literally two inches away hates you ill never go back never .
go for the pepperoni square we tried some others but none impressed like that beautiful square slice with tiny thick cut pepperonis filled with delicious fat tiny cramped space so eat fast or get outside and eat .
meh not really worth the wait i liked the fries .
best pizza in  and we found it i loved it cheese  w sauce is perfect crust is not too crunchy not too soggy it was amazing worth the looking around definitely would recommend it to anyone who wants to try the best pizza slice theyve had .
not too thrilled i had their cobb salad i could have made that myself just a lot of snobby gays everywhere im a kool gay lol its ok .
i didnt want much just a square slice of pizza to take me through to the next meal i got what i wanted obviously this place is popular with the afterwork crowd .
unimpressed ive had better seriously ill go back to williamsburg for a falafel or real diner food this place is way too pretentious for its own good .
if youre looking for pizza at 2am and youre willing to take it to go this is a pretty good place the spicy pizza is um really spicy i dont know if i could handle it again anyway this is cheesy saucy good for cheap pizza .
quality does matter and its lacking in too many areas in this has been cafeteria style over priced diner food served with way too much attitude .
such amazing pizza every time im in the neighborhood i make it a point to stop in here the broadway  square is my favorite and i would absolutely recommend it the stuffed prosciutto balls are also very good .
well past its prime the food is sometimes decent but the service rarely so and the wait can be  long better  and when you can sit outside not worth waiting in line and the host will always underestimate the wait by at least 100 .
hands down the best pizza in all of nyc everything is so fresh and you can tell the pizza was made with care i honestly have their pizza at least once a week since i work nearby the margherita is my favorite .
prob everyone in nyc has eaten here and i can  say that this place is over rated over priced yes this place sucks always to crowded and the food is not all that great .
for what you pay the price is just right good pizza every single time best in nyc .
the worst dining experience i have ever had i wish i could give it minus stars i have never left a restaurant pissed off until now if you have no experience in the service industry but you are gay head on over to cafeteria .
this place is famous for its spicy pepperoni for a reason .
nothing major the waiter was not very friendly the food was ok i dont have much to say about this place except that i wont be going back .
the prince perfection is so delicious i want to order it all the time and when i dont its on my mind .
this place is for people who love to be treated badly by cute waiters whats that about .
balanced rich tomato sauce good fresh melty cheese and a chewy flavorful crust get the spicy spring pepperoni square its perfection and literally the only pepperoni pizza ive ever ordered  .
im with everyone else get the mac and cheese .
fantastic pizza so yummy i had the smoked  and my sister had the margherita both were phenomenal .
why do people go here surely it cant be from one sex and the city reference bland generic food that is about 5 to expensive per plate a la eatery .
great crust great cheese great authentic nyc pizza small place all kinds if celebrity pictures on the wall off the hook can check off my list .
the absolute worst restaurant and service i have experienced in many years period would not even give it a 1 pathetic .
i have live in this neighborhood for 45 yrs and have never tasted a better pizza i go once a week and refuse to try anything else .
wow i waited two hours for them to serve me burnt and legit moldy beef never coming back terrible service watched two waiters argue over not having to take a table served grated parm that they dropped on the floor no thanks .
they are efficient at  am they were getting people through the queue quickly but when they decide to close thats it saw many disappointed people come by a few minutes later the plain cheese slice was awesome and i wasnt even drunk .
i havent been to a olive garden in years now i remember why i stopped going this place its good for one thing indigestion not real italian food everything must be frozen still as crappy as i remember .
the pizza here is amazing never had anything like it we had the spicy spring mercer margherita fancy prince and prince perfection all of them were awesome especially the mercer margherita definitely a must visit when in new york .
its  than fake italian and not even tasty why anyone would like this is beyond me avoid .
this pizza is so good i ate too fast before taking a pic amazing little pizza joint .
i got a meatball sub and buffalo wings while hungover in bed the meatballs were a strange dry tacky texture and did not taste like meatballs the buffalo wings had basically no sauce on them and had no flavor and the chicken was dry super disappointing hangover cure .
have had pizza from here a few times catered to a couple events and once by just passing it delicious nyc pizza really into the thin crust pesto one but the sicilian slices are really what im into here love a nice hot crispy slice now and again .
why is this being  kim luang when their menu says kam luang i just reviewed this place under that name and now i see this listing the menu and all the yellow page listings say kam .
pizza place is very small had the pepperoni square slice the pepperoni are little  and are delicious the staff wasnt the greatest but the pizza is very good i would get the pizza go because hardly any room to sit inside .
had the eggs benedict did not like it it was not done right the home fries were also disappointing as well .
the pizza by the slice is amazing with a light crunchy thin crust we also tried the square pizza they are famous for one of each was the perfect combo make sure to order a side or corner piece of the square pizza .
ive never been to bellas because they dont allow strollers it looks  just isnt accessible .
stopped in for a slice pretty good not great dont go out of your way .
i had heard about this restaurant a while back but thought it closed someone posted a new review so i went out of my way a little to check it out it is closed it is now  cuisine i think is what the sign said bummer .
delicious grab and go slices i have only had the opportunity to stop in once so far but look forward to the next time i can grab a slice while im out and about on the town .
classic italian cuisine make this a great spot to bring that special someone the lasagna was fantastic and the chicken marsala was loaded with flavor and no one can complain about the prices especially since the portions are true italian style huge .
had a slice of the margarita and the cheese sicilian best pizza ive had in nyc so far you could tell how fresh the sauce was and the crusts were crisped to perfection definitely dont leave without trying a slice of the sicilian .
pros   live music great people watching cons overpriced poorly made food and drink served by  that couldnt give a shit whether you live or die .
the pepperoni square pizza is everything perfectly chewy crispy pepperoni sweet tomato sauce fresh mozzarella yes please give this place a shot if youre in the area the perfect after shopping meal .
the antique menu long wait times and constantly   staff make this beautiful club not worth  ed the bartender is the only reason this place even deserves one star hes fantastic .
had the spicy slice and was not disappointed crispy yet robust crust great sauce .
the most average place ive ever been .
all the square pizzas were great esp the pepperoni its not a restaurant no where really to sit fine by me just an fyi .
do not eat here very plain rolls are over 10 and they are not good at all i dont think these people know how to make good sushi .
extra crispy all the time everytime .
absolutely abysmal in pretty much every way service is just terrible and the sushi is bad run dont walk away from this pathetic excuse for a restaurant i would recommend that the nyc restaurant consider just closing this location because it is destroying your brand never again .
one of the best square slices in nyc easily the best in manhattan get the spicy spring pepperoni slice phenomenal .
expensive small glass full of ice cocktail for 12 i would wait till i board on flight sushi is made of  service is slow drinks are weak .
real good new york pizza if you want pretense ambiance or  pizza on a  crust go somewhere else if you want the best pesto and black olive slice youll ever have some here .
if this is sushi i am an astronaut worse sushi ever eaten and expensive bad service too .
just go in and enjoy everything great service great pizza will be going back very soon .
horrible pale flavorless sushi looks like it made by a kid for the first time miniature portion and all the sushi is falling apart .
the pizza was just amazing we tried the margarita slice and the pepperoni square the square is a must .
decent sushi foe the airport the fish was not fresh tasted prefrozen across the terminal we found a chinese place wok roll this place served excellent fresh salmon .
the best square pizza in the universe nothing could be better if i could eat only one thing the rest of my life itd be the square w pepperoni served here .
terrible store bought quality sushi with stale fish .
have to say greatest slice pizza on nyc the ingredient are of high quality and not from a can of tomato soup the sicilian pepperoni is the best slice while the margarita sicilian is not bad either would highly recommend .
i was expecting better pizza after reading the reviews kinda over priced too .
pizza is good thin crust and fresh ingredients service was fast knowledgeable and friendly overall a great place they also have a good selection of beers good beers that is .
the pizza sauce tastes worse than from a can watery like consistency toppings thrown on too much ricotta on white pizza garlic  were soggy flavorless leftover pieces of crust .
one of the best pizzas in nyc its not cheap though but worth it .
overpriced and mediocre the pizza was burnt on the bottom and the flavor were sub par i ordered the veggie pie and the margarita pizza  90 this is pizza not caviar next .
best pizza in lower manhattan no doubt plus it has the friendliest service dont waste your time going to an expensive famous place prince street is the best there is .
one word gross do not eat here .
best in the business must get the sicilian pepperoni and the vodka slice .
i order the  fish were very plain no flavor im will not come back the place is clean compare to other .
excellent pizza thats all there is to say if youre craving a square pepperoni slice in the  area this is the only place to go .
worst thing i ever ate they microwaved my biryani and mixed chilli powder in ketchup for hot sauce never going back .
delicious pizza get the spicy with habenero peppers made into the sauce and fresh cut pepperoni and a slice of their soho pizza  is awesome and if hes there youll know it and their cheese is homemade .
ordered delivery dinner at 711 pm food delivered at  medium rare burger was well done and dry fries were soggy and cold bummer .
the best pizza ive found in soho after working here for seven years square pepperoni is fantastic messy but delicious and reasonable at 3 95 .
stopped by with my cousin really bad burger so disappointed .
spicy square is the best pizza in nyc sex in your mouth if you think you know pizza and havent been here then think again .
yuck i ordered my dish without chicken and it came with chicken 15   i got my tasteless chicken less dinner did it mention it had no flavor i will never go back even if  i love the plate covered with lettuce though .
its a good slice of pizza and very fresh ive only had it once but if you are in the area and hungry for a good slice its better than most 2 slices .
the food was good the service not too bad or price only charge whatever they feel like .
really good i like their thicker crust cheese pizza .
i got a bacon cheeseburger  asked for the burger medium and it was  beef was flavorless the fries were  looked old and like they had been frozen it ended up costing 15 total waste of money dont do it .
the pepperoni sicilian is my favorite slice in the city hands down .
cool diner mediocre and overpriced food .
my boss ordered the square pepperoni pizza for our meeting last week it was amazing went to the actual shop yesterday just as amazing great shop in a great neighborhood .
this place looks cool and retro from the outside but inside it just stinks it literally smells like a bathroom we left without ordering .
came here after a bad experience at lombardis so delicious had a slice if the margherita and it was amazing thin crispy crust yummy cheese and fresh basil love not really much space for dinein but worth the trip to grab a slice .
i had great expectations but this place turned out horrible the burgers are huge but the meat is tasteless the food is def not made with any love tasteless just like any ordinary dinner food .
love this spot and super lucky its across the street from me .
i went with my sis and family it definitely has a different kind of crowd no its not the same as the other locations but the food was good enough .
this is my favorite pizza place in the whole city the pepperoni square is by far the best thing to put in your mouth and also make sure to eat the risotto balls my goto pizza place .
the burger i had was kind of lousy the fries i had were kind of lousy the jukebox at the table did not work i will not be back .
i always appreciate everyone taking the time to give a review but please add the name of another joint if you think youve tasted better it helps me decide between places thanks .
all the food is huge at this place but unfortunately its not any good i had the burger which was very greasy and fell apart the two stars come from the friendly staff and there being a jukebox at every table .
a m a z i n g pizza the perfect slice has been found and its prince st pizza any kind you get will probably be delicious go there the neighborhood nolita is the cutest place ever only good times will be had .
not the best service didnt know if fries were gluten free or not so asked to sub potatoes plus up charged 2 plus 2 got gf roll on top of meal is pretty spendy for a burger not worth it for the money .
friggin good pizza if youre in the area theres no better place to get a slice order pay eat leave no frills just pizza molto bene .
food was good but 45 minute wait for 3 martinis was pathetic and it wasnt crowded .
its been ages since ive written a review but i need to give credit where credit is due this is some of the best delivery pizza ive had very similar to the  lbs square pie in brooklyn so happy to have found this place .
delivery was fast and the people that worked there were friendly some places are very rude but they werent had cheese pizza and it wasnt that great jersey can do better .
ok ok ok ok let me just say their sicilian pepperoni is the best thing ever like man that is all i can say the right amount of sauce the pepperonis are small and crunchy it seriously is one of my favorite .
went to arlington pizza with my fiance who was craving pizza the pizza was an oily mess my neighborhood pizza in bedstuy brooklyn is 10 times better .
one of my favorite slices around their signature slice is the square pepperoni and it is amazing plain is great too .
arlington pizza used to be amazing and i used to recommend the place now the original owner sold it and many things have not been the same such as their pizza and penne and vodka those where my favorites not so much the same .
great and cheap pizza cheap for the area the sauce really makes these pizzas great the sauce has a zesty sweetness to it def one of my top 3 pizza places in  .
i get the sense that customers are a bother rather than something that should be  the food is good but if everyday is a bad day they should sell the business and find another line of work maybe post office or dmv .
amazing square pizza best ive ever had tomato sauce is sooooo delicious wish i lived closer so i could visit this place regularly .
greeted with warm and inviting service the food was just a let down if you dont mind rubbery omelettes and mushrooms dry and crumbly burgers then perhaps youll enjoy this place .
best slice of pizza in nyc in my opinion im here every weekend .
went for brunch food was average service was terrible coffee was atrocious .
pretty pretty pretty good excellent crust and pretty good tomato sauce you cant go wrong getting a slice at this pizza place .
we ordered sashimi very old nasty fish neither my partner nor i finished our meal it was that bad and then i was sick for a day afterward the place wasnt crowded but our service was very very slow .
came back a year later and it was just the same as i remembered delicious .
i tried to give this place a few chances its local so i thought i would give it a chance but its the same every time the food mediocre to poor prices are high and service is spotty we stopped going for these reasons .
the best place for thin crust in new york city .
the prices you find in the dinner menu are all outdated fake the average entree price is about 5 00 more than it is listed here be aware of this  joint entrees are rather skimpy and way overpriced avoid this joint by all means .
amazing slices my favorite being the pepperoni square the pepperoni is as good as it gets burnt around the edges crispy dough is crunchy and light basically heaven on earth this place is a no brainer 45 star .
sooooo bad i keep hoping the food will get better and it keeps getting worse i literally threw out half the take out order i just brought home two  of the sauteed  and it was in the trash hope is now lost .
best pizza ive had in this area so far its expensive but the pizzas are huge definitely will be ordering from them again .
how can you possibly screw up a chicken parm thats all i have to say about this terrible restaurant i live around the corner from the place and id rather drive 20 minutes further for a decent meal .
good taste and so so cheap reasonable .
completely overpriced food rather small portions and not such great taste only when the older lady is there the food is better .
delicious no bs just great pizza and nice people had the pepperoni squares a little kick to the sauce which was nice oh and they have coke products not pepsi thank goodness .
i was so excited to try this place sadly i was very disappointed the food was overpriced and portions too small aside from that the oxtail was tasteless and cabbage not what was expected will never go back .
solid 4 stars probably one of the best pizzas ive had since i moved back to ny you can find  pizza joints but few that make you wanna go back ill be  my inner fat kid demands it .
tea  and  are good however any thing  is not  falafel   non of these tastes as goog as it should the  time i ate there i thought god im gonna miss home if all resturants are this way .
got the cheese pizza and neapolitan rice balls both were superb .
cant comment on the rest of the dishes but the baklava at the  market was both better and bigger for the same price maybe i will visit on 2 tuesdays for smoothies .
great food here loved the rice balls .
i was craving a chicken tawook wrap from saads they were closed decided to go to this establishment and saw something similar on the menu it was definitely not what i expected i did not like it at all it was nothing like saads .
my daughter and i are visiting form dallas this is an excellent value and a true neighborhood gem lunch for less than 10 and in true ny style know what the hell youre ordering before you step into line .
i dont really see the hype in this place i went for a waffle one morning and it had a weird uncooked consistency not sure if the waffle wasnt fully cooked or if it was some vegan gluten free  but i was unable to finish it .
pie is fantastic especially the margherita .
we had the chicken tawook and hummus both were nicely presented but bland the spinach pie was adorable and tasty im not sure if its just what we ordered but we werent impressed with the food the restaurant itself is beautiful .
best thick square pizza in  pepperoni and  tomato sauce doesnt get better than this .
sorry folks all i can say is hair in the pizza .
you know that pizza place people outside of nyc ask for the one where they want a small shop with an italian guy behind the counter and a fast quick tasty bite that completely  ny pizza this would be that place .
terrible wife bought two sandwiches subway is better one slice of turkey and one slice of cheese on lousy rolls never going back jason b .
theres about  pizza places around this one is great open late the cheese is great and they use lots of it i wish their dough was a little thicker .
pizza sucks real bad also we ordered stuffed mozzarella bread but it wasnt bread some kind of doughy crust real bad also sucks that i live across the road w a horrible delivery option .
fast and friendly .
hard to get a good read on this place at first i felt the pizza was good unfortunately the last time i visited the pizza was lacking and the chicken roll was cold nothing really makes this pizzeria stand out above the others in the area .
a good representation of ny style pizza good sauce .
its very close to my building but i stopped coming after a few times cause the crowd was just too much and it took them 20 to make my to go latte its just not worth it .
for a slice place this is about as good as it gets i recommend the pepperoni sicilian slice its a touch pricier than your typical slice but well worth it .
food and coffee are great however the  chaos inside gets old and the staff isnt great theyre slow not nice and they are unsanitary i saw one of the employees eating over a food preparation area then didnt wash her hands after .
the pizza is very tasty the grandmas with garlic is the best .
ok coffee what coffee shop in nyc doesnt have skim milk or wifi though had the  toast which was nice .
good food great location will go back .
coffee was ok chai latte was horrible service was extremely slow the place does look great though plenty of better options in the area id rather go to .
best pizza ive had in nyc and at 4 a slice .
employees really nice food was good but loud music while eating and not being able to hear the people sitting at our table makes me not want to go back will not recommend to friends .
rays has highquality by the slice try bolognese .
will never understand how this place has such high ratings the sushi totally sucks they dont cut the fish properly so you may end up with a bite full of skin nasty .
best old fashioned pizza of my life this was my choice dinner for valentines day as someone with expensive taste that should not be taken lightly try it for yourself .
i dont understand the high ratings the sushi quality is far below par we had shrimp tempura eel spicy tuna yellowtail and salmon roe all were very poor quality the absolute worst sushi in philly dont waste your time and money .
omg this pizza was no joke extremely amazingly delicious it is my favorite pizza in ny .
it was our first time to try  sushi we got 6 different rolls and were very disappointed the rice was just way too wet it made all rolls tasted so weird we rather go to the whole foods market to get  sushi bars sushi box .
great basic pizzas this is the huge new york style pizza you think of pizzas are labeled as  but are huge and delicious try the spicy  calzone the melty whipped ricotta in there is amazing .
tried this place on a saturday night for take out they said 30 min i came in 30 min they said 15 more min i waited 20 they said 2 more min i waited 5 they said 2 more min i left and got pizza .
great pizza this is no 1 pizza but i like this spot their pizzas are great especially the fresh mozzarella pizzas which i highly recommend freshly made fresh out the oven and the tomato sauce is really tasty .
i orders fish today and  food poison based on review it sound like they never tried fresh fish .
still a good pizza place that i will come back to but i am so disappointed that they changed the recipe of vodka sauce pizza just cheesy with not much vodka flavor it is no longer my favorite .
dont order delivery 1 hour late took 2 hours to get food still waiting delivery driver just called asked where i was at and i put in notes what hotel i was staying at and the correct address food will definitely be cold not acceptable .
excellent pizza here at  i had the margherita slice and my boyfriend had the pepperoni both were highly satisfying the pepperoni was little and the ends curled up when cooked margherita had an excellent sauce and crust combo we will definitely be back when in the area .
the food is not fresh and the service is extremely slow i had to wait an hour to get my fish .
visited this place twice on my recent ny trip got the sicilian with pepperoni quick cheap tasty all you could ever ask for from a slice house .
tasteless and regret ordering ordered falafels n chicken kebabs nothing like what it should be hummus was awful .
amazing simply amazing love it .
the quality of the food had gone shockingly down hill not only do they now charge for delivery but the fish was clearly not fresh i will never order from here again .
easily one of the best pizza joints in the city everything is fresh made the sauce cheese and dough great service with large slices i try not to go back often and fail .
menu do very well their food generally dont recommend it plus a bit cheap not health .
best pizza ever had both sicilian and regular pies were awesome lunch for 4 for under  .
 delivery service ever the food is great i completely understand that yesterday was raining and was busy but to wait 2 hours for a pizza to arrive was ridiculous you really need to get staff together .
this is the pizza i have been dreaming of slices available thin crust and sicilian margarita thin crust was good but should have gotten another slice of pepperoni the cheese plentiful and stringy deliciousness sauce perfect crust yep got it right .
this place must have new management now new faces and terrible food i was shocked tiny shrimp sizes and dirty  sticking out ugh i never had this problem before this will be my last trip there .
it was good i thought the sauce was a little bland but it was good on the go .
if you get the pho and dump whole jar of spicy sauce in it you get asian comfort food 5 stars for that alone but minus three for otherwise consistently shitty food .
believe the hype this slice could change your life a must try best slice in the area and rivals lombardis for best pizza in town .
an avoidable place especially if you have a  to get suckered in by the cheap lunch specials the fried rice is stale and the meat leaves you  almost a little queasy .
i am a pizza fanatic this is my favorite slice ive ever had in ny thicker and cheesier than the lombardis type my go to spot wish they had more assortment of sides ie garlic knots maybe pepperoni rolls .
omg i dont know if it was my selection of food that i chose but this was the worst chinese food id ever had in my life my stomach  at the thought of it i almost had to force it down .
i can now confirm that louie from joes  is making prosciutto balls at prince st pizza i was there today ordering a dozen prosciutto balls for takeout louie himself emerged from the kitchen to give my order to the counter guy here is louie   .
cheap but taste bad .
just took my girlfriend for her first slice of new york pizza had a cheese and a pepperoni the owner was incredibly friendly and even threw in one of their square sicilian pieces for free absolutely incredible and the kitchen was actually staffed with italians .
great appetizers mac and cheese balls beignets and pig ears were really good burger single patty was disappointing nothing special dessert smores was really bad cold also service was   considering it wasnt that busy our server seemed to take forever with everything except the bill .
the best pizza ive had in nyc came back the next weekend for more pepperoni squares were awesome .
this menu is not for me maybe it is for you i am a picky  and not very adventurous .
it is as good as aaa i dont know but what i do know is that it is much better than rays written by my 8 year old son the pepperoni pizza is delicious as well as the rice balls .
good ambiance but the food is terrible and overpriced this is similar to the owners failed swift half concept they try and put an upscale twist on traditional bar food but it just doesnt work .
fantastic on the day i went into this little place they had just brought out a fresh diablo sicilian pizza man was this thing good their pizza sauce was fresh and delicious the staff were great to talk to and were very funny .
pizza was not good at all and expensive will never return .
love it .
didnt like it all the sauces on the lamb and chicken dishes seemed watery or like they were made from  spices or premixed sauces just got the overall sense nothing was being prepared very freshly cant put my finger on it .
 and ny dosas  everything that is good about new york sweet service good conversation and  touches to your food are what makes this place a gem come for delicious vegan dosas return for the fact that each is crafted with  .
nasty food place stinks very slow service atmosphere is terrible staff was not friendly owner was a  will never go there again stay away save your money .
wow the pondicherry dosa is out of this world the veggies are fresh  delicious for me its a nice affordable  treat also the owner thiru is so fantastic and  read his  on  com .
spoiled bartenders that think they work at  wont take tips if giving in coins and not bills or credit card disappointing .
hes super chill makes the dosa on the spot and everything is very fresh grab a dosa and chill in the park i would recommend the pondicherry .
beer prices have gone up quite a bit too loud no more art the bartenders dont get to you fast enough as they are busy talking to their friends .
i went to ny dosas for the first time today and will definitely be coming back the samosas are great and so is the service no waiting in line for  or drinks quick yummy inexpensive and pleasant .
i came here last night after dinner in the neighborhood looking for a chill place to get one more drink i ended up leaving with full drinks on the table the bartender was downright rude and the beverage selection was mediocre i would skip this place .
best food in nyc ever i am an indian and the samosas and the dosas are better than anything i have had in india thiru dosas rock complete value for money .
im all for good date bars but this place is too loud music wise too dark and not cozy enough seatings also its wine and beers only .
worth the wait .
went at about midnight on a saturday night tiny packed and incredibly loud walked right out in order to save my ears from permanent damage go if youre a 21 year old nyu student .
the samosa filling is so good but its the dough that takes it to another level he is going to be busy for the  future .
not pretentious although it seems tempted it is a cool space but really dark and usually really loud the bartender  the music and it  around and you cant talk .
incredible samosas quick and easy spot to pick up them up and enjoy in the park .
i used to frequent this bar often until i had a bad experience when i brought some friends we were having a great time until the bartender gave us attitude and urged us to leave they also refused to play  the  .
if i lived in the neighborhood i would eat here everyday so delicious and nice to take your plate and eat on the grass guy running the operation is awesome i love this place .
probably the worst bar ive been to in philly boring it was hotter inside than outside in the summer the waitress said that she didnt know if the ac worked .
had the delicious pondicherry dosa incredibly filling light spicy at my request and came with an awesome  chutney the guy running the stand is attentive incredibly nice calm and a great  .
bartenders are ok but i ordered there signature salad and it was sandy ouch the food used to be good here but .
i only had samosa and  for snack they tasted alright but i sure will order from the lunch menu next time .
this place used to be a lot of fun but the service is so cold the bartenders act like they are high and mighty there are so many better places to go in the neighborhood .
the best with the  of spice row e 6th st so hard to find a good dosa if up for lunch in the park this is the place to go .
its awfully expensive for a dive bar .
mmm mm good .
the bathrooms are dank the  ive met here were beyond  i have bad memories of this place bad bad memories also they should really start checking ids .
amazing value the flavor and price cant be beat the only downside is when there is a line the dosa gets made a bit sloppy so that the crepe is thicker than usual and the filing is anemic .
the food was just ok the ambiance and decor was nice but i am foodie i had to make reservations a month in advance so i had high expectations i have to say that i was disappointed .
a washington square staple and some of the best food indian vegan whatever youll ever have no trans fat no dairy spiced perfect the line can get long but its always worth it look for the crowd .
i dont really understand such the hype over this place my service was beyond sub bar and the waiter seemed to be annoyed which was rude the food was nothing special and definitely not worth the money spent on it .
thiru and his dosas and samosas are one of my favorite gotos in the village its incredibly delicious and reasonably priced for lunch 3 is my favorite make sure to check his twitter before heading over there in case he cant get to the square for some reason .
gets extremely busy 2 5 stars maybe i ordered the wrong food crab meat over burnt bread it was ok wasnt good how does one burn bread a little pricey too not sure ill go back service was decent .
i love the dosa guy everything is vegan and gluten free i work and have worked down the street for quite some time and i doubt tat ill ever become tired of his food everything is very reasonably priced and is made fresh .
its okay the food and the atmosphere are just okay .
i love this place the masala dosa is perfect and he is the nicest guy sometimes when its cold he gives out hot soup while you white for the order amazing food you have to try it .
tiny food extremely tiny food and the taste is soso dont worth the money .
believe the hype extraordinarily fresh ingredients came down from midtown with a friend from chennai and  loved the food as well .
been a few times the food was just okay not a good value very overrated .
love it thiru is great the food is always superb you cant go wrong with a roti curry sooo good or get the popular pondicherry portions are large but if you have space the samosas are also yummy .
service was lousy took too long to get our tea food was not all that great they forgot the  in the waldorf salad and the lentil soup was way too salty my mom and i were disappointed overall with our experience .
everything is vegan or vegetarian and so affordable extremely friendly guy who can remember everyones orders in his head amazing samosas amazing savory crepes always on the southwest corner of washington square park follow his twitter to see when hes open nydosas cash only .
noisy reservation is a must the staff was helpful and pleasant when they told us it would be 2 hour wait for a table that was fine because the noise level was too high .
simple tasty vegetarian cheap a winner in my book only issue is its bit messy to eat really need to use both hands for this one .
the place is very pretty food though is so so very small portion we ended up  some where else again .
not only is the food outstanding and very reasonably priced but the man making it is an absolute gem he   although i no longer live in the area i plan to go to ny dosas every chance i get both for the food and the  .
 used to be so good i dont what happened since november 2012 it keeps getting worse i will not be going there anymore last 4 visits should have made that clear to me but it just used to be so good i kept going back .
lets get this straight thiru has some great dosas and samosas check his twitter to see if hes here today .
meh dont  hype the setting is gaudy the service is mediocre and most importantly the food is uninspired and without much flavor really disappointing especially for whats supposed to be a great farmtotable spot .
yum great to take into washington square park on a sunny day fresh vegetables extremely good sauce for dipping the dosas and delicious samosas i will definitely return .
nice decor overpriced okay food inconsistent service never again .
attention all vegetarians its time to head down to washington  park for some good old dosa from the dosa man the dosa man won best food cart from the  awards its simple a  bean crepe with potatoe or vegetables yummy long live the dosa man .
beautiful beautiful place awful awful food .
the best dosas ive had in nyc just the right level of spiciness with a great soup and coconut chutney on the side  by a very friendly and courteous  and great prices overall great .
the food was ok and the service was poor slow incorrect and the server seemed impatient and defensive all in all not such a good experience i dont think i would return .
not only are these dosas out of this world and all vegan but they are cheap ive only had the dosas and they are consistently wonderful every time .
the decor here is really nice our waitress must have been new because she seemed a little out of it the brunch wasnt very good omelet but the salad was nice .
the best dosas around .
emperors new clothes huge amounts of  farmtotable  nonsense but not particularly brilliant food i mean the food is fine fine not amazing by any means dont believe the hype .
authentic taste inexpensive sizeable portions and friendly guy behind the cart .
i really wasnt impressed by this place and everyone else seems to be i just think that there are far better places in manhattan to get a good meal the menu was rather boring and most of the food had no taste also the cocktails werent that special .
love it so good and so cheap too they could charge a lot more if they wanted to .
what can i say very ok great location and decor though ok i ran out of nice things to say bye .
awesome south indian food at low prices lines can be long and he thiru has very limited hours but its worth a visit .
pass on the appetizer mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes tastes like something youd pick up at a grocery store 4 totally bland balls of cheese tomatoes in lots of vinegar sugar snap pea salad also was not notable mostly hunks of lettuce with the bitter ends .
yummy dosas i love south indian food the samosas arent bad either .
run by unfriendly people with a chip on their shoulder .
great dosas and great coconut chutney .
its super unfortunate they never deliver the correct order nonetheless arrive within the specified time frame unless youre going to pick up stay away thats is of course is you dont mind waiting an hour plus .
interesting choice of lunch around nyu always a line during lunch times im more of a  but i appreciated the food the dosa man is really friendly too if youre hesitant about the place give it a try .
wings were good but the pulled pork sandwich came on a hero with overpowering white onions and the quality of meat wasnt good i had to keep spitting out bad pieces and ended up just throwing it out i dont recommend the honey bbq sauce too .
our best dining experience in new york well worth the wait in line we met some super cool people and enjoyed great food service .
deceiving everything looked good and then i tasted it i got a dry burger disco fries with lumpy gravy and flavorless onion rings and zucchini sticks never again .
i enjoyed the flavors in the food but what really got me was the crepe like bread that comes with the food its so thin and crispy i would consider searching for this guy again next time im up there .
food was okay though chicken satay was pretty overcooked service was pretty bad waitress couldnt be bothered to explain anything .
tasty tasty dosas ive had this a few times and its super tasty masala dosa thin crepe with spiced potatos inside super tasty all the dosas are served with a small side of  spiced  samosas are also delicious here .
worst service ever .
i cant remember a time where 5 has gotten me so much delicious food it gets you a huge masala  coconut chutney and a soup i wouldnt bother with the samosas not as special but still fine the winners here are the  just do it .
definition of pretentious the hostess was a stupid snob put me out there are so many better places to eat where the staff will at least pretend to be nice .
best dosas in city always a line but so worth it happy to sit and eat every last bite in the park .
the service was bad the baked eggs after reading so many decent to great reviews was disappointing it was dry and relatively flavorless the atmosphere is cute and very  the coffee lattes was good but not great i wasnt impressed i wouldnt likely go back .
gotta give him the props for making some very delicious dosas in a cart i didnt get to try the masala dosa or the simosas but i will definitely try them next time then i might up the rating to 5 stars .
terrible service one of the rudest hostesses ive come across in this city the food is not good enough to tolerate the  .
five dollar healthy deliciousness do yourself a favor and try it .
staff got to go manager was rude hostess even more yeah its a pretty place food is tasty loved the avocado over bread and the cous cous was pretty good but they really need to have a better customer service .
delicious read the reviews and had to search for the cart totally worth it thiru was so personable and even gave us a sample of something  to try cant wait to go back worth the effort to find him .
 .
fantastic and lovely energy .
not the place it used to be a decade ago it used to be a  mecca now that crowds  williamsburg their couscous is still good though .
i love dosas a lot any place that serves me dosas automatically  5 stars in addition to my masala dosa i got an orange barley soda thiru called it a very special soda and that made me feel very special indeed .
they have some good food but generally i feel trapped in a bad issue of wallpaper magazine circa  whatevs .
quite greasy and heavy but its from a street cart right delicious and spicy theres always a line eat yours in the park on a nice afternoon .
decent food fine atmosphere but  rudest  hostess ive ever experienced shes was the absolute worst and  i will not be back .
i had the dosa it was cheap and good value for money will be trying the  curry next .
was going to eat here but the service was so bad i walked at least pretend to like your job .
yum delicious and cheap great for a quick lunch around nyu i ordered the masala dosa which was huge but tasty i would definitely try some of the other items yay for food carts l .
great location and a really nice outdoor seating area when the weather is nice but the food is bland and i guess because its served outdoors it comes out on paper plates and plastic cups .
nothing to be said that hasnt already been said amazing  great prices thiru is the man tip follow him on twitter nydosas hell tell when hes coming to the park and when hes not .
worst place in vermont stank and filled with assholes never go here youve been warned .
fantastic theres not much to say that isnt in the other reviews this is the right place to go if you want a huge delicious healthy lunch for under 6 to eat in the park i recommend the samosa .
location location location actually if youve had the pizza and like it which i do its consistent otherwise the food is filling and the beer is beer the seating on the  is top notch and that is the  reason to go to kens .
finally made it here i had the pondicherry special sooooooo yummy i could barely finish it was so filling i work  close to  magical goodness .
horrendous service and below average food steer clear protect ur neck .
oh dosa man there is simply no street food anywhere in the city more flavorful than yours thats really all that needs to be said thank you for being across the street from my school .
worst pizza in burlington possibly i think the pizza place at the mall that sells the shitty slices is better .
samosa and dosas are about as good as youll get anywhere else in the city plus its cheap and the guy who runs the cart is super nice .
pizza was fresh and good but if you are visitng from out of town i would say to skip it its nothing special if you just want to sit and watch a game and have some beer then this may be your place .
i pretty much tried all the dosas  dosa special masala dosa plain uttappam  veg uttappam at this cart but liked only pondicherry dosa samosas are ok but while waiting for dosa can grab one .
we were told 20 min wait time got to sit after 40 mins ordered beer took 20 mins to arrive i cant imagine when my food will arrive a very poorly managed restaurant .
these dosas are super scrumptious n y dosa yummy and very authentic .
lovely server nothing remarkable it felt like another chain restaurant two stars are for the decor .
yes very good the dosa pancake is fantastic as is the chutney .
well getting worst  waiting as additional two are seated once more  treatment to others not older couple .
long live the vegan dosas cart guy .
the servers are very nice which is the only reason this even gets 2 stars otherwise the food is so far from authentic chinese food and is so very salty if you are asian or used to eating chinese food do not come here you will be offended .
pretty dang good dosas crispy and soft warm you get lots of great sauces on the side amazing deal for the cheap price fyi we got the soup and it was reeeeeally really spicy and i have a fairly high tolerance .
we had a big order for pick up  of more than 10 entrees and i picked it up around 11am the food was not fresh as if they were leftovers i would prefer to eat at panda express and pay the same amount i paid here .
i miss the dosa sooooo much and the coconut chutney so good .
dont get the special limited availability pad thai it was horrible i mean foul the hot and sour soup was salt soup no heat no sour awful restaurant .
yes you want to go here .
recent glaring inconsistencies in the information provided by employees regarding available vegan options at p f  has caused me to question their commitment to  by dietary restrictions i urge all diners to check with their server manager and even corporate before consuming anything questionable .
was in town last month for  with my band this cart was right in front of the building where all the  were it was awesome i wish i tried more dishes but i at least got the dosa and it was delish .
only white people who dont know anything about real chinese food would go to this restaurant and call it good .
thiru my man you the best best best everything samosas roti coconut chutney ask for his specials order ahead give tips dont get scared by  his occasional  if you like spice ask for it youll get it .
ok food very few good dishes great ambiance but not worth the crazy long wait so hate it avoid going here at all cost .
finger licking good you might have to wait awhile but its worth it ive seen the line grow to about 20 people but the dosa man  it with great charm .
hold up wait a minute can someone please put some cuban in it this was a waste of a friday night overpriced diner food soda pop mojitos good thing was i saw someone i havent seen in a while .
waited too long confusing ordering system no line for samosas 40 different kinds of drinks .
my red snapper was dry the waiter was over  and disappeared for a long period the prices just did not justify the overall quality of service in  overpriced food for average food quality i was expecting better disappointed .
dosa man dosa man dosa man dosa man i love the dosa man more dosas now .
last night we has dinner there the appetizers were good but not great for the main course 2 of us ordered the blackened swordfish which was recommended by the waiter and it was dry over cooked with no taste .
fantastic cheap friendly fare the dosa mans right across the street from nyu law and is always there when i need him im no dosa expert but everything he serves is really yum .
90 for two lobster rolls and 2 sides and left starving the lobster roll was by far one of the worse i have ever had but at least the side of mushrooms were good .
indian version of  crepes  friendly service too greeted by the dude and this very nice gorgeous lady very refreshing for an outdoor treat it doesnt get me full though thats why im inclined to order two the next time i come back .
no grilled fish hmmm interesting despite the name the seared grouper was okay a bit undercooked served on a bed of carrots and another veggie which were good the service was excellent good spot for a business lunch just no grilled fish .
food is worth it every bite and its very reasonably priced highly recommend it to anyone .
walked in today at 3pm seated by an uninterested waiter and ignored walked out and took my business to a place that knows how to treat a customer .
go dosa man i decided against a long elaborate review this place is an nyu community staple and  so cheap and tasty indian why only 4 stars because the dosa man likes to play with my  and not show up on certain days .
 no meat options so i was disappointed  was totally cool with it food was pretty good .
cheap and good thiru is a great guy to boot .
this places stinks literally i would not even walk past this area with my dog  not find the place to be sanitary at all  .
thiru the dosa man is the man winters a good time to go because the lines are shorter too .
we had pani puri and samosa chaat it was bad and got loose  all 4 of us .
i adore the man behind the vendor almost as much as i adore the man behind the hot dog stand on  vegan has never been so good the price here is unbeatable .
not a fan most of the food is microwaved to order i ordered a chicken pepperoni only to watch day old dried out chicken put on a sub with pepperoni and then microwaved use an oven or  please .
 it great place .
the chicken and waffles were great my friend got the cheese burger and fries the fries were soggy and the burger was a frozen patty which is unforgivable .
love this place always on point with the food .
this was no good had shrimp parm and a salad neither were any good tried my wifes chicken parm not bad but not great take a pass .
super loved it sushi was top notch a few dishes werent great but thats rare huge selection and most superb .
rude staff horrible service and mediocre food plain pie tasted like cardboard pasta overdone prices way too high for quality of food served wont be back .
lots and lots of  food at a pretty good price the decor is kind of lame and the place gets loud but there is something for everyone here .
i went here has horrible service never saw my original server i had 4 different ones and the calzones are premade what premade food okay thats it for me .
service was a little inattentive the night we went a saturday but the excellent food made up for it great for meat eaters and vegetarians alike .
place had gone down hill entrees are frozen heated up in microwave i have had half frozen dinners used to stop in than shop walmart no more .
awesome vintage beer lights are cool as well staff was super nice .
use to be good quality and taste have suffered recently wont be back .
delicious food and chill atmosphere po boys were delicious will definitely be back when i find myself in philadelphia again .
a buffet advertised until 11pm and at  theres no buffet something not right about that why advertise and not deliver severely disappointed .
best pulled pork in philly and fantastic mac cheese service at the bar is much quicker compared to seating area good beer list .
heads up there was a huge chunk of meat in my vegetarian chili also i ordered a side of guacamole and the serving was super tiny .
was there on  with my brother and i gotta say the bartenders were better than usual very professional and efficiently attentive food and music were great as usual a good time was had by all .
if you want to be treated poorly by the staff and then be  in pain all night and vomiting because you have food poisoning then burrito box is the place for you stay far away .
perfect place for amazing beer selection delicious food with a creative flair relaxed vibe with good music friendly atmosphere staff and clientele alike and enough history to peak the interest of the out of towner awesome place .
horrible food is okay but the customer service sucks guy on the phone was rude and its not worth the hassle .
positives mac and cheese pulled pork po boy sandwich biscuit mashed potato beer selection nice server portion size negatives loud fried tomatoes overall go for bbq and value .
i want to like this place they have a lot of great vegetarian options they do make you pay extra for guacamole and i did but there was so little of it easily less than a  in the whole burrito thats unacceptable burrito box unacceptable   .
the wings the wings are so good they grill them which is different from most places but they are delicious the atmosphere is cool the beer selection is great and the service was awesome will definitely be returning .
from the  of a visitor from california this place was disappointing the tacos were actually small burritos wrapped in flour tortillas and they were kind of bland .
the barbecue is unbelievably awesome the  on the brisket is intense but meat is still super tender and the pulled pork is equally as rad and order what ever frozen drink is in the machine tastiest way to blackout around .
this place wasnt that great i dont know why people are so interested in it everyone is like lets get mexican we were farting all night long im not going back .
got into philly late and needed a late dinner this place totally hit the spot great selection of beers and their bbq menu is great the bbq items are legit i thoroughly enjoyed my ribs and chicken which were  to perfection .
im from california so no just no the burrito was i just cant if dennys made a burrito ill stop right there i mean if your from nyc youll probably love this place dont let me stop you .
i absolutely love khyber lowkey atmosphere reasonable prices and fabulous food their pulled pork sandwich is amazing they also make a mean cocktail would absolutely recommend it and cant wait to go back .
wayyy overrated if youre looking for authentic mexican food this is not the place their  are huge but  of mostly rice and beans i ordered the steak burrito and the meat was so chewy it was almost inedible .
had a wonderful lunch of fried green tomatoes and vegan  excellent nice beer selection and great vibe staff was super friendly and attentive the tunes were easy on the ears definitely will go back .
shocked at all of the good reviews because the burrito here is really lacking the steak in my burrito was chewy and lacking in seasoning the amount of sour cream was  and they charge close to 10 wont be back .
awesome food great vegan selections im not great service great beer list .
the food is bland and overpriced and its always too packed during lunch two stars for vegan options though .
awesome find great beer pulled pork sandwich was delicious oh and  was playing on the tv so how could this not be an amazing bar .
seriously 47 minutes to deliver food and youve halved the portions of the quesadilla but charge the same now i cant split my lunch with my coworker bc its too little food boo to you burrito box .
you would never guess from the outside this place had some of the most legit bbq and southern cooking highlights are brunch grilled wings collards half chicken and a thoughtful draft selection .
an  burrito but not the most flavorful decent lunch spot still not the greatest burrito ive ever had though .
awesome neighborhood dive serving grub till 1 am we love that only thing is the bathrooms are in an odd spot other then that this places rocks and plays great music too .
ill get zero star to their sanitation there were two huge flies flying around the counter and stood on the milk bottles for a few minutes i dont think ill ever get coffee there even it tastes good .
their beer selection is excellent and their food was suprisingly good considering the appearance as more of a bar than a restaurant bartenders were very knowledgable and friendly i didnt see scott  there so i know the place was cool .
i stopped by for a cappuccino because the cafe where i barista uses the same counter culture beans and its good stuff unfortunately the espresso in my drink tasted  and the whole thing was very meh cool looking space though .
great vegan pulled pork is really good po boys are good specials are good never been here by myself but this seem like a good place for it my friends from new orleans said the food here is pretty  coming to if youre veg for sure .
disappointing from service to food soggy pizza and expected much more from 15 burger wont go back .
great beer list great staff and some damn fine food pulled pork nachos that is all folks .
highly overrated and overpriced restaurant with rude servers late service and cold dishes the dishes are creative but highly overpriced and a 20 mandatory gratuity on restaurant com coupons ensures that servers dont care two  about the patrons at 50 per person  charge you expect better .
fried oysters made my tummy smile fried green tomatoes were good but could have been cooked a little longer and enough boudin balls to share with three people i wish i had found this pub sooner .
used to like this place left a glowing review now delivery arrives cold and the drivers start yelling at you when they get lost guess im going back to  .
an old city hidden gem great po boys shrimp and oysters is my fave and great burgers as well the macaroni side dish here is out of this world .
after going here over 10 times and spending over 50 each time the owner chose not to honor a free appetizer at lunch time because it was valentines day for a big 5 bucks he has lost my business for good .
khyber def has its own character i like the atmosphere draft beer and the kitchen is open till 1am hehe .
tried to go here for my birthday and it was closed we came within posted hours and the open sign and lights were still on they just had the doors locked huge bummer .
as far as pubs go in philly this has to be one of the best a great tap list fantastic food and one of the best eclectic background music ive yet to hear in a pub .
the deliver boy cant find the address and blame on the orderer i dont think this is a reasonable excuse to say shit in front of the orderer maybe you guys should rethink who you guys should trust to deliver .
fantastic beer selection and great drink menu the food i would said is on par but could use a bit something they dont tend to do large groups but they accommodated at least 14 of us definitely would return .
loved this place until we got sick my colleagues and i usually eat here once a week and all three of us had food poisoning last week unfortunately we wont be eating here anymore .
i love the khyber there selection of vegan options are amazing you have to try the po boy and wash it down with as many heady beers as you can handle my favorite spot in old city if you havent been then go .
average food for the young crowd that doesnt know better  packed on weekends and seriously you can get this food at any respectable dinner or breakfast place anywhere no oatmeal no low calorie options almost everything is served with lots of sweets enjoy and  only .
went in for a drink and dessert thoroughly satisfied we each tried a different dessert and all were delicious service was great and the atmosphere is chill and homey .
apparently a restaurant which is in the business of making food was too busy to make food when 2 pregnant women ask for a  order after a sitdown dinner very interesting .
nice craft beer selection a great shrimp po boy and stellar mac and cheese i had a bite of my friends pulled pork sandwich and it was very good but the slaw was mayonnaise based not vinegar which was a  .
horrible service we waited 30 minutes for just a coffee then waited another 45 minutes for the waitress to tell us out order was almost ready needless to say we walked out some manners need to be  into this place asap we wont be back .
this place has been around for a very long time its a solid choice everyone should try brunch here once before they die .
service is not good servers were nice but not really concerned with 40 minute pankcakes food was mediocre .
nice beer selection good decor try their bacon popcorn .
drink order wrong multiple times in same sitting and had to wait 15 minutes in between each one waitress nor management seemed to care .
best oyster poboy ive had outside of new orleans boudin balls bacon grease popcorn onion rings are fabulous all with a great brew menu highly recommended .
update after loving cafe lift the first three times i returned yesterday morning my first weekday experience um not the same the spicy dynamic huevos  i loved so much in my review cold disappointing .
one of my favorite bars in the city foods fantastic i strongly recommend everything some of my favorites include the smokey brisket chili  bourbon bbq wings nachos with pulled pork and the po boy sandwiches .
their burgers are bland and do not taste great shrimp tacos were terrible the sweet potato fries were so soggy that i couldnt even eat them .
not the old khyber but still a great gastro pub in old city to grab a craft beer and some great food theyre fried chicken is awesome .
horrible service was medicore lobster roll fell apart the fried shrimp ordered by my other half was more bread then shrimp and greasy we both spent today in the bathroom world never go back .
great place for after dinner drinks similar to royal tavern im pretty sure they have the same owners huge and great beer selection and the bartenders are really attentive and nice .
these people must be getting there  to give these reviews this is not even close to the best burger ive ever had and the service is  .
beer selection is great atmosphere is very cool we enjoyed the jukebox at the bar great place for those of us who prefer a bar over a club or lounge .
food is great but the service is terrible save yourself the aggravation and order the food as takeout dont bother dining in .
best bbq and mac n cheese around ok service pretty extensive beer menu best drunk  meal after a night of drinking in old city oh  .
one of the nastiest and greasiest pizzas that i ever had stay away .
i was creeped out at first to eat here but always had a great meal .
i had to change my review because unfortunately these guys have gone way downhill apparently the business was sold from italians to middle eastern folks who seem to have screwed up the recipe not going back there anymore .
food is awesome bbq brisket was great fresh horseradish is a great touch beers were awesome great place for food and beer if i lived in philly this is my regular place hands down bartender and staff are equally great at bar and tables .
pizza and mozzarella sticks were very good ordered ranch wings and mild wings both were hot enough to make our lips  very disappointed dont know if we will order from here again .
this place is a dark hole in the wall and i love it they had a decent beer selection and pretty good service we didnt eat here at all .
diff owners and pizza makers did this just happen garlic knots tough and chewy grandpa pizza crust hard and brittle sauce definitely not as good ok pizza if you havent had the old owners pizza but not worth the drive across town anymore where did the brothers go .
bacon grease popcorn nuff said .
terrible service im pretty  but the delivery service here is a joke i called up and the woman on the line could barely take my order too busy talking to someone else and then they forgot about my delivery .
great beer selection constant rotation one of my favorite spots for brunch as well new orleans style menu cafe au  beignets hush puppies yum never had a bad meal there the lunch and dinner menus are delicious also definitely a place to go for drinks andor food .
came here last week with my pregnant girlfriend food was really great ordered takeout tonight and disgustingly found a cockroach in my noodles we called the restaurant and they were kind enough to comp us our next meal sadly i wont be back .
really really good stuff creole hot sausage po boy w mac and cheese for me vegetarian nachos for her would recommend all of it .
lunch special about 5 25 fried rice sauteed vegetables and shrimp quite americanized food very disappointed owner is  provincial  from china then moved to taiwan then to philly .
my favorite restaurant delicious vegan po boys i have been to  and this place is the real deal their fries and mashed potatoes vegan are amazing love the huge beer menu and basically just the entire vibe and atmosphere perfect night out spot .
mediocre food kale salad tastes like raw  ok burger horrible horrible service we had to get up and ask for the stuff we needed save your dollars and go elsewhere .
grub so very good beer menu so very big i dream of beignets .
overpriced and overrated there are much better options in the area the food is decent at best .
not surprised the same people who own the royal tavern would have another killer gastropub the food here rocks seriously get the bbq platter with biscuits mac and cheese was insane everything actually was awesome .
racist racist bartenders and servers honestly dont know why any people of color patronize this bar .
khyber pass pub offers some great  bar food and new orleans staples  catfish po boys shrimp po boys collard greens and fried okra are all really good brunch has some unique items boudin and eggs bananas foster french toast bbq hash try the creole bloody mary .
this place misses the mark on the chorizo bocadillo bread is thick and there is not much chorizo or cheese let down especially for 8 50 .
this is a 4  very good stuff reasonable prices  and  po boy rivals parkway brothers the bread on it was actually the biggest let down surprising in such a bread strong city ill def be coming back .
really not worth the wait .
i had another great little meal here the server leslie is awesome she recommended a great light beer for me my friend and i ordered dessert beignets which were so delicious ive never had a bad experience or a bad meal here .
this place gives me diarrhea but the bathroom is cool .
i really loved this place good atmosphere though a bit loud loved there huge selection of craft beers was disappointed with their pulled pork i recommend the po boy sandwich and the nugget  and the grumpy monk .
food is  presented but not actually that tasty and our waitress was kinda clueless and we had to wait forever for some of our food .
great spot they always have a good variety of beers available on tap and the food is delicious i could go for a solid beer with a fried green tomato blt any day of the week .
this place is really frustrating i think it could be great but i find the food just mediocre which such a good location jane is a disappointment .
yum my husband is from the south so we love to try bbq wherever we go bbq brisket sandwich melts in your mouth and the sweet potato fries were the perfect compliment great beer selection casual low key dining .
this place used to be so good but the prices increased and the menu changed for the worse .
we only stopped in for a couple drinks on our way to somewhere else so we didnt eat the beer selection was great and the bartender was knowledgeable and friendly it was a great place to relax and enjoy a beer after work definitely want to go again .
dinner here was ok but tastes were bland and uninteresting all in all a little too expensive for what you get .
nice atmosphere good place to have dinner or drinks with a few friends vegan pulled pork was not superb but pretty ok .
cannot go wrong with any of the  steak and eggs suck bellini was terrible no puree peaches service was incredible slow unlikely to come back .
really really great   collards and mac and cheese and have a wide beer selection great place .
incompetent hostesses made this restaurant a very bad place to eat guest were allowed to stay way to long which pushed back reservation times clearly the management has not been properly trained .
  good i have been here just to drink eat brunch and have dinner all are approved from this southern girl its not exactly like home but pretty damn good for philly plus the khyber has always been a great hangout creole bloody suggested for brunch bam .
ambiance tacky like a  office waiting room food meh undercooked burgers  brussel sprouts okay fries waitstaff hideous actually said to me if you want something you should speak up .
these guys know bbq great food and friendly service .
the food was so meh i had the vanilla bean french toast meh it was pricey and not very flavorful the other plates looked meh dinner food with a twist if you want my suggestion stay away youre welcome .
went here for beers a few weekends ago on a night out in old city great selection and super helpful bar staff i really loved the atmosphere and laid back 20something crowd didnt get food but would definitely love to go back and try it .
this is one overpriced place for a nice relaxed brunch that is always crowded wouldnt go again since there are so many more places in the city that have better quality food better prices and shorter wait times .
food is always on point and i love how the jukebox has television richard hell and the  and joy  .
after  the reviews i was pretty disappointed with this place crowded service was fair and the food less than impressive i especially dislike when im told i have to wait 10 minutes and it turns out being half an hour .
always a good time well done it makes me feel like a dandy and a bit grimy all at once love it .
overrated .
my favorite after work spot amazing wings great beer .
i wont go again very crowded place waiters in a hurry to see you go as other customers waiting in line very salty and greasy food too much on the plate .
great beer selection awesome cajun food the cheese fries with smoked cheddar and debris gravy was excellent as were the nachos the boudin balls and the chili all in all an unpretentious bar with good food and beer in olde city cant go wrong here .
i was not impressed with jane we went on a thursday evening and the restaurant was empty the food was meh .
there are few truly great lunch places in old city philadelphia if you are looking for a sandwich this probably the best the pulled pork is absolutely amazing servers and beer list well informed and sides worth being a main attraction all their own .
we waited and hour to be seated despite having a reservation we were given 14 glass complimentary cocktail so there was a quarter effort by the restaurant to say sorry i ordered the eggs benedict it was bland and the sauce had way too much butter .
nice beer selection havent had the food yet but from what i have seen it looks delish .
jane seemed to be nice but i was there on october  and i got food poisoning from the jane burger .
delicious mac cheese great  options love the atmosphere here my waitress was very friendly .
ate here a couple times and didnt like the food got sick after eating the jane burger once .
yay for southern food best mint julep ive ever had and great atmosphere im giving it a five star even though my jumbalaya was unbelievably and  spicy not for  .
the food was great but the bellinis left something to be desired .
i love this place when i think about where id love to sit and have a great beer good vegan food and enjoy always friendly downtoearth service with charming pub ambiance this is the place i think of vegan popcorn yes please and thank you .
i would probably give it two stars but im  that it has an average of four there are so many good restaurants to go to in new york i dont know why anyone would go here boring decor and bland if not dreadful food .
my favorite bar in philly  good food great staff fun eclectic patrons lovely jukebox thanks for being one of the only  bars in philly thats more than beyond tolerable .
after ordering and waiting 45 minutes for our food our server came over and apologized told us there had been a mistake and took out his pad and started to ask us what we had ordered we said thanks but no thanks and left .
had fried  po boy that was good french fries were very good great selection of micro brews had russian imperial  and    imperial ipa both were excellent seemed a bit under staffed but friendly enough .
busy loud disappointing food is blah ordered shrimp shumai ramen and sweet chili chicken wings shumai was passable as was the ramen the wings stank skin not even close to being crispy .
vegan pulled pork i think so .
sashimi not particularly fresh or good dont order the cold soba its actually cold ramen house saki was good value for money not impressed wont return .
ohhh man i think ive found my new favorite spot vegan poboys vegan pulled pork vegan slaw and vegan dessert heaven on earth .
dont come here on a friday night theyll take over an hour to make and bring you a sushi roll .
awesome beer selection friendly and helpful service warm ambience dark upon entering but once your eyes adjust its pretty cool .
they dont always have what you want at lunch i e  spaghetti be prepared to wait during lunch food was mediocre fried karage chicken was bland could have used some sauce because all i tasted was oil noodles were average .
awesome food and wonderful service highly recommend .
food was ok but worse service ever possibly new servers im guessing but bad enough that i dont care to go back i hate bad service theres better restaurants .
solid bar and good service my first time here they were inviting and engaging and the bartender was very cool to talk to go here and enjoy yourself .
unfortunately our food really sucked the caesar salad had these gross little rubbery croutons the pizza literally had black burnt crap from the oven all over it rendering it nearly inedible positives great beer selection good service .
dear khyber i love you i will sit at your bar and drink your many beers and play on your jukebox and  your foods forever and for always  .
very strange decor and lacks ambiance the owners gave this place a very cheap reno using    decorated with fake  and poorly slapped together booths looks like a movie set weird room space the bar area is poorly  and strangely  food was ok .
long ass wait an hour to be exact but totally freakin worth it awesome bbq maybe best in the city plus they hooked us up with a round of free beers for the long wait highly recommend just maybe not on friday night lol .
i went in at lunch 4 tables were occupied i sat for 15 minutes without so much as a glance from a server i went  for lunch if this is the way they treat customers they wont be around long .
amazing food great rotating beer selection .
lacks atmosphere very much a chain restaurant decor bar leaves your back to a loud dining room pizza was just okay nothing special wings are breaded so not for a traditionalist lots of micro brews on tap mostly local brews a great place for suburbanites service was fine .
funky fun flavorful great beer list i had the bacon grease popcorn which is just awesomely fingerlicking good speaking of fingerlicking i also had the fried chicken with collard greens and smoked cheddar fries so good will return .
pizza served with a side of pretentiousness not only is the place hideous on the exterior the food the awful and the beer is gross bring back  .
a nice little pub  olde city drinks are relatively cheap 5 for vodka  the decor is fun and its crowded but not overly packed i would definitely come again the next time im in the area .
almost 4 dollars for a taco that could only feed a   are you guys serious their shakes are good however .
wandered in here with a friend and was wonderfully surprised by the excellent selection of beers on tap but the must try snack here is the bacon popcorn spicy and delicious .
tasty certainly not worth 3 27 for one mini pork asada taco expensive snack the cool thing is you can watch the lady make the tortilla and the tortilla is fresh and tasty .
enjoy this place while you can because i get the feeling its going to take off and become a very crowded destination in a short period of time the food here would make even anthony  head explode handsdown the best pub grub in philly .
we ate here yesterday and my girlfriend got food poisoning this was the only meal we didnt share i did not get sick was wondering if any one else was having this problem .
the po boys rock will be back again .
cash only food just ok .
really good po boys catfish and fried chix were both really good really good mac and cheese too .
would not let us sit at a table for drinks unless we ordered food even though the bar was totally full waitress didnt know what type of beer kolsch was or where it was from tourist trap .
 smoked beef brisket is tender and succulent and their  sandwich comes on the correct authentic bread something that gets produced in the kitchen here very laid back atmosphere and super friendly staff .
bad service a  charged name only a hipster would come up with and an environment only they would enjoy i dont care if the dog is named after it if you are used to only fresh quality ingredients you might want to avoid their sauce and cheese .
i cant remember what i ordered when i checked this spot out last month but i can remember how delicious the bacon grease popcorn was and for that i will definitely be back nice selections of beer too .
overpriced overcooked and just nasty .
i randomly stumbled upon this restaurant and am so happy i did this place is veggie friendly and oh soo good the veggie sausage sandwich was delicious along with the baked mac and cheese .
very chi chi poo poo has anyone noticed that this restaurant has gone from a bustling every table full destination to a mostly empty table eatery there is a reason .
great beer list wonderful bartenders who are friendly bacon popcorn incredible gumbo yum .
fort  your menu  vegetarian customers the monday veggie burger is a joke all vegetarians i know hate dr  home made ones are so much better thats my recommendation .
been here twice already and both have been great experiences theyve got a ton of beer on tap friendly  and good tunes great place to relax after a stressful workweek .
a fine place good beers and an imaginative retro trash menu the food is always too salty .
the khyber is my favorite place heres why 1 so many beers 2 fried green tomatoes sweet potato fries 3 lovely bartenders 4 10 minute walk from where i live 5 jukebox atmosphere dining area plus soon they will have shows upstairs .
service was rude and indifferent clientele was  i wont go back .
wow love the transformation from dive bar to gastropub the food is wonderful and a great selection for vegans the beer list is great too very nice staff and cozy space .
super overpriced and the plates are underwhelming crab is expensive yes but the quality is so not worth the price you can go to a  restaurant with local crab and get the same dish that is much more delicious and much bigger wont go back .
stopped in here to try the food after seeing a movie the staff are all really really nice and helpful the food specials and beer selection are fairly priced id definitely come back again still not the same vibe as the old khyber though .
overpriced dog food i would t feed this to my dog the crab legs are skimpy and cheap quality save your money go to  and make them yourself its that easy .
i love this place nice to have healthy fresh options love the avocado toast and if you are lucky they will have  juices at hand trying the taquitos tonight .
tasteless falafel and pickles were  great service beautiful place but really no flavour .
great little spot on the river nice outdoor seating very friendly service really light and healthy good food love the 5 taco special well be back for sure .
ordered lamb shawarma and it was awful first of all the meat was cold and the meat was not good it was over cooked but yet cold  that possible the staff was very nice but i didnt like the food and cant recommend it to anyone .
tempeh tacos were a hit not all that pretty looking but the taste was perfect i liked the range of options and will be coming back btv needed a place like this .
food is okay but too refined flavors and spices not well balanced and not blended meat in meat dishes was tough overall the quality is good enough to pass for a quick meal .
i could eat their breakfast sandwich every day for the rest of my life totally affordable everything is delicious a dream come true for someone with food restrictions of any kind .
tried the moroccan menu a couple weeks ago not good first kitchen meltdown table next to us got raw center chicken we got nothing nothing nothing then about to leave finally got our food bland and dull lets hope they get it together but i wont be back .
breakfast sandwich with eggplant bacon was amazing will definitely be back to try something else cool location on the river but very crowded inside .
used to be much better the food has lost most of its flavor hummus and falafel were very disappointing was once a regular will give them one more chance .
 was great we had the mussels and the short rib entree the mussels were  and the short ribs were tender and delicious with a yummy sauce the service was excellent this was such a surprise gem to find in newark but i would definitely recommend it .
just had one of the worst felafel sandwiches at the  stock this is not a pita wrap the pita was thin tough i was not inspired to return maybe when you have had great this does not measure up .
excellent cheesesteaks and service my motherinlaw is allergic to pepper and they cleaned their grill to accommodate us .
the food is okay but the delivery service leaves a lot to be desired we have ordered delivery twice and each time it is over an hour later than originally stated .
best steak in philly i went with the provolone and wiz my new go to spot when visitors ask for the cheese steak .
not for me dry and the pita falls apart yuck .
every time i go to philadelphia i make sure and stop here they have the best cheesesteak try it with swiss instead of  .
waaaay overrated food is typical family style large portion fare to fill you up for a decent price not bad but nothing to rave about either .
delicious .
went with a big group and had a great meal and excellent service went back with just the wife and the service wasnt as good and the meal was very mediocre 50 success rate doesnt cut it for me .
best cheesesteaks in philly hands down freshly made ribeye steaks ambrosia buns with cheesewiz .
like balthazar only not nyc but not quite they didnt quite get it but that doesnt make it bad  bistro in  is just so much better .
if youre visiting philadelphia you should definitely go here and have the classic cheesesteak its very filling and delicious .
i have no idea what happened to this place it used to be a terrific if overly  restaurant i think that there are new owners the food was overly greasy under seasoned and gross at least i have an msg headache we all feel sick .
beef steak cheese wiz onions with fries so delicious loved the bread very juicy but not so much that it was a mess sat next to the door fast and super friendly already craving another until next time philly .
food is not very fresh and the service is kind of bad .
first time in philly so of course we needed to have a cheesesteak thanks to tips on yelp we were able to avoid long lines at tourist stops i dont eat steak so was thrilled with a chicken option topped with blue cheese great meal .
liked the chicken sandwich a lot but thought the sides were kind of run of the mill if you go there try the jalapeño mashed potatoes they are pretty good all in all its a good chicken sandwich at a park slope price .
did not disappoint got the classic with cheese wiz and grilled onions awesome highly recommended .
ate breakfast there weak coffee had to send back the runny omlet to be cooked more   hash was right out of a can not fresh as the server had specifically  and service was lacking wont go back .
this place was amazing the staff was fast friendly and the philly cheese steaks were to die for we even ordered a 2nd it was so good .
food is unremarkable and overpriced the server  when i tried to plug in my laptop into the outlet who does that .
first time in philly found this place while visiting historical sites very happy we did excellent steaks fries just a short wait even right at noon cute plenty of seating my companion said the steak and fries were both so good she didnt know what to eat first .
the food is good but the service is mediocre .
pretty good cheesesteak the beef was really what made this one shine if i could take the beef from this place and the sesame bread from johns roast pork you would have the perfect cheesesteak .
not so good my chefs special 4 chicken wrap with red peppers and  was too drenched in that sauce and there was too much chicken inside it the fries seemed kind of old too not so good .
food was good seating was a little tough to get but overall the experience was good its worth giving a shot .
waited an hour to get our food and it was room temperature an 18 burger should at least be heated before being served if i want a delicious mushroom burger ill go down the street to shake shack where at least the quality is consistent .
great steak wit compares to pats on passyunk a little bit nicer people if you dont know exactly what you want they dont soup nazi you on to the back of the line not a lot of seating so be prepared to wait or share a table .
its vegan dont be fooled by the big burger in front .
came from california to get a cheesesteak from philly this place was really good if your from out of town definitely stop here .
this is great idea with a terrible business plan the food is good but the prices are  a hamburger without bread and any sides for 10 .
best cheesesteak ever pats and genos cant hold a candle to this place they are big meaty cheesy and perfect this place also has okay customer service real cheez wiz i dont know what else to say great place .
nice  although quite small but the house made soda was too sweet the fries were completely soggy and the service was extra slow wont come back .
best philly cheese steak sandwich ever we have visited philadelphia twice and stopped by both times we have yet to be disappointed great sandwiches perfect place for a quick bite when you only care about the food and not the ambience .
expensive menu for what i ordered 10 for a flatbread 3 for a shot of almond milk for my coffee and 6 for french fries lovely decor inside though .
yummmm  had provolone onion i went for the wiz mmmm i will crave this for life .
the food was okay we had lunch here and it came to be 50 i think its a bit pricey the burgers werent even that good .
long wait but soooo worth it cheesesteak and adding bacon awesome a great gem near the liberty bell have cash ready and some patience .
i been here twice in one year and there is significant difference in price and quality of food definitely not returning here again .
my fav cheesesteak spot not to chewy compared to pats or greasy the line can get long but there is a reason why its damn tasty .
this place is terrible we went here for dinner during philly beer week the food was terrible the service was terrible and the bathrooms were appalling seriously im not a food snob in any sense and this place was awful .
this meat beats mine i wish i was kidding lol .
the food was just average but the service was not only slow it was outright rude i am not going back for sure .
sonnys delivers on great philly cheesesteaks and the fries are amazing fun and friendly service just a short walk from  hall im not easy to please but this place impresses .
one of my colleagues loves this place so i have suffered through many a lunch the service is always horrible the food is gross and its always more expensive then it should be and its hot inside .
a great place to get a classic cheesesteak not many menu options but you dont need too many in a place like this yum .
average burger for an above average price .
the cheese steak is fine 4th star for the freshly cut meat right in front of your eyes you can definitely taste it the line at 230 pm on a friday afternoon was around 25 minutes they do take cc and are nice catering to tourist questions .
really cool space not sure why i like it so much but i do really mediocre bbq really mediocre service .
 i had an original it was a religious experience i want another one now seriously it was  amazing and worth the wait in line for this  boy looking for a real philly cheese steak .
i enjoy their food for brunch but someone needs to  me right now and change their delivery status this very second they only deliver in a four block radius what kind of bullshit is that i want a veggie burger and cornbread .
im not a traditional cheese steak fan cant speak to that but i cant live without sonnys cheese steak hoagie with provolone .
food was good but owner spoke to us with such disrespect that it will be a long time before i go back he was arrogant rude and unbelievably nasty .
best fries and good service workers are nice and one of the best places to get a philly steak could be better but overall was really tasty and the bread went nice with the steak .
see no posting from the management to my review as i said they only like to reply to positive reviews .
fresh everything our all around favorite nothing fancy just great cheesesteak .
decent food that is healthy the whole duck is hard to eat its not carved and a bit dry .
believe the hype this is as good as a cheesesteak can get i went with onions whiz and american cheese which added to the delicious melty factor were all looking for perfect balance of soft yet chewy bread fresh high quality ribeye and cheese awesome .
good breads mostly known as a place you can see   and other hollywood  basically just a box dropped in the middle of the  noisy as hell at  .
very little seating highly recommended by the locals the cheesesteak with the traditional cheez whiz was delicious the whole family liked it even though half of us had to stand .
ive experienced better for a  of the cost .
amazing quality meat and soft bread with hot peppers and onions wish we were staying in philly longer just so i could come back to this place .
went during restaurant week and was not impressed with the service maybe it is because we didnt order alcohol not at all impressed with that food was good octopus appetizer was spectacular beautiful place .
classic with fries and a drink do it .
quoted  for a table after 45 mins we gave up staff was good management was full of excuses my advice less cologne there buddy .
my first ever cheesesteak so not sure exactly what  a good cheesesteak sonnys was delish soft bun tons of meat  cheese quick service id go back again .
not impressed i got the thai chicken wrap and waffle fries she got the sliced london  and mashed potatoes she added salt which she never does but if you are in the mood for an apple crisp this is the place to go .
had the cheesesteak hoagie and onion rings all i can say is that both were awesome place was a mix of locals and tourists .
food was boring and slightly overpriced and service was  sure the patio is great and all but quality food should be any restaurants main  not outdoor dining .
the cheesesteaks are good albeit a bit small they are far superior to campos but not quite at the level of steves the fries are tasty but far too salty my rankings thus far steves 10 tony luke 9 genos 8 pats 7 campos 4 .
went for valentines day we had a limited menu that had the price jacked up a good 20 not impressed the food was not worth the base price let alone the added premium will not be back .
from california and after eating here i bought a second sub the best philly cheesestake .
yawn build your own crepe anyone .
oh yea good stuff philly cheese steak in philly sonnys .
great crepes bad experience   without warrant loosen up   youre an upscale ihop learn from the greek myth of  its fine to be beautiful just not at the cost of great  .
i must say that i was thoroughly impressed with my meal definitely glad we decided to stop here instead go going to pats or genos if i ever came back to pa then i would definitely stop here again yummy .
someone hacked my prior review this place is not good poor quality sushi decor is decent and wait staff is nice but the sushi is cheap and tastes cheap im guessing someone  with the restaurant hacked my prior review .
we were sent here by a local recommendation glad we went it was tasty fast and clean even the restrooms .
small plates and very little amount of potato there is so many places with bigger plates better prices and definitely nicer area do not through your money in this place while you are living or visiting brooklyn .
worth the wait we had two types in our group the classic with onions and whiz and the other with onions and provolone the whiz won in our group .
the owner is a  rudely informed me the diet coke i walked in with wasnt permitted even though i ordered plenty of food avoid .
whatever happened the last time i was here was corrected the meat was tender and tasty the wait was short and i was very impressed .
cold pizza wrong toppings order from here after a really long wait 1 14 hours vs 45 minutes i was told they delivered the wrong pizza charging us 5 more for toppings they didnt deliver skip it they dont care at all .
solid philly cheese sandwich ordered a traditional sonnys  and another  both were very good kids ordered bacon cheeseburger grilled cheese choice of two cheeses cheese and regular fries and an onion ring everyone was happy and satisfied with selection .
wrong pizza delivered after waiting over an hour for the delivery dont bother ordering from here .
its really good above average cheesesteak chewy and soft bread very cheesy and wellcooked beef this place is different from other cheesesteak places because of their bread its more fresh than the other places .
the service was fine the drinks were ok but the food was terrible the taste was mediocre but i ordered the rabbit ravioli and got the full plate and it came with 8 raviolis for 26 come to this place for drinks do not come for dinner .
sonnys steaks are great very cheese fresh made right when you order i had the classic cheese steak w cheese wiz and cheese fries place is small and clean friendly staff .
cool atmosphere being in an old train station but i feel as if they are trying to hard have too much going on with menu and drink selections not too far off base just a little i thought the food was just ok and somewhat expensive for location .
my favorite cheesesteak in  brought a friend here on a work trip and he  ordered a cheesesteak with mozzarella despite my  the staff did not string him up by his ears for a public  which my friend appreciated .
was there twice in the past month the first time with friends it was great the second time it was just the wife and i and the service was slow and the food was just ok for those type of prices they need to be more consistent .
got a philly with cheese wiz may not sound appetizing but buddy it was some  gooey deliciousness .
over priced  awkward give this a few months before they board up the windows .
quiet lil cheese steak joint nestled under the fluffy  of old city best cheese steak in philly hands down you cant beat our meat .
i probably wont be returning here i loved the atmosphere but the food was overpriced and just okay the bisque lacked salt and flavor .
fast friendly service sandwich was the bomb  nice and clean and we could actually sit down and eat chill music and we will come back on our next trip to philly .
lousy thats it just lousy .
sonnys has my vote for best cheese steak in the city consistently awesome gets real busy though be prepared to wait a bit for your food .
the pizza was unbelievably salty no one could eat it in our family i had to drink so much water afterwards the only good part was that the guy at the counter was really nice but thats about it .
 thats a great philly cheesesteak fries were good too great little spot will take all my tourist visitors right to sonnys for the authentic cheesesteak experience .
we were visiting friends and did takeout one night was not expecting much and that is what we got food was just average generally and some dishes were very bland others way too salty .
i had mine with onions and cheez wiz amazing .
this is just terrible americanized chinese food every dish tastes the same if you like salt and  and dislike subtle flavors in your food this might be the place for you that said its still chinese food so you know it will be decent at least .
the best cheesesteak in philly hands down they dont deliver though despite what yelp says .
the pizza here doesnt taste good very thin and very greasy and too saucy i live close by and order from them only when i have no other choice .
the lady behind the counter is a doll the food is fresh and the soda is bubbly i recommend sonnys to anyone in the historic district .
just had  late night we both had focaccia not that good it came out of the oven cold wasnt as good as it used to be .
best place to get a cheesesteak on market street the staff was friendly and got my food out fast even though it was busy the steak was very flavorful and juicy this place is expensive but worth it .
when i was there it was very loud the sicilian pizza was not what i had expected at all on the plus side there was plenty of seats available .
small quiet place great cheesesteak there was only one employee there when we went and he was very friendly definitely the best cheesesteak we had while in philly only down side not the cleanest place .
meh its cute server was nice those are the stars food is overpriced considering the portions are minuscule 20 for the tiniest plate of pasta ever set before you the meal itself is nothing special youre better off going elsewhere .
sonnys was great just what a philly cheese steak should be service was fast place was clean and the cheese steak with cheese wiz was perfect we also tried the cheese fries and onion rings which were good also cheese wiz over provolone hands down .
welcoming spot with friendly service and lots of potential but rather  food steak barely warm and too chewy pork belly dry very dry im italian born and raised so i know im a tough judge for italian food sorry but these two dishes were very forgettable .
we had our first official philly cheesesteak here and it was a great experience the place was full of locals and a few  so we had high hopes we went for the cheesesteak with wiz salty gooey delicious .
honestly theyve screwed me too many times now with  food or just stupidly complicated recipes that look pretty and taste poorly used to be cool no longer .
tasty and great friendly staff delicious philly sandwiches .
just stopped in the bar good selection of bottled beer not much on tap service seem a bit disinterested .
good solid cheesesteaks thats all they do unlike campos a few doors over but they do it well if youre trying to decide between the two go to sonnys no contest its touristy prices but thats to be expected given the locale .
went for the hot dogs because ny magazine said they were the best in the city ny magazine should fire whoever wrote that the hot dogs are easily the worse in nyc .
absolutly recommend for get the famous philly steak the meat was very good but please sit outside the street deserves to be seated outside .
cool ambience but 11 for half beers seriously even though they were delicious thats pretty harsh food was ok but our meal ended up costing a fortune and still left us  .
menu only has about 4 options so its not a hard choice and the cheesesteak was the best i have had so far .
beers are so overpriced food is lackluster clientele is douchey theres a cute backyard but its always so crowded why bother ive tried this place three times and i really wanted to like it as its right near my house and should be cute instead its just lame .
the inside of this place is not attractive better for takeout prices are what you expect for the location add stuff to your steak will drive up the price on the weekend i would recommend coming around 130 am before the barsclubs close at 2 .
12 for a cuban that has about  of pulled pork and 1 slice of ham  look at the picture i posted .
great cheesesteaks very generous with peppers and onions fast no  service dont forget to add a cherry pepper .
not what it used to be quality has gone downhill since new ownership a couple years ago .
good food and service .
my second time here and i think it will be my last buffet style food looks like it been there for over 12 hours i came with friends i was excited walking in leaving disappointed .
ok if you are in philly and you want the authentic cheesesteak sandwich this is the place to go it was recommended by a local and they were too right the fries are to die for and you can tell it is the place where the locals go .
our waiter  gave himself a 15 gratuity despite the bad service he personally provided this man ignored the 2 of us never smiled and never offered to clean our table i would recommend avoiding this place based on service .
great philly cheesesteak though coming from california my knowledge of what constitutes an excellent pc is limited great fries too .
never going back to this place .
very good and tasty best cheesesteak ive had while i was visiting philly please open a shop in hawaii .
meats were great buffet could have had more variety ive had better nice waiter but he wouldnt let us take home meat we hadnt finished annoying .
best cheese fries in old city staff is really friendly too .
underwhelming the hostess looked like a  in headlights took forever to get our food and steak tips were super fatty wont be coming back too many other good restaurants in town .
came here for philly cheesesteak based on our  recommendation this place did not disappoint .
only thing good is the beer .
a haiku review bucket o   it on nice and thick cheesesteak so tasty .
the service is friendly and its a nice looking place but the food is horrendous its not good quality the sauces are inappropriate for the dishes and the dishes are not interesting .
great place and great food the cheese steak was fabulous they were super friendly and gave us extra bread for our picky 4  .
they dont make their own products a true french bakery would be ashamed of the quality of le  parisien all of the baked goods are purchased and sold in store this is just not right  and montclair bakery at least make their own items homemade .
good but not the greatest it sure is original but not many options .
macaroons kinda pricy for its quality coffee selection not too big service ignoring customers .
so so amazing my dad used to live next door to this place and i would eat there all the time when i visited i miss it so much .
stopped in for an espresso turns out they use those plastic  style  instead of a legit espresso machine bummer espresso was weak if you are a european style cafe charging  prices you have to serve a legit espresso .
my first cheeseteak loved the  of the whiz .
i tried 5 different flavors and didnt love any of them the cafe is cute and the staff was friendly but that didnt make up for the lack of flavor and disappointment i felt over my macarons .
philly cheese steaks were pretty good the steak is incredibly tender and mixed with the cheese is enough to satisfy any appetite .
too sugary too sweet went on a 5pm afternoon the macaroons were slightly hard like bread not soft at all the fillings tasted like i was eating a bowl of sugar .
get a wiz wit amazing .
a bit too bright for my tastes .
was in town from new york and dropped into this place quick and delicious i had the philly with wiz and i  up the  cheezy oniony juices with my fresh crispy fries im coming back for sure .
we ordered a couple of dishes including a mutton biriyani the mutton in the biriyani was horrible it was so damn rubbery that we simply didnt eat more than a bite the furniture looks horrible they probably got it from a dumpster .
this place was a  as it was one of the few places open late on a saturday night the bread was soft wiz plentiful without being messy and the meat was tender their onion rings are pretty good too .
  without  rice and so dry and  the raita was so think too really i hated it .
we were visiting philly and sonnys was recommended by our concierge incredible cheesesteak sandwiches and fries both reasonably priced will def visit again .
terrible service mediocre food at best friend has wheat allergy told waiter what does he  with wheat goat kabob was tasteless ordered soup which never arrived had to request plates overcharged us on check stay away .
im on a diet now and i have to constantly fight off walking down the block and getting a cheesesteak from this place damn they make good ones here im pretty sure i dont know of a better cheesesteak in old city .
went here with a few friends definitely not our scene caters to a young crowd the drink selections are decent but the apps we shared were ok at best small and noisy place .
good meat ive only had the cheesesteak here but they have good steak the sandwich isnt  humongous so thats nice and the staff is awesome this is the place i always suggest to visitors cash only though .
9 11 for draft beers on a weekday during happy hour get out of here much better prices for craft brew in the area .
three words best cheesesteaks ever .
why such high reviews my chicken burrito was bland with too much sauce that was just dripping wasnt even really warm either never again .
super friendly and helpful staff made for a wonderful experience at the suggestion of the cashier we ordered cheesesteaks with onions cheese whiz and mushrooms it was tasty and satisfying after a long day of walking in the cold .
so disappointed terrible service at the bar there was one other person and felt like i was getting the attention of a bartender 3 deep guac  and cocktails were not worth it boo starr never again .
why do i pick this place over some of the popular tourist places the meat are tender and not chopped to   pieces and get this the wiz were plenty and  gooey not watery the services were extremely awesome .
food was terrible when we comment on the pork having to much fat the waiter said this is a characteristic of the dish we had travel all the way from south jersey to this terrible place .
my 1 cheesesteak place puts pats genos jims steves and tony lukes to shame staff is a food is a .
the food was okay the wine list by the glass pretty poor and the service fair at best .
surprisingly great food obviously fresh made with care great small plate fare meats cheeses etc grab a flight of wine for a nice variation with your meal .
this was the  restaurant i have ever eaten in in 55 years the food was delicious enough said .
food was great ambiance was very romantic will definitely visit again .
crap food skirt steak was burnt dry and chewy for 30 this place is a rip off .
went there last night after being turned away at several other restaurants in the area the place is much bigger than it looks service was fast place was nice and staff were helpful the food was good the tiramisu was awesome .
whats the hype about so mediocre it isnt even funny i want the 2 hours of my life i spent here back unimpressive .
uva is a great place for a first date the atmosphere is extremely romantic for a more detailed review please click the link below   … .
one word overrated just expected a lot more from this place i dont have specifics because i cant even remember i went almost a year ago but this place is not memorable .
romantic .
i recently took my hottie here for dinner and it was not good what happened is only rice n beans .
food is absolutely amazing every single dish was just great the decor is beautiful and the staff are really really nice i will definitely be back here very soon .
waited and waited for a reservation and was so disappointed even the flan was just so so mojitos were excellent i guess thats something .
love this place but need to review the strawberry pancakes i dont even like pancakes but these things are the best thing in life i crave them daily amazing the other food and drinks are too but do yourself a favor and try the pancakes yum .
meh over rated wait staff is weird and kept saying thank you after every thing i said a thank you did not belong in the conversation bread is good though .
excellent food and excellent service the antipasto was the best ive had in the city loss of 1 star due to the 50 minute wait we were promised 30 min i would definitely go back but will probably go late evening to avoid the crowds .
how does this man continue to get business the food is either so bland or over seasoned its scary .
very good for brunch .
slow service boring menu average food dull dining room im really struggling to understand the hype here the two stars are solely for the burger which my meat obsessed husband said was one of the best hes had ever other than that meh .
this place has great food and great ambiance perfect for catching up with friends or a date night .
we had a christmas party  loud  area typical 3 course meal nothing spectacular to note in the review other than meh p .
great little wine bar happy hour features a nice pour and a choice of appetizer included very friendly bar staff .
place is not worth all the hype .
i took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner and we loved it the food was fresh and flavorful the service was great and the ambiance was romantic it was a bit noisy inside but thats honestly my only complaint well be back there soon .
waited at the bar with my friend for at least 10 minutes there were 4 bar tenders and no one acknowledged us we were going to have dinner but ended up leaving and going to  on the corner which was brilliant .
the food and ambiance were great i definitely recommend the pizza style bread for starters .
good service but very mediocre food i found a disgusting chunk of lamb tendon in my meal they should really serve better quality meat to their customers .
mushroom ravioli was really great fair prices for the city ill be back .
overrated great service but lackluster food more of a place to impress outoftown business clients not really a romantic place .
enjoyed the meal the company and the service not a perfect 10 but my salmon was very good in a delicious sauce with asparagus id eat here again .
yesterday it was reported by many that the  most popular restaurant gramercy tavern didnt do so well on their last  department inspection they scored 35 points for violations like live roaches and flies which falls in to c grade territory .
nice italian restaurant with good bread i had the ravioli which was  good but surprisingly enjoyed the   the most go figure .
roaches and flies sanitation grade c .
my first restaurant in nyc amazing place excellent food and service not pricey at all its a good place to go with friends and get a good meal and take a good wine i really recommend this place .
overrated overpriced food service and ambience are great but the food including deserts is nothing to rave over considering all the hype surrounding this place i wasnt particularly impressed .
had my birthday brunch there food was great and the atmosphere was very nice especially on the outside covered terrace the waitress was a bit clumsy but did not spoil the experience keep in mind that brunch special portions are way too big so might consider sharing .
overrated .
delicious been here many times before for just drinks but had dinner tonight amazing dessert also amazing will return .
there is also a version of this cart along with many many other carts at yale medical  new haven hospital at cedar and york this cart used to be excellent but now weve found hair in our food twice i would recommend thai awesome instead .
highly recommend this place for a romantic date or just a quick dinner always packed but they take reservations my favorite italian restaurant in ues .
absolutely disgusting ordered the roasted chicken with rice and string beans i got  rice a slop of canned string beans with some tomato sauce and dried up chicken even after i specifically stated no tomato sauce it left a lot to be desired never going back .
go for meatball monday you get an appetizer entree dessert all in meatball style with a glass of wine for 31 absolutely incredible .
five second review good food really bad and slow service i might have to think twice if i ever want to come here again the staff need to get their act together and get on the same page .
my favorite date place delicious plenty of choices even for super picky eaters great wine selection great service and reasonable prices i couldnt ask for anything better i just keep on going back .
worst greek place the  was dry the place was a rip off .
wonderful restaurant food is creative and delicious and the service excellent dont miss it .
overpriced no desserts lamb platter was hard as rock you are pretty much  for the good tasting pita bread and fries .
perfect date night spot make sure you request the garden area all the way to the back do not leave without the ricotta and honey app it seriously is to  for .
pork was very tough but the fries were good .
nice well done smart menu based on high quality ingredients superb atmosphere service fast and appropriate will come back for sure .
do not order from grubhub my order never came and when i called they said the fax machine was busy .
great date spot nice wines upscale much better than any of the competitors on the ues  family does it again .
1 star for service 3 for food their delivery takes forever and is incompetent save yourself the grief and try the  other chinese restaurants within a  radius .
cozy italian restaurant with terrific food and a great wine list not too pricey good vibe in the restaurant as a result of low lighting and eclectic decorating .
shame on mei gave them another shot at delivery after one not great experience and ive been waiting for an hour and 40 minutes i called to check and i got an im sorry but that was it not worth the wait .
very small and always crowded but worth the tight squeeze btw the tables this was my second time dinning here and it was better than i remember it being the service is top quality and so is the food great italian cuisine option on the ues .
im  by the glowing reviews i was craving some hot soup and ordered the  vegetarian wonton soup it was lukewarm and the wonton filling was mainly minced celery edible but nothing ill ever eat again .
i went there with my friend it was 2nd visit we asked them to pick some dishes up for us all of  are very good i love veal  make a reservation is better .
the most bland chicken and broccoli ive ever had .
you cant go wrong with a dish ive tried almost everything and i cant pick my favorite .
food was nasty ordered 2 chicken wings one less salty and one spicy and both came just regular  stuck on the fried wing yuck lots of chicken hairs not picked out here and there oil dripping from the  shrimp .
very large wine selection knowledgeable staff reasonably priced romantic atmosphere great date spot .
i dont care how the food tastes it takes more than an hour and a half to get take out on a sunday night not ok never ever again .
consistently excellent knowledgeable bar cozy but lively atmosphere truffled gnocchi is  .
stiff runny eggs with no fluff to them few options and overpriced broccoli rabe was weirdly spicy and i normally like spicy foods .
delicious food great lambrusco if you are into that and a beautiful back patio its a no fail i will definitely be back .
food was mediocre but price was offensive for  quality food i found it obscene that they charged 8 for bread 3  of bean spreads and butter we got a rabbit salad shrimp in  mousse eggplant ravioli and a couple other unmemorable dishes cocktails was decent .
the price is reasonable the vibe is cool the service is phenomenal and the gnocchi is unbelievable this was by far one of the best restaurant experiences i have had in new york .
food was good room was ok nothing spectacular  reservation not seated until 1015 most of the menu was sold out .
walked by it a million times went there for late dinner with friends had meatball sliders pasta salami short ribs and something else quality was great so was ambiance definitely going back .
i used to think this was the best pizza in the city but of late it hasnt been so good they seem more interested in chatting amongst themselves than not burning the pizza come on guys step up your game .
food wine patio service ambiance and prices loved it all and look forward to a return visit .
i tried this when the last time i visited new york and i wanted to like it so bad because ive heard rave reviews but i think its just not my cup of tea its just overly creamy for me and not much artichoke .
great food have tried many things on the menu and each one of them is really good service can be a little slow but the food is worth the wait .
came back and tried their artichoke pizza it tastes like cream of spinach soup smeared onto a crispy pita .
great bar great sliced meats and cheeses and a delicious flatbread with truffle oil that shouldnt be missed we shared a  parm and a pasta with meatballs off the hook good very nice place make sure you get a reservation gets busy .
the delivery guy is drunk somewhere i ordered pizza since four hours a go and everytime i called the lady said it should be there any minute this pizza place is  up .
love the  good food .
stopped in with my boyfriend late at night there was not much of a line had the famous artichoke slice super expensive and looks a lot better than it tasted it was just a creamy salty mess not worth the  calories .
love uva delish .
extremely rude wait staff spending 20 on pizza does not get you a place to eat your food in this place so be prepared to sit on the sidewalk .
cute decor friendly staff got the dishes to share and all three were pretty good pretty decent size wine selection too .
place is absolutely disgusting the pizza was all burned and over  the establishment is tiny with barely any room to eat the drinks werent kept cold either i stick to lbs in brooklyn any day now thats real pizza .
very good rustic interior we have gone several times and have enjoyed it each time .
and thats when you know that americans know nothing about what a good pizza should taste like pretty embarrassing .
just perfect in every way food service wine gnocchi paperdelle yum .
the pizza itself is alright its the staff that needs work whats with the awful attitudes youre not doing me a favor there are a million other pizza places in this neighborhood cheer up guys life doesnt suck that bad .
pretty damn amazing food was delicious and extremely authentic will definitely go back .
worse pizza ever ordered online at 2 am and delivered after 2 hours taste so bad and so oily .
good date spot gets crowded between  go for the wine i only ate a few apps they were ok will try a proper sit down dinner next time .
greasy sloppy mess and they dont even let you sit at the dining room next door after we ordered 5 slices and two beers not coming back  ever .
this is my go to place for birthdays the atmosphere is rustic yet elegant and the wait staff have always been kind and attentive my favorites are the pappardelle al ragu so delicious definitely a favorite .
grade pending seriously and cash only very sketchy if you ask me dont bother theres 1 pizza with grade a .
the gnocchi di ricotta is to die for the place is beautiful one of my favorite spots in nyc .
i used to go but no longer do pizza is too oil and greasy this is not worth the price and waiting in line use your hands without  to touch the pizza seriously .
perfect for what we were looking for excellent service gnocchi was too die for i will never forget how rich and delicious it was husband had the duck dish excellent as well would love to come back on our next nyc trip .
i was incredibly underwhelmed by artichoke pizza it was greasy expensive and too cheesy i think the popularity  solely from the fact that this place is a goto for inebriated persons .
ive  here since  this place is the best incredible staff food atmosphere no need to review since this is a fantastic place to eat drink everything is perfect .
easily the worst pizza in nyc two stars because its open late .
great place to go for brunch and dinner they have a lovely terrace in the back and the food is great .
not the ny style pizza i was looking for disappointed im from ny but have a particular ny style i prefer and this didnt fit the bill .
still a solid 4 stars great place not blown away but have kept coming back here again and again and that says a lot in a city where you can go years without going to the same place twice got mozzarella and gnocchi this time fantastic .
artichoke has tasty pizza but my god we just ordered one before 3 am and received a cold ass pizza at  am sober  sad change your hours if youre just going to send your last pizza at closing like a bunch of  .
terrific ambience exactly the kind of place i was looking for for a nontouristy late night food wine in new york experience the gnocchi  are their best dishes in my opinion .
although pizza was good two hour delivery time totally  everything yup two hour delivery time from  e 14 to stuy town .
best italian food ive had in nyc period great sport for vegetarians with tons of options and a great ambiance .
yeah this pizza is way too intense for me everything is just crazy salty cheesy and just over the top including the crust which is just way too doughy for me im good .
is good to know where to find late dining food was very good  felt very  tables small and too close to each other service was fast and attentive the experience was different from i usually dine but i will be back .
terrible oily deep pan pizza with way too much cheese and saturated fat not at all like the thin crust wood fired oven pizza that was advertised on yelp .
amazing food and great service the waiter gave a suggestion for wine for me and my date and it definitely delivered eat here for the sake of all that is human .
not only did they run out of cheese pizza but the sicilian slice i had lacked any flavor people need to go to lombardis and get a lesson in flavor if they feel this place is good .
the food here is amazing we ordered the mini meatballs for appetizer and had the caprese salad and fettuccine for entrees everything was so fresh and delicious however this place loses one star for extremely slow service .
this place is always crowded when walking by and it seems like a hip place to grab a great slice of pizza however went here with my boyfriend and his brother for dinner and the pizza took almost 45 minutes to come out to the table absolutely ridiculous .
the backyard seating is great for special occasions we tried the pan seared duck breast and gnocchi which were excellent .
this place has really gone to crap since they sold out the pizza is like disgusting artichoke soup on top of thick burned bread and it will destroy your insides avoid delivery it takes 24 hours and its cold and disgusting by the time it arrives .
lovely place reasonable prices popular with locals the homemade pastas are delicious and the portions are just right not a fan of truffle oil so i didnt sample the dishes everyone raves about but really everything i have ever had here was delicious .
disappointed maybe i just had a  slice but my classic artichoke slice was dry with a solid two inches of crust cant complain about portion size though one slice is definitely enough .
great place inside its perfect for catching up with your friends and having a great time without spending a ton of i brought my mom and we sat outside which was better because it was a little quieter out there i recommend this place for sure .
delivery guy was a huge dick didnt carry change apparently customer service doesnt really matter in the restaurant industry .
gnocchi was outrageous would definitely go again .
yeah artichoke lets do it traditional slice for 4 50 no taste  loads of cheese very filing  said .
very nice italian restaurant warm and romantic ambience friendly service delicious food and reasonable price had a wonderful dinner there highly recommended .
i found the creamy artichoke pizza to be way to rich it was like eating alfredo pizza it was gross the other pizzas might be tasty but i wont go back again .
good italian food was very  the night i went but still got seated quickly out door seating great for dates didnt spend much time indoors .
ewww its greasy and tastes disgusting .
cute place high quality and tasty food chicken meatball app was amazing my wifes  with veal  was great sadly my pesto gnocchi was doughy sauce good gnocchi not great service .
crust tastes like frozen pizza topping was decent artichoke pizza minus 1 star for being cash only .
great food the location and ambiance were nice will  go back .
ordered the crab slice and was disappointed because the slice was barely warm the taste of the crab slice itself was decent but i feel like i would have enjoyed it alot more if it was hotter dont think i will be back .
i went there for a saturday meeting with a friend the atmosphere is great for dating the food is delicious the wines are great i would definitely go back again the service is great the atmosphere is pleasant .
waited a half hour longer than the two hour e t a they gave us the very expensive pizza arrived cold and in a pile in the box mortified .
warm inviting space with consistently delicious food .
salty doughy center and burnt crusts whats the rage .
i was in the middle of a fantastic italian trattoria so authentic polenta primi superb flatbreads and cheese selection awesome wine menu perfect penne pasta and gnocchi ridiculously good superb place 5 stars smallish but packed and happening .
tried it for the first time today was disappointed and found the place to be pretty dirty the guy behind the counter who was serving the pizza was also handling money gross .
phenomenal food generous portions warm atmosphere there was a bit of a  between the appetizers and the entrees but not enough to be really  that was my only complaint otherwise this place is outstanding and an incredible value .
tasty not worth the long line but if you pass by early and its empty stop by .
great spot with cozy  and  food prompt service and friendly staff everything is delicious and fresh .
this pizza really isnt that good truly overrated i ordered every slice and they were all badly burnt on the bottom and the crust tasted like cardboard the saving grace were the meatballs not bad .
great italian food request a table in their back courtyard it is so cute also a great place to have wine .
i dont understand the hype around this place i thought the pizza was ok it must be the price for the quantity ordered the margherita and the artichoke pizzas like the m more than the a .
one of the best italian restaurants in the city food was delightful tasty and reasonably priced ambiance was very relaxed cozy and romantic will definitely come back here again .
dont bother i ordered once and it came cold i thought i would try delivery again but after an hour and twenty minutes no pizza after a phone call the staff was aware my pizza hadnt even left yet .
amazing food and great service one of the best italian spots in the city beautiful decor always busy make a reservation .
loved their pizza in the beginning last january i saw mice next to their back door .
upper east side italian hidden gem sunday brunch was delicious atmosphere is super quaint exposed old brick walls antique bar neat neighborhood spot but nothing could ever beat the homemade gnocchi i will think of it often .
the guys that were working on easter shouldve taken the day off if they were gonna come to work with their attitude for now on ill stick with  goodbye artichoke .
i think this is one of the best neighborhood restaurants really good food and a decent wine selection the noise is a bit much but that would be my only gripe try the seafood soup amazing .
sicilian pizza was burnt and they did not want to give me a different slice poor service artichoke pizza is good drunk food i would not come here sober for a meal .
place had a wait at 730 on a sunday good for them food service and decor were nice we sat in the back they have a good staff to patron ratio reasonable prices will repeat .
the pizza is way too heavy and salty for my taste i dont understand the appeal unless youre drunk out of your mind .
outstanding the best meal i have had on ues .
very disappointing .
atmosphere is cozy and inviting everyone seems to be having a good time the food is outstanding went back again and it was even better the second time around .
suggested artichokes margarita pie for delivery at work not nearly as good as i remember the less refined  amongst me raved however .
my goto for girls dinner love sitting in the back patio it could be great for date night too with their nice wine list it has a great lively atmosphere so feels trendy really enjoy my experience everytime i dine at uva .
slices have gotten smaller and the crust is too thick and not enough toppings im disappointed especially now that its 4 50 a slice .
nice service and good food wine just little bit too busy .
artichoke soup on top of pizza way too much cheese a puddle of grease and a line of nyu students in  make this one of the worst slices of pizza i can remember .
love this place the food is delicious the ambiance is relaxed and the staff is friendly try the gnocchi it wont disappoint .
if you like thick doughy crust we dont gloppy toppings we dont then maybe this is the place for you weve tried it twice and thats it for us we dont get it dont get it dont get it .
excellent restaurant good prices for the city and nice atmosphere .
not a fan of this place gave it a shot as my buddy told me it was a thing to eat in new york im a tomato sauce fan so the artichoke was definitely different slice was big but i just couldnt get into it .
love love this place been twice and had an amazing experience both times last night we split the antipasto plate for two which was amazing and i got the gnocci wonderful cozy atmosphere great service and wonderful food will be back .
for all the berkeley folks out there this place is like la  great to go to after a crazy wild drunken evening horribly bad to eat when sober dunno if ill ever go here in broad  when im sober like a pregnant woman .
only have been here for brunch its a really cute place the decor is vintage and  they have a nice outdoor seating and a small terrace in the back the food is very good their pancake with mascarpone is delish overall is a little pricey though .
i got a severe case of food poisoning from here on  i know this must be a pretty reliable place for pizza but i think people should know they have their off days i had the stuffed artichoke and a slice of their margherita pizza for dinner .
great place for  cozy with quick service and nice set of italian entries .
avoid the place pizza crust is way too thick and staff is nasty after 5 min of eating my  the bouncer slapped my pizza box closed do not go .
you literally cannot go wrong at uva everything is so amazing i highly recommend the gnocchi i would eat it every day if it wouldnt eventually make me  four hundred pounds i would definitely say this is my favorite italian in the city hands down .
too oily too thick crusted like eating an oily bread i guess its ok for the price and if youre a college kid hanging out late in the village already drunk .
no words to describe this culinary journey exceptional italian food and hospitality just felt like eating mammas home cooked food with both love and taste coming back soon grazie .
unsanitary counter guy has black dirt under his finger  he touches your money then touches your slice gross really loved the pizza but i cant stomach filthy fingers  my food .
very noisy bar restaurant area in the front ask for the back room nice garden ambience wonderful wait staff food good overall pleasant dining experience .
is the crab slice ever there .
i really like uva its easy to get a reservation staff is friendly and the food is solid the cheese and meat plates are huge and the pastas are all really tasty a cute and good place on the ues .
decent pizza if you have to take it home and it cools down not as good shit service .
great food great atmosphere .
had two different slices which were ok no place really to eat inside .
very cute place great service and delicious food i recommend the sun dried tomato and pesto bruschetta to start the polenta with black truffle sauce was delicious but a little to rich for its size adorable place .
not really my thing way too dense and rich and no way worth a 20 minute wait in  sight i shouldve gone to  joes and got some choke dip and a baguette same difference .
great local tons of energy good food snd great service you will enjoy the experience .
why the wait this is a case of a crowd  a crowd this pizza is just not that good in fact i wouldnt get it again .
awesome .
worst service ever the guys stand back there finding things to do so they can ignore customers and the line can grow really long they suck and the pizza isnt that great .
one of my favorite places to dine on the ues great atmosphere i love dining in back delicious homemade pasta reasonable prices good but not great service .
why do i not feel like all the other yelpers i think i set my expectations for this pizza the artichoke slice way too high and my first bite was just .
one of my favorite italian spots in the city love the ambiance service menu and quality of food best of all its very well priced super good food local guests fantastic atmosphere and really really really good food and wines def a must go .
i would rather go to papa johns pizza .
ive been here twice which in nyc is high praise  outside .
just had an artichoke slice that was well below par when its good its great but if the staff cant be bothered to reheat it properly its like eating a slice of stale cheesy bread .
please add gluten free options its not difficult to carry gluten free pasta in the kitchen i come here a lot but since ive been  with a gluten allergy i find it harder to order food here .
fell for the hype but didnt like it i didnt get the artichoke slice got the margarita was pretty bad will try the artichoke next time but  on the hunt for manhattans best slice .
omg so so good glad i listened to yelpers and ordered the gnocchi it was the best i ever had service is really good and so is the atmosphere here def recommend this place the scallops are also wonderful .
disgusting this pizza is so wrong it tastes like the canned alfredo sauce i once used when i was 15 years old disgustingly salty and creamy the fact that this is so popular  my opinion of humanity .
neighborhood gem one of the fun places for good italian food great desserts on the ues highly recommended .
overhyped i waited about 1520 mins on line to get pizza that did not please my tastebuds i tried the crab and sicilian crab was bland unique but nothing special and the sicilian was tasty although the crust was tough and chewy id rather go to 2 bros .
had the gnocchi ricotta and they were amazing i went alone as i am on a business trip so i sat in the lounge area i got great service and never felt awkward .
i honestly dont know what the hype over this place is about big slice but overpriced and way way messy dripping with mayo or whatever the hell that white sauce is .
i had a great birthday dinner here we sat outside in the patio garden area and it was lovely the service is excellent food delicious and ambiance fantastic .
so its artichoke dip on top of pizza not very good for my stomach wait was to long too .
always have a great experience at uva one of the best italian restaurants in the ues by far and with a young vibe .
maybe i got the wrong kind of slice i had all the  some drinks some late night  my sister in tow but alas the artichoke spinach pizza was nothing to get crazy over it tasted like lackluster  dip on a doughy bread next .
perfect for nice evening dinner both food and wine are good kitchen is serving full menu till 2am and they have a nice beautiful patio in the back .
ehhh toppings are quite good but afterthought crust is just a bowl in pizza mecca .
amazing great interior great food you should try there bottle water from italy .
major barf do i really want to wait 30 minutes for a thick  slice of dough  with artichoke dip maybe this appeals to other people but id rather get a slice anywhere else .
great experience went there on a saturday night food is excellent service is very good really had a good time would definitely go back make sure you get a reservation as it gets packed pretty quickly .
artichoke  if you like waiting forever for so so pizza served up too hot and with a lot of attitude then this place is for you and that  robot guy in the front needs to get a life .
i cant even get into  about my love affair with uva i just dont have adequate time i will update later but uva is my go to wine bar italian restaurant in the upper east side in love .
 pizza the crab slice was the best of the bunch budweiser big gulp was fun allinall not worth the wait .
not good for a first date if you want to talk so freaking loud but food was amazing goat cheese appetizer stuffed eggplant beets gnocchi great flavor i will be back to try other menu items for sure .
this place use to be good they decided to charge more no problem but then they started to burn the pizza and started to skimp on ingredients .
great ambiance food and service get there early and wait for a table in the outside backyard garden ues gem .
save yourself some time and money just go to a bodega and buy a gallon of oil then  it .
cute little place i love the pastas here and service is good i come here often with my family and we always enjoy it .
went back to try the artichoke slice because i didnt have it the first time meh tasted like artichoke dip on really really really thick and chewy pizza .
great ambience good food good service enjoyed the artichoke salad and penne pasta with mushrooms surely one of the better italian restaurant in ny .
the artichoke tastes like  soup on a pizza .
great atmosphere and the gnocchi was light and refreshing though my  had the eggplant and said that it made her feel sick the service staff was great and attentive would definitely go back .
man you can kiss my  i aint  in line for that shit .
i ordered shrimp with roasted peppers shrimp was cooked to perfection my husband had an eggplant for an appetizer and he loved it portions are small so you definitely need an appetizer the dessert was the best part of the meal overall i would recommend this place .
 .
5 stars for food and service we sat in the back in the garden so it was not as dark and cramped feeling as inside only drawback was having to exit through the very crowded bar scene definitely a place to return to .
every time i get delivery from here i am always disappointed items are always missing or incorrect and they refuse to offer a refund letdown .
 awesome pasta and veal were great the seafood was not fresh .
this was not great which is funny bc the  in  ny is the sushi was good but the hibachi dishes were over cooked scallops were terrible so rubbery steak was also a bit overdone go somewhere else .
an amazing wine bar italian restaurant i always sit in the covered patio in the back or the wine cellar downstairs get the truffle cheese and flatbread  forgot what its called but it just reeks of truffles beautiful crowd and staff .
tableside chefs make up for slow service odd ambience and needless  almost .
really really really good get the gnocchi i usually hate gnocchi but this was mindblowing also anything with truffles truffle oil is going to send you home happy .
awful just awful dry bland protein soggy  salad everything cooked on hibachi tasted the same like rancid oil just a terrible meal .
the food is suprisingly good wait staff not so much but i guess you cant have it all this is s  date place and a good girls night out start place .
not very cheap 5 25 tax for a falafel sandwich for a falafel really much cheaper options available in this area will be going elsewhere for falafels .
very nice food and atmosphere vibrant on most nights and never too overcrowded .
got takeout from this place the chicken burrito was large but very bland guacamole had too much bitter red onion in it set your food expectations to low too bad too as there is definitely a need for a good mexican place on staten island .
excellent pappardelle with veal ragu good fettucini with shrimp and zucchini though not as flavorful as the pappardelle beet salad with goat cheese and fava beans was great great date spot .
if at first you dont succeed try and try again well i did food still sucks great place to go if youre  looking to hang out and drink .
great outdoor area in the back and they have this whole charming drinking wine from a  bowl thing going on theyre small  bowls give it a try definitely one of my favorite spots on the upper east .
somebody pulled the chain and this place is going down the toilet where it belongs it may look like a nice place now that they  it but its like putting a silk hat on a pig its still a shitty animal .
nice ambiance good food .
the food sucks the sangria tastes horrible how can one possibly screw up sangria the bouncer at the door is a dick avoid ever going here .
uva is one of my favorite spots in nyc go for the flight wine specials its worth the money and makes for some great conversation .
if you like food poison this is the place to get it .
uva definitely scores a  great service great food and overall a pleasant experience .
avoid this restaurant at all costs pros not much except burrito was average enough cons dark atmosphere  tables my mom had a chicken salad that tasted like  frozen chicken loud music basically everything was terrible about this restaurant .
second time just as good as the first 5 stars all the way .
much of the staff is rude and  the food and drinks are way over priced music is played to loud out of all the bars on the forest ave i would rank this one last .
polenta with the black truffle sauce is to die for .
terrible experience service is really bad and food equally bad we got really disappointed .
best italian place so far in nyc great wine recommendation and superb food and we have been to a lot .
this place is sub par the food is tasteless walk a couple of blocks and go to spice for some real thai dishes .
went thanks a to yelp review something i dont often do and liked it they let us stay forever and the food was good .
dont believe the hype bland food all around .
great italian pasta and food had a great dinner when i arrived from my trip i let my daughter order for all of us since she has had food from them before great service i loved everything about this place .
horrible service mediocre fd .
uva is a goto everything is delicious and moderately priced it can get loud but the atmosphere is great for a date the garden in the back is lovely you really cant go wrong here enjoy .
worst thai food ever and the half portion of chicken i got could only have come from some   filled  it was so enormous and fatty i suspect they use  chickens i will not be going back .
this place is amazing its romantic and delicious we got the scallops and the eggplant appetizer and the short ribs the eggplant was the best but everything was amazing definite recommend .
food is  nothing to rave about the service however is horrendous dont expect to strike any kind of decent convo about the food menu options or asking for that rice doesnt crack your teeth delivery is probably a nice compromise .
best italian restaurant in the ues from tasty bruschetta appetizers to dense chocolate  accompanied with some great wine the restaurant is wonderfully decorated  exposed brick  wood best part is they serve food till 2am new fave ues spot .
i had the curry puffs and the pad gra prow with tofu the curry puffs were awful the pastry wasnt crisp and flaky as it should be the filling was weird and off pad gra prow was bland it tasted like frozen  .
it a great date spot great wine list nice setting very reasonable priced i just sat at the bar .
cuban sandwich isnt nice at all they appear to have used sweet pickles and it is far too sweet the other plates taste alright but far too small .
unique menu compared to other italian restaurants fast service watch out that we went at 5 in the afternoon the pasta entrees are good enough for one but could also be shared the veal was small the soda bottles were very small  .
garbage .
my goto italian restaurant in the ues delicious reasonably priced food and fantastic service my favorites are the red beet gnocchi and pappardelle with ragu a touch on the  side but overall would highly recommend .
food is not that good and it seems to be sitting out there under the heat lamps for awhile went mid week so perhaps during the busier weekend days the food is fresher .
the food was good they serve bread that is so good the customer service was very fast i was with mom and they realize she speaks spanish so they  a spanish speaker waitress .
honestly i have found wayy better buffets but fun has pretty good seafood all in all i just wish they had a fresher selection of selections .
the red fingerling potato gnocchi was out of this world amazing highly recommend .
what a dump bad service all the way around took half an hour to place an order for a togo cup of coffee fish looks and smells far from fresh   between being a  and a sushi joint allaround failure in a neighborhood of bad options .
my go to dinner spot on the ues  priced nice ambience and most importantly delicious italian food my favorite dishes are the burrata cheese and truffle gnocchi .
never will be returning to this hipster hangout i guess the owner and the hipster dont mind the unclean bar and employees wont ever return to this dive .
wonderful food great wine selection and reasonable prices i am never disappointed and would highly recommend .
wow it couldnt have been worse go in order a drink and get a side of douche for free not again .
nice place eat out seat .
after a couple more conversations on the phone i finally got my refund for the extra charge sloppy but at least they care about customer service .
it gets packed and they dont take reservations for small groups but the food is worth it get the scallops youre welcome .
theres a vintage  in the bathroom if youre into  shit like that .
im a fan delicious italian food in upper east side .
the prime rib was terrible .
uva is a great mix of ambiance food and service i like to sit by the bar where the action is happening try the artichoke salad bruschetta signature gnocchi with truffle oil and   wines by the glass are great ask the bartender for recommendation .
what a disappointing experience service was bad and the food was ok ive been there twice hoping that the second time will be better but no change i definitely will not recommend this place .
noisy but quality food an service sit in the covered garden .
really standard american food nothing creative nothing unexpected not what id pay high prices for .
one of my favorite ues restaurants amazing wine list try the lambrusco exceptional food try the burrata and the pappardelle with veal ragu great  love this place .
lived in philly my whole life  drink i have ever ever had bartenders so unfriendly would never go back again .
the food was good the mushroom bruschetta and the artichoke pizza was excellent in appetizers the pastas were fantastic too .
yelp should have a food poisoning  avoid the burger unless you enjoy throwing up .
uva has very fresh ingredients and a wonderful atmosphere for a date or group meal  are awesome and reasonably priced most of the menu is also a good deal for the quality of food .
delicious food .
really good  and pasta wine is great too i had an amazing dinner with some friends here .
i was very excited to try this restaurant however it fell short of expectations the highlight was the service which was phenomenal but otherwise the restaurant was  the experience does not meet the  and the food fell short of pretense .
love this place went last night for the first time we were greeted immediately sat immediately and our waiter came to our table almost immediately service couldnt have been better our waiter was awesome and we had a fabulous and very indulgent dinner .
this place is never open with its intended hours i was told if they are slow the close early ive gone there twice and they were slow so the were closed hours are advertised but they apparently open and close whenever they feel like it .
salmon was great portion was right for the price accommodated me despite being an hour late for my res .
was so excited by all the reviews but ive had better frozen pizza i hate leaving bad reviews so i will say the crust was nice that was about it .
amazing all around the ricotta truffle bruschetta is amazing as is the  know how to do it right the wine list and service was impeccable as well highly recommended .
delivered wrong pie  the pie looked like it came from pizza hut .
such a charming little restaurant and brunch was soooo good bianca omelette with addictive crunchy little potato cubes and a sausage  followed by a mimosa yum .
had lunch here spicy salmon spicy shrimp and crab salmon avocado pretty mediocre sushi though inexpensive didnt try hot food .
second stop here for dinner and it was great again service was great and we both loved the back seating area .
very very small portion but at least it is fresh i have tasted better so wont be coming back .
great food get there before 7 to enjoy the wine flights .
for new years day there was nothing open so we ended up at  it turns out that food is not bad and the  is good i wouldnt make a trip to come back but its decent .
good atmosphere it was crowded but the service was still great the octopus appetizer we had was a bit expensive 14 but very good the gnocchi entree was also delish .
made reservations service was horrible food was ok i got up twice to try to get our table water not good .
great italian spot in ues everything was fresh good wine selection good service good for groups has room .
the food here was really good but the service was lacking it was fairly empty and yet it took a while for our food to come and getting the check took even longer overall not all that impressive .
great service beautiful ambience good food great wine list brought my girl here for her birthday and it was great very busy a bit noisy and cramped but a beautiful space must have the polenta it was to die for .
i loved this coffee shop until i paid 10 for a cup of coffee and toast with avocado and no wifi on the weekends i understand the limited space problem but if youre not going to offer wifi dont charge that much for a meal thats worth 5 .
uva  .
a lot of puertorican but the food is not that goog .
uva was  i had the salmon it was excellent and the  menu was great .
ive decided to give them a try again i havent been here for 8 years i was a little disappointed the place was dirty the food was just ok and at 6pm they were out of beans and red rice the staff were careless and looked miserable .
amazing food good service great prices .
not a huge fan i would call this place commercial puerto rican food at best its quantity versus quality this place is the known place in philadelphia for puerto rican food but im convinced there has to be something better .
love this place goto .
the price was good but the food was not we ordered at  on a thurs and didnt get the food until 530 by the time we got it it was not even warm the ironic part we didnt even get a fortune cookie .
great place very classic and trendy great wines definitely recommend it .
this is my first time to experience a vietnamese cuisine and i have to say its not my cup of tea i had the beef deluxe pho the portion size was quite substantial but tasteless our server was not super friendly too i would say it is average .
wow joel bartender was great food great atmosphere fun and festive .
 i hate this place its so dirty and the food is def not the best in philly ill go to the market and then drive to chinatown to eat because its so ratchet .
great great great spot order the truffle cheese and scallops .
horrible service and horrendous wait times i would never come here again food quality does not make up for it .
really enjoyed this place great atmosphere great service great food the ravioli and the gnocchi were delicious .
papaya salad was lame    did not impress me the noodles were flat out bad broth lacked flavor .
amazing gnocchi service is great best italian restaurant on the upper east side .
subpar everything theres much better vietnamese food in south philly as a matter of fact theres much better vietnamese food in the same strip mall floors are dirty too .
ex .
only had the pho pretty  .
great staff and food late night date had a great time .
yikes walked in and walked out last night the entire doorway area was so gross it looked like someone hadnt  in weeks food  trash dirty foot  if a doorway looks like that what does the kitchen look like really disappointing .
great upscale italian food in a very cool restaurant love the indoor garden area in the back .
its alright it just doesnt compare to to vietnam in chinatown at all .
 rear patio great service very good food .
food options were crap had one drink and left they are trying too hard and not  in my opinion .
chic priced right good service nice date restaurant .
great atmosphere but thats just about it in order to see the menu you have to stand over people and look at it on the wall also not very impressed with choices on the menu .
great food great place .
i used to like this place but got tired of the surly elitist  attitude of the people who work there plus the no paper menu no tv schtick is old and tired its a big city go to the green rock tavern or  instead .
great food and service the mozzarella is to die for hubby didnt love the veal ragu but i had the special gnocchi which was great well definitely go back .
cool atmosphere but the bartenders were to  taking shots to serve me and my friends will not returning .
the food was fabulous the waitress was friendly and helpful  wines and food choices we felt like we were back in italy it was rather noisy but it was a friday night after work so it was not unexpected we will definitely go back .
this used to be a good spot but the service here is terrible i will never go back .
i love this place everytime i go gets better i love the foods and server are always very energetic i suggest this place for large parties everything was perfect from the  to the desserts .
am i missing something about the greatness here its standard .
great food weak service would definitely go back andor recommend it .
the beer list is great and the food is decent but the service is dreadful consistently slow inattentive wait staff with no attention to detail long wait for food dont even bother if youre with a large party its too much for them to handle .
love the place it has cute back garden food is delicious will be back .
typical italian menu food was only fair  it was crowed in the restaurant .
the food was incredible the service was amazing and the wine was incredible the bartender also told us a dirty joke and who doesnt love one of those cant wait to go back .
this place just below par lasagna was extremely oily salad had many brown pieces lamb portion was very small .
my wife and i love this restaurant its a wine bar with very good food sometimes its a bit loud and dark but the food service and drinks make up for it i recommend this place for a date .
ive had better taiwanese food before pork cutlet was literally the thinnest piece of pork ever w breading nothing special here .
awesome pizza at 1am .
compared to the other rodizio restaurants in the area this one is very ehhh the meats were over cooked and the salad bar was very bare i would go elsewhere .
love this place it s open until late hours the food is delicious my favorite dish is the beet gnocchi the wine list is great as well .
just started school at nyu and found this little spot it was  the jambalaya was okay but the waitress said it was pre made when i asked for no sausage the cornbread was ok but ive had better i wouldnt come here again though sorry .
have been going there since last year always great service excellent food love the staffs highly recommending .
menu is  to times house fries werent very tasty served cold i wish i was able to try their dinner menu but it didnt start until 5 and we went at 4 and the most appetizing thing we could try is pancakes .
this place never disappoints i have been there many times and each time is a  .
jambalaya was a disappointment it was a pile of brown mush with pieces of chicken and sausage corn bread was great dont waste your money on the cornmeal fried catfish it was crunchy but bland especially for 18 00 good beers on draught .
good food good service long waiting during the week .
poor service they forgot about us and served two parties that came after us not a fun way to start brunch food was decent but not good enough to overcome the poor service .
love the wine list riesling is my favorite the outdoor section is really nice in the warm weather great place to have cocktails and appetizers .
came here for brunch the service was terrible i literally had to get up and get menus for myself because i was sick of  my arms at the inattentive staff the food was completely mediocre huge portions of very bland tasting omelet not worth going back to .
this is my favorite italian restaurant in the city the food and wine is always great and the atmosphere as well as the service is never disappointing .
if i could this place a 0 i would it is over priced nonauthentic mexican food i went in for 3 carne asada tacos the total was 11 50 no rice or beans just 3 small tacos i will never be returning i highly recommend la  .
such delicious food i loved the service the waitress was nice and had a pleasant smile the place was crowded and so many happy people the mood was right and the weather today was so beautiful must visit .
this place is nice and clean but lo  the beef tacos had zero seasoning it was plain ground beef it did not seem  .
my favorite gnocchi place in ny so far always great food cute environment if its warm seat on the patio in the back it will feel like you are in italy really nice this is one of the places i come as often as i can .
decent food unfortunately be prepared for it to be cold and have to wait over an hour and a half for delivery .
really yummy food and not the usual italian great wines by the glass and staff is better than you would expect a fantastic neighborhood find and reasonably priced .
there is a single table in this restaurant there is a single hole in the floor the hole is the size of a single chair leg this place gets a single star .
quality of the food was great had a delicious short rib dish extremely well cooked nice place to take a date as its not formal but classy enough that its a nice time .
friendly server food was honestly terrible not sure how this place gets any good reviews for the food it was all  on a tortilla definitely not mexican food pretty darn nasty actually .
fantastic italian food service is very friendly and attentive there can be a wait but totally worth it gnocchi with black truffles was orgasmic .
horrible service very dirty gee what else can i say the food was extra greasy and my mom found an expired  i told my fam to never go to this place ever .
awesome food nice atmosphere real gem .
two stars for the cheap drink prices and wide range of the hours their open very good  on  only old man bar aweful bartenders the absolute worst and cult like crowd go to the town pub down the street .
so ridiculously good amazing wine atmosphere service and food thank you x .
give it one star went for the ribs but being i wasnt friends with the bartender had to wait 45 min for half rack of cold ribs and slimy fries wont get me again .
one word gnocchi phenomenal italian .
their food is  teriyaki was just fried chicken decked with teriyaki sauce will not come back again .
this place is really a gem its a bit of a hike if you dont  on the upper east but i keep making the trek for the excellent wine terrific service and really quite outstanding food try the truffle gnocchi its off the charts .
unfortunately sushi are not fresh and it smells bad staff are not friendly but i can deal with it if sushi were good worst sushi ever im surprised people are still eating there .
great italian restaurant with good food and service nice decor inside and great place for a date ive been twice now and everything ordered has been good .
great salad that comes with meals i ordered vegetable tempura but the broccoli wasnt cooked inside and flour was still white oh well the salad was great .
awesome selection of local italian wines from small  and great menu both for vegetarian and nonvegetarian must recommended on upper east side the ambience is too good specially at the back make reservations for sure .
terrible service and rude staff unclean premises lead to food poisoning i wont be setting foot in the store again as i am extremely disappointed by the complete lack of respect and  that the chefs and staff  to .
delicious friendly service great food i love a brunch menu that has something for everyone if i lived on the ues this is where id always meet friends .
if you like big servings of cheap sushi with a side of indigestion  express is for you it smells funky  both inside outside of the restaurant but is popular with anyone who  cheap big with good ie most americans i couldnt finish my lunch order .
had the ravioli meatball special which was delicious friendly waitstaff comfortably ambience would recommend for good italian food and a date .
this place is cheap but gross the salad bar looks like its been sitting there all day and the dressing had a funny taste to it the chicken teriyaki is too sweet and sticky .
one word spectacular mouth watering most definitely coming back here for a date with my boyfriend .
large pieces but not great quality there is always a foul smell inside this place better options exist within walking distance .
delicious and amazing try the truffle flatbread and amazing prosciutto raviolis in pink sauce .
everything is overly salted disappointed .
its good italian you dont fell  and caters for all recommend 1 pasta dish for 2 and a bunch of their  best to go in winter i reckon has that cozy feel before you hit the bars .
sadly this is one of the bad thai places ive been to the food is just not very authentic .
great food great wine selection awesome atmosphere .
they let random people in there without children .
amazing just ask for  he really runs the shows smoothly great place the food is good and the wine list is amazing the ambiance is very romantic bring your loved one so good .
maybe just not a fan of ethiopian food but the bar was nice the ppl that work there are nice and it has a very chill vibe there .
cozy atmosphere great food and wine the waitress was very attentive love this place .
exactly what margarita t said you nailed it girl not much more to say well for  sake ill add that i was held on the phone for 15 mins when ordering then disconnected and the portions are meant for a baby .
an obvious local favorite ive enjoyed everything ive gotten here the calamari and tiramisu are personal picks .
era has a new cook and the quality definitely is not as good the portions were smaller the meat dishes were looser i just got an ethiopian cookbook so i might start replicating dishes at home .
the food and wine were excellent here there was a nice ambience and the waitstaff were nice and attentive i will definitely go back .
to the surly  guy checking ids at the door saturday night  get over yourself and rethink the life choices that made you so miserable .
fun little wine bar on the ues the food is good too the service eh they need to work on it .
ok at best line is  long service is patchy food is ok good lively atmosphere other than that i cant think of many positives to say unfortunately .
i went here for my one year anniversary this weekend the food was so fresh and awesome servings arent huge but they are filling there is a wine for everyone and the mozzarella and fresh prosciutto appetizer is awesome def recommend .
overrated overhyped and worst of way over priced the food is good but not great the atmosphere is  for the amount it costs to eat and drink here i shouldnt have to serve myself and sit on crappy used furniture .
great food place is really nice and romantic portion sizes are a little small for what you pay for but overall good tasting food and service .
best thing about the restaurant is the outdoor seating brisket fatty and bland food very expensive and sides nothing to write home about will stick with my local bbq  much better in every way .
amazing highly recommended .
the meat is ok but expensive the sides are not worth it i have heard good things about this place before i went but was disappointed the place is cool inside but really that is it try  texas bbq on  instead its much better .
great for brunch too excellent frittata options highly recommended .
i would have rated fette sau higher but in truth it was just okay granted the interior is super hip and cool but the price was rather high for standard bbq fare the beans were undercooked and overall i was underwhelmed by my experience .
cool upper east side wine bar ive been there a few times with both small and large parties really fun atmosphere and tasty food .
the service was sloppy the lomo saltado were  and my fries  the ceviche portion was ridiculous not great the  way to crisp no very moist who knows when it was cooked food really lacked the saturday evening we dined .
incredibly nice staff and delicious food nice wines as well the truffle oil honey and goat cheese bruschetta was absolutely delicious .
horrible service we waited an 1 hr and 30 mins noone ask if we would like a drink of water the service is the worst im actually standing in the small waiting area and the waiter does not know what is going on horrible horrible horrible service .
my favorite ues italian restaurant and one of my favorite italian restaurants in general great wine list and all the pasta dishes are excellent the appetizers are always amazing as are the cheeses .
 this place is basically the staple soul food spot for the hipsters in the city they dont even offer peach cobbler on the menu seriously them and smoke joint must be one in the same yuk .
always delicious wine and food and beyond stellar service  is wonderful and very accommodating to everyone been here many times and its always enjoyable .
mediocre breakfast you could make the same thing at home really .
very nice wine bar great crowd food is very good with reasonable prices we ate in the back outdoor garden .
slow service hot food came out cold .
been here many times and the food is always excellent some highlights are bruschetta with sheeps milk ricotta and truffle honey and all gnocci dishes .
watched a mouse run across the floor after that we asked for the check and left immediately .
love the ambiance dimly lit nice decor romantic cozy great wine selection and delicious italian dishes .
the grits were a bowl of butter just butter other than that the food was just ok nothing spectacular the bar area looked like where it was happening next time im coming solo and sitting at the bar .
great wine bar but very pricey .
definitely got food poisoning from the chicken here worst night of my life other than that i used to roll with peaches just be careful .
i love this spot the dim lights fire place cozy little spots love their wines its the best place for a romantic date .
10 dollar minimum on credit cards dont go here if you just want one late night drink before bed or if you do you better have cash bartender maybe says 2 words to you also the pour on my guiness was pretty terrible .
solid service was great the options of bites bar were great and as well as the food items enjoyed that evening i liked the full bar beer selection and the wine list is dynamite will be going back .
the food was great the service could be better you have to wait a while to get drink order in can be crowded before a show at nj  across the street .
really enjoyed this place lovely outdoor place good service decent food my friend and i simply had a few bites will be back .
who serves frozen vegetables with a 30 filet mignon if they arent frozen they taste like they are blah .
i adore uva its beyond amazing great ambiance for a romantic evening or drinks with a girlfriend great wine amazing food who doesnt want gnocchi in truffle oil i may not live on the ues anymore but i will always travel for uva .
nico keeps calling me every few days they call two to three times in a row desperate  nico cafeteria should have better things to do like improving service and quality a truly useless establishment .
so pretty food yummmm gnocchi di  to die for creamy and melts in ur mouth heavenly mezze  alla  crazy chocolate salami perfect end to the evening .
wanted just a salad they were only serving fixed price .
i love this wine bar its cute and cozy and theres a large wine selection priced pretty decently as well .
i try the order but man who answer the phone is rude and hung up on me i dont understand how come they hung up before you talk about food and price you better nice to your customers .
cheese good with abundant selection antipasti good portions are just right able to try multiple entree good flavorful and large enough to share pasta looked good  at our neighbors service good and  atmosphere good very cozy and elegant yes that about sums it up .
terrible service the server refused to serve appetizers on our plates when we asked for serving he simply said we dont give that kind of service the attitude from the server and manager ruined our birthday celebrations .
a good solid pick for italian on the ues the servers and bar staff are friendly understanding and attentive .
pros interior decoration lighting of the place is really good food is below average service is good cons utensils glasses plates are not clean food is too oily and greasy the meat had no taste tasted extremely refrigerated .
i have now been here too many times to count and it never disappoints and i mean never the food ambiance wait staff wine and prices are incredible i love uva .
it is an ok restaurant too much decoration and furniture food is ok variety is good staff is not very courteous .
outstanding place had a lamb shank that was delicious their wine  is off the hook our waitress was  unfriendly but maybe she was having a bad night hey we are all human besides that it was perfect .
horrible attitude stay away from this pretentious hipster joint .
great restaurant thanks yelpers for the tip if youre in the neighborhood give it a try youll not be disappointed .
2nd time ive come here during their hours of operation and theyre closed they also never ever answer the phone im starting to think you have to be part of a secret  to eat here .
more like 4 5 awesome place great wines one of the best  i have ever tasted vast selection of cheeses and bruschettas deserts were very average very good pricing and service this place is a must try .
i always hear good things about this place but ive been here twice and each time the service was strange or slow and the food is always way too salty .
great wine selection and awesome vibe staff is very knowledgeable and helpful great upper east side spot .
i wouldnt come back to unprofessional waiting staffs just for an average food after the food was served the waiter disappeared and the bus boy asked to box the food every five minutes this continued for about ten more times we felt harrassed a bit .
hands down the best food ive found in the upper east side this past year since moving here great wine list and definately try the paparadelle with veal ragu smart rustic ambience great spot for intimate conversation or to just hang out with a group of friends unbeatable .
not recommended its a pleasant enough place but the food isnt authentic nor does it seem to be made with care nothing is disgusting its just not very good and overpriced for what you get dont get a sazerac .
awesome pillowy truffled gnocchi chicken salad was great too though kind of random for an italian place meatballs were nice and the tomato sauce they were in was spot on also liked the fabulous fruity olive oil they brought to the table .
confused about all the rave reviews for  we drove out from ct to experience all that this place had to offer leaving disappointed .
dim lighting  the food was pretty good its really inexpensive filled up on bread with oil n vinegar delish waiter was hot too had a nice time here was seating quickly .
i dont know why this place gets good reviews but i thought it was mediocre at best the only thing i enjoyed were the drinks and they were 60 ice this place is truly nothing special .
very cosy and romantic nice music excellent choice of wines and awesome food very tasty original i recommend red beet  ideal place for date a little pricy but worth it .
first time here nice atmosphere friendly staff not impressed with brunch overly seasoned vegetarian sandwich ive heard good things though so ill try it again another time .
 carpaccio is the best as well as other appetizers main course was okay .
this place was cute and friendly but i could have made most of the dishes at home .
wine is great here great selection and cheese tray w fruit is delish good for a few glasses of wine and app or dinner highly recommend this spot wait staff is also friendly must have the truffle cheese and  .
the staff is nice but the food is blah to the extreme not disgusting just absolutely blah im pretty sure my shrimp were frozen plus they were out of biscuits and they didnt offer to replace it with anything felt ripped off .
great date spot in the ues the place is cute and the decor is simple but nice i highly recommend trying the parmesan truffle gnocchi delicious and absolutely one of my fav dishes great wine selection as well .
atmosphere is really cool brunch was decent one complimentary mimosa or bloody mary w brunch entree service was friendly but rarely seen overall i dont believe i would return except for maybe one of their excellent abita beer selections on tap .
ate at this place last night and everything was delicious i loved the appetizer entree and dessert definitely a place to go to on a date but not a first date because the place gets extremely loud .
ordered the half chicken poboy it was terrible hardly edible and the fries were maybe the worst fries ive ever had ive been in nyc for almost 2 years and this was probably the worst food ive had so far definitely do not recommend .
great food the duck was so good and the wine was a great price good food for a great price .
dry chicken shawarma and bland maybe it was a bad day but definitely not coming back .
the ambiance was great the waitstaff was perfectly attentive the food was oh boi it is a great place to take a girl for a 1st date guys .
this is average to below average middle eastern food the falafel does not have much flavor pita bread isnt fresh the salads are not great its popular bc its cheap and open late i also recently had the chicken kabob and it tasted like gas from the grill .
amazing took my girlfriend here for her birthday and she loved it great atmosphere great food and great service .
sad colorless falafels loaded with fillers falafel salad selection is sparse the options being iceberg red cabbage stale hummus and sliced pickles its 6 but quality ensures less .
tiny but great date spot typical cute wine bar with a very warm and friendly vibe it can get crowed since its small so be sure to go on an off  to get a table great  .
yelp  it up for me perfectly meh ive experienced better the food was average at best the atmosphere felt dirty the service was meh i live 2 blocks away and i doubt ill be back .
great wine list one of the few places i know that serve lambrusco love the fried artichoke cool romantic atmosphere .
completely unimpressed im middle eastern and i know whats good m e food this was atrocious if you are looking for better and cheap middle eastern turkish fare then id go to  around the corner on bedford ave .
my favorite italian restaurant love the ambiance great wines yummy pastas try the truffle gnocchi at least once very rich but ive never tasted anything like it great  group spot highly recommend .
very short menu very crowded plenty of wine choices but 300 for 4 people on avenue c i dunno i just dont see it .
havent been here in a long time but from what i remember this place is excellent the wine selection cheese platters and service are fantastic must go back .
horrible experience 2 hours later still didnt receive main courses left with to go bags will not be returning .
great food and wine very  very consistantly good good service owner and maitred are always on the floor .
ridiculous i would review the food but ive been waiting 2 hours to sit the  is at an equally slow pace so perhaps its appropriate do not come if you are hungry or thirsty .
i love uva especially when you can sit out back in their courtyard and drink wine all night there open until 2am which is great too the food is great if you dont mind the wait time .
good wine great beer only ok food way overpriced and too much hype for nothing much .
i cant say enough good things about uva been here on dates girls night out you name it ive never had a bad experience wine suggestions are always spot on gnocci is delicious had a sundried tomato gnocci once on special amazing a total gem in the neighborhood .
ate at the bar the guy didnt put our main entree order in then blamed us for not seeing us finish our app lame .
mmm i love uva the place is dimly  and romantic great wine selection and the food is delicious they have probably the best bruschetta ive had in the city and the pasta is consistently good .
was super excited to come here because i love love asian sandwiches but sandwiches here were only okay thought i would enjoy it more but it was kind of bland and the bread wasnt as fluffy and yummy .
delicious adorable romantic garden in the back too loud inside but service food and wine were fantastic oh and the cheese plate yum .
­ ­ ­ ­ it was  .
great date spot very dimly lit wine bar lots of wine and food gets very crowded on thursdays fridays and saturdays .
modern asian lets talk about the food its fancier chinese food with better ingredients and presentation ambiance modern asian its different service perfect non intrusive yet helpful its not the worst place you could eat .
lovely decor exposed brick soft lighting candles good service delicous food  ambiance very nice .
overrated and overpriced will not be going back .
this place gets my vote for one of the best wine bars on the upper east side the service is  and the decor is over the top its a must top for great wine and impressive cheeses .
way over priced chinese food what do all my chinese people have to say about this .
wonderful restaurant the seating garden in the back is a welcome surprise uva has such an italian vineyard feel the food is wonderful and the wine impressive dont miss the chance to try this place you wont regret it .
it must be me greasy oily food and then theres the fried food well if you like fried oily food disguised as wholesome fresh well this is your place three tries youre outta here .
good bruchetta nice wine list cheeses grapes the crepes looked pretty good never had desert here  factor 9  potential 5 destination rating 5 nice outdoor seating and friendly wait staff lovely place to lounge on a nice warm evening or late afternoon .
both of us got sick the same night food tasted good alright .
the food just keeps getting better  is awesome please come here it deserves your attention the steak tartare and the pork wrapped fontina is fantastic .
positive delicious nonalcoholic drinks with extraordinary dessert in a fine dining restaurant negative small expensive portion sizes without the quality expected in a high end restaurant overall good place for a fine dining experience if you only want to have their nonalcoholic drinks with dessert .
excellent cuisine super friendly staff and very cozy atmosphere worth the trip even from manhattan .
it was not as good as advertised went with a co worker who had raved about this place but was embarrassed after dinner poor food good reception .
i love this place great friendly staff members and a warm atmosphere perfect for date night .
food is   quality but tiny portions   sorbet was great amazing decor .
a hidden gem in the middle of astoria the waiting staff do a fantastic job of serving without ever intruding on your personal space the food is great very tasty without being overbearing the decor and layout is great we will definitely be back .
i didnt want to just take to yelp to complain about my experience i wrote to the restaurant using its website about a week before i wrote my update on yelp and have never heard back what a shame .
we celebrate this new restaurant with eating food and everything was excellent .
service was not so great dry pot not so great at all only plate good out of four was beef lo mein chicken was bland should have gone to amada .
the best italian food that you will find in astoria authentic scrumptious romantic the owners of  clearly know what they are doing .
decor and all that yes it is very beautiful and trendy etc but they have maybe 23 vegetarian options not a fan of that spent a whole lot of money for a mediocre meal .
yeah finally i think this one will stick good prices good balance of flavors with some creativity havent had the pizza but apps and pastas are good pizza looks good .
played out asian theme check giant tacky  check loud obnoxious douchebag clientele check why cant these asian  restaurants pick one type of food and do it well as opposed to trying to do everything mediocre .
simply the best italian in astoria the owner is a nice guy who  his nights looking after his guests when youll go make sure you try the porcini risotto .
the atmosphere of the restaurant was great but the food was not that impressive very americanized asian food nothing to look forward to too pricey for what it is .
i love the place the food is truly italian and the staff is friendly astoria needed a place like this i am so happy they finally opened because the prices are also really good .
ok  amazed and didnt make me full not worth price .
really really tasty burger a nice place but feels like a tokyo johnny  that said burger fries and buns are top  recommended as a good basic place .
frog is gone and now    urbn com  urbn manages this place it is the fanciest restaurant in the  yard but it is inconsistent and overpriced also note that the seasoning on ethnic foods is always bland .
the spicy tuna burger and salmon volcano roll are really good the food was prepared quickly and the service was good .
good food but i overheard the owner speaking very rudely to an employee not ok also this is not the first time ive heard of this happening there no wonder they seem to have a new person at the register every time i go there never going back .
ordered a brown rice bowl with beef came out fast and tasted great the portion size is adequate and very tasty lots of veggies cooked in seems healthy .
coffee is four stars been in before and enjoyed the coffee today the service wow not sure if we will ever be back just awfully rude im sure it was an off day but damn .
spicy tuna burger yes youve heard it thats right all hail japanese meet american cuisine highly recommended you have to try it i bet you great food and friendly servers 4 stars .
my experience at effies was very disappointing the food was overcooked and dried out i had the  of meeting the owner his conduct and the way that he runs his business is very unprofessional needless to say i wont be back .
delicious they gave me white rice instead of brown rice that i ordered it was even on the receipt but it wasnt a big deal still a really good lunch .
had the breakfast special wasnt that great felt like something i couldve made myself for the prices you arent getting what you pay for yes its a diner but i just expected more .
great .
ordered the baked apple dessert and thought it was just awful had it warmed since that was supposed to be preferred but the dough was almost raw and overall it was just to sweet and mushy not my thing .
absolutely phenomenal food and fast service great burgers and just tried their sushi today perfect lunch spot during work .
meh just very average for gluten free you cant get much more than eggs and bacon if you can eat gluten it might be a nice and cheap option .
i went there after work with my coworker i was craving for some sushi my friend had a ramen noodle which she said was good i had the shrimp tempura oooo myyy myyy never had it before it was delicious the place is cute .
very very disappointed i stood in line one weekend morning for the blueberry pancakes they were cooked with ridiculous amount of butter and then topped with another mound of butter the result a greasy cloyingly sweet mess that should not be on anyones brunch list will never return .
spicy tuna burger awesome spider roll and spicy tuna roll awesome had the green tea sandwich expected something a little better but still good .
the food is good but the service is very slow we were the only one in the resturant they messed up on our order we had to wait another 20 mins to get the other dish we ordered they forget to put another dish all together .
 yeah that is all i have to say i love the burgers the bowls and especially the sushi oh i think i forgot to mention the sweet potato tempura fries yum .
came on a quiet night and service was friendly and efficient food was good and huge portions only let down was the rice as it was pure mush and cant believe that they decided to serve it mushy rice at a texmex restaurant is unacceptable .
i ordered the spicy tuna burger and tempura sweet potato fries my order came up quickly and it was delicious the restroom was also very clean even at the end of the lunchtime rush .
not so good i wont go back .
this place is great reminiscent of a japanese spin on fast food but the quality is anything but that i got a hearty meal of vegetables over brown rice with tofu for under ten bucks food tasted fresh came out quickly and they serve beer and sake .
friendly staff weak texmex  as authentic mexican you can tell that the salsa it out of jar very disappointing margarita is pre mixed in a big  nothing easier to make than a margarita from scratch its also fairly expensive .
beef burger taste great especially w wasabi sauce next time want to try tuna tataki salad .
the food was meh service seemed  waffles with berry compote and whipped cream was overpriced especially after they served it to me and said they didnt have any more whipped cream wont be back .
great quick quality food and great prices pretty sure my husband had 1 of everything on the menu .
good backyard is nice rabbit pot pie was tasty looked nice inside but was packed bad wine is ridiculously overpriced and not especially great wine a   doesnt make a snobby hipster with bad tattoos and no  wine knowledge a good waiter .
feels like it is healthy and tastes great better than fast food 13 gets plenty of grub for one .
small tables small plates good food big bill pleasant waitstaff found a hair in one of our lattes wont ever go again .
big fan of this place restaurant design is neutral  and wood no fluffy stuff it smells neutral as well no worry to smell fried fish when getting out very very affordable i particularly  the chicken bowl my favorite quick and cheap meal .
this place is gross i love fish and chips so i was thrilled when they moved in but this is like the mcdonalds of seafood friendly staff but yuck .
i really love the food taste is amazing the only bad part it can get very crowded .
took an hour and a half on a thursday to get my food was cold when i got it all the fish tasted of powder sugar could not eat most of the fish will not be ordering from them again .
seriously this place was outstanding rolls are on the big side of gigantic be ready to eat if you order more than one roll i thought the burgers looked great but didnt try this round reasonably price for dinner for two .
why the did yall move to down town people up town liked your place thanks for nothing .
im giving this place 4 stars because of the sweet potato tempura fries so good and crunchy the soft shell crab bun is good but the braised pork bun could use some more meat .
i expected the spring rolls to be fresh and not fried and the pad  glass noodle dish was just not very flavorful i think i maybe ordered badly because a lot of people like this place .
i chose the spicy tuna burger and sweet potato tempura fries so much yum going on here .
overcharged my credit card management has refused to talk to me after multiple calls we used to get takeout from trio every week this meal was greasy and tasted horrible as well .
stopped in for a quick  dinner the concept is pretty cool think japanese chipotle and the food is tasty quick healthy and filling simple  japanese food with a  ill definitely be back to try their other offerings .
read the reviews and tried the place the food was subpar and pricey bums can make this food somethings up with these great reviews me thinks alcohol was involved .
best .
i went one night for dinner by myself and they refused to seat me will not support a place that  to serve me because i went alone such a horrible feeling to feel not wanted because you were a party of one .
i tried the shrimp tempura roll it was freshly made and tasted great the seaweed salad was also very good the service was fast friendly and efficient .
slow service menu outdated due to items no longer served leak in the ceiling is not cute and dripping on the table is not cute .
the teriyaki sweet potato fries to die for .
i will pass .
great place friendly service great selection kobe burger was amazing terrific variety and selection for many different tastes fresh food nice people have been back multiple times and never disappointed .
dont bother calling them for delivery im only 3 2 miles away and they told me im outside their delivery radius either theyre extremely stupid or dont actually want to make deliveries .
best tempura fries sushi and burgers .
i got excited to hear that a new soul food place is in jersey city despite the rough looking exterior we went in the older lady was very rude advice learn how to speak to customers bad attitude made us leave before the food came .
best quick japanese around i love everything tuna burger is amazing clean fast fresh doesnt get any better .
i dont know who wrote these past reviews but this place was just ok i got all excited about a  spot in jc for nothing ive had way better food elsewhere only thing they serve really large drinks but i came to eat not drink .
definitely a fan of kobeyaki and will visit again just to have the udon soup great service and the atmosphere is like a cafeteria if you dont mind loudness .
i was told the food will take 20 minutes to get ready i only ordered cat fish nuggets and mac and cheese an hour passes and still no food catfish nuggets and mac and cheese were not worth the wait .
really nice tuna burger green tea ice cream sandwich was interesting fresh and good food .
once we entered maybe it was just that day or part of its charm the overwhelming  of b o death came upon us in  fantastic my brother now refer to it as that  bar because of how sketchy it looked inside .
near my hotel dream come true fast fresh with a  hand even my noodle bowl was great i almost reached into the guy sitting next to mes fries please go national we need you .
awful terrible no good very bad bar bartender never looked at us maybe its because i wasnt wearing black we left and found another place nearby that was much better .
they wrap up their burgers so they look like cute asian buns i got the chicken teriyaki burger ive never had anything like it it was quite messy to eat but delicious i would definitely go back and try their other burgers .
the drinks are cheap here but no cheaper than other bars in the area they have lots of games like jenga and buck hunter perfect for the hipster  who seem to  this place kinda corny and gimmicky free cheeseballs free cheeseballs indeed .
kobe burger and spicy rolls are awesome little expensive for everyday lunch but still having this all the time now i am broke .
we came here last night for a few drinks we had one round and then immediately exited overcrowded obnoxious patrons overcrowded obnoxious patrons overcrowded not my cup of tea  no thanks .
i got a burger at brgr right next to kobeyaki it was so disappointing that i threw it away half way through and went on got a good burger from here much better very unique flavor .
this place used to be called  and you could wander in and buy  from a guy sitting behind a door in what looked like broom  now patrons play jenga .
small place good for lunch udon noodles bowl with shrimps was great try the teriyaki ketchup and wasabi mayo staff very friendly .
what the hell  you to write in permanent marker no less random  on my debit card seriously what the hell .
good ramen great burgers and pork buns and good sushi .
gimmicks cheese balls beer  2 black label  big buck hunter im too old and  for the shitshow this place is on the weekends though .
clean fast innovative fresh friendly good portions i ordered the spicy tuna burger every detail was perfected from the buns to the salad topping to the huge piece of tuna i need kobeyaki to expand .
went back last week husbands order was wrong again we were also in the mood for onion rings so got an order and meh what a disappointment such a bummer this spot used to be our jam .
i went back and tried their broiled sushi rolls and the spicy tuna burger these things are mad tasty i eat them once a month .
stuffed cabbage had more potato than meat string beans were mush and inedible beats were mush and weird i felt sick after my meal half of which i didnt eat the only good part was that the servers were friendly and welcoming .
kobeyaki is delicious and well prepared i ordered the vegetable bowl with brown rice which comes with tofu amazingly fresh and filling yum i wouldnt hesitate to come back .
definitely no frills i felt pretty stuffed afterward i didnt think the food was anything special very nice service though .
love it here the food is delicious and fresh a little pricey but i dont mind too much because its fast and yummy loooove the tuna tataki salad ginger dressing is fabulous d .
pretty decent food nothing to write home about i had been craving pierogies all day staff aint too friendly but i might come back after testing some other pierogi spots in the neighborhood .
i miss living half a block from kobeyaki aside from their delicious burgers and sweet potato fries their miso soup and sushi though limited in options is excellent and the portions are generous im a huge fan of the salmon volcano roll and spicy tuna roll .
frozen steak and stale bread welcome to cheesesteak   1 there is another georges i believe famous georges in the italian market that does have a pretty good roast pork but i cant find it on yelp .
had a veg tofu rice bowl for lunch here one day so good and quick and the rest of their menu looks good too different types of burgers and sweet potato fries etc spicy mayo is goooood .
the service here is very disappointing we didnt get the usual show and the food was extremely salty i would not recommend this restaurant .
not the most authentic japanese food but really tasty sushi good location and food is served very quickly .
i decided to give this place another shot because i was nearby and wanted sushi i will not ever return the food is tolerable nothing spectacular but nothing terrible the service on the other hand is horrendous the hostess and servers look miserable and act miserable .
got off the  and was starving kobeyaki definitely came through and bonus for having alcohol not a place to go out of your way to eat but good to know its around .
came here on weekday for lunch based on yelp reviews in  order yellowtail roll was fine salmon teriyaki was edible service was barely passable would likely not return .
a very solid addition to the neighborhood fresh tasty food and fast so far i have tried the soft shell crab burger and the rice bowls both have been great .
i tried pani puri and  chat here today and the qualitytaste was not good the water quantity wasnt enough for the the pani puri in a plate .
i must say its very tasty food here i  mostly bowls with beef and chicken and they all were great good value also contemporary design good food convenient location and fast service perfect lunch if you are in the area recommended .
tasty snacks very rude owner smaller mom n pop shops on the same street are a better bet .
still my favorite .
ugh .
best new york meal ive had this year paneer was great zucchini pizza was incredible duck portobello confit was rich and delicious but the pork dumplings with apricot chutney were the best going back next weekend .
i sat there for 15 minutes and didnt get served or even acknowledged by the bartender so i left .
this is such a unique place atmosphere is dark cozy and exotic menu is small and filled with spicy surprises like zucchini and hummus together on pizza and pickled ginger scallops our waitress was so kind and accommodating it was like midwest service in the big apple .
absolutely not .
great a small menu but every plate is quality id recommend the pork buns and paneer to anyone communal tables are a  sword but it appropriately adds to the atmosphere .
prices are decent enough but the food is mediocre even by bar standards plus the lunchtime bartender was pretty obnoxious .
its been a while since i ate here but i do remember it was really good a bit loud drunk girls yelling and crowded but staff was cool and accommodated us best they could food made everything better and chef came out and said hey nice .
went for  lunch buffet got there an hour after it started all the  dishes needed  and they never did so annoyed might have lost me as customer they didnt even seem to be bothered by it .
everything about this place is wonderful including how small it is intimate cozy and colorful food here is an art we ordered basically everything from the menu a few items twice .
weirdly sweet chicken tikka not at all impressed and the naan is gross very disappointed .
unique ingredients amazing food my taste buds have  .
worst thai food ever expensive and worst food yellow curry was rotten caution before going to this resturant .
thought the environment was odd at first but the food more than made up for it strange wonderful bites well done .
not too much to say the food just wasnt that good got the pad thai and it wasnt sweet enough there just wasnt enough flavor this place was really crowded and it was like 56 oclock on a friday not quite sure what the buzz was about .
came here a few weeks ago with some friends we had almost everything on the menu despite the small venue the chef packs a lot of flavor into all the food the pork dumplings and the eggplant buns i recommend .
food quality  from quite good to abysmal probably depending on who is cooking even the waitress warned me not to order the pad thai one day because it was a new cook stopped going because of several disappointing meals .
dont go if youre claustrophobic or do not like familystyle tables a tiny place with great service a tasty menu and a fun ambiance must try lychee martini and veggie burger sliders .
its ok but not great i tried the pad thai with tofu and the curry of the day with tofu the pad thai tasted bad and the curry was ok but the only veggies were carrots and a couple of peppers it really wasnt good at all .
really cool menu the flavors were a really cool fusion of spices and ingredients we tried the hummus pizza paneer burgers and each dish was more delicious than the next one drawback is that the place is really tiny good luck if youre over 6 feet .
they closed as i was walking up going to lunch at  on a saturday and didnt want to help me i drove across town to check them out but wasnt about to wait around 20 minutes so i took my unwanted cash to the italian market .
surprisingly good the first time i went last couple times are just okay but still decent and different memorable food and priced well love the pork  tight seating had good wine usually can get a reservation last minute .
waited three hours for a table saw famous people ate disappointing sandwich all in all not a great experience .
what a great and unexpected find we started with the hummus pizza and loved every bite of each dish we ordered .
we waited one hour before getting a seat the brunch wasnt really good not tasty i dont think that i will come back .
the a la cart menu was delicious the best we had this ny visit service was very nice too check out this place for one of a kind fusion dining prepare to reserve some days upfront .
the burger didnt do much for me i did finish it though .
a unique and intimate experience that never fails to please food is like a  mash of every taste youve ever had and always works amazingly how they turn out that quality of food from a kitchen that size is  .
generic food and very very loud .
one of the most memorable and delicious meals weve ever had in nyc the restaurant is very cozy the staff are inviting and knowledgeable the food is unique and phenomenal and we always look forward to what the chef will create next .
my daughter hated her dish and i thought mine was just ok the service is slow there are better places for lunch in nyc .
this place makes my taste buds happy that they ever existed come here order everything thank me later .
looked very good from the outside but i was disappointed my burger was terrible .
i love this place it is small but very charming the staff are always warm and welcoming and they never hesitate to accomodate special dietary needs the food is amazing and everyone treats you like family i highly recommend this to any foodie .
we had a group of 4 and all had the tasting menu we covered pretty much the entire menu the highlight of the meal for me was the appetizers from there i thought the meal got worse as it went on it was a pretty disappointing meal .
this place is great we ordered all the vegetarian things on the menu the zuchini pizza mango paneer eggplant bun and dumplings were all excellent the  bhaji burger was ok overall the server was very attentive and helpful would 100 go back again .
most overrated restaurant in philadelphia this was not better than any middleeastern joint serving 5 gyros or fallafel the hummus was nothing special the meatballs were greasy total ripoff .
this is a tiny place with wonderfully inventive food the service was great and it truly is a great experience you should call to make a reservation and be prepared for communal dining .
had high expectations based upon reviews disappointed lamb was just fair rest of courses could have been  more thoughtfully maybe just a bad saturday night for the kitchen .
small quaint interactive and spectacular and the food is amazing too .
food was not good at all ive had great middle eastern food before and this is not it .
very small restaurant w great service the paneer and scallops were good but nothing special the zucchini hummus pizza was absolutely  and i wasnt a fan of the duck but i dont typically eat duck so i wouldnt know id go back .
if u like small plates that are really expensive then go here .
fantastic best for a date or small groups this lovely  spot is the size of a jewel box .
good ambiance okay service but the worse food in town .
one of my favorite restaurants this place screams new york and has solid food to back it up the owner and staff also kick ass you have to check it out .
fantastic food great location deafening music .
lovely restaurant and staff be warned its very cozy so you need to be willing to meet your neighbors try the zucchini pizza and the duck mushroom both really delicious .
the food was spotty the salads tried to be unique but were odd the hummus was great and so was the bread great atmosphere would not go again .
awesome restaurant not one bad thing on the menu must try everything especially the lychee martini only down side is that it is very small in the dining area but the food makes up for that .
extra small plates 3 bites literally for hostess is disinterested food is cold and nothing special drinks are bland and contain minimum alcohol interior designer did a pretty good job but the rest is meh .
great place for a bottle of wine with friends had a great bottle of red for 25 adorable decor and not to mention place  great service .
the food was so wonderful and the presentation was elegant unfortunately i spent about 24 hours after my  meal at zahav vomiting up  spiced lamb and i didnt even drink or order anything that normally  my stomach boo .
this is definitely a new favorite of mine really kind service staff unique dishes which are described explained upon serving and a nice cozy ambiance such a great find .
my friend got food poisoning from eating their curry please stay away from curry dishes and please  this from happening again mr manager owner .
came to new york for a conference and ended up  across this restaurant great food great ambiance for someone out of town it really made me feel like i was at home great job graffiti .
stop drop the  banh mi this place received a c grade from the health department barf unless you want rat poop seasoning in your pho skip this once delicious holeinthewall .
awesome food wonderful friendly service chef mehta himself was taking reservations the first time i popped in here he was so downtoearth and helpful and managed to squeeze us in though we didnt have reservations must try the lychee martini .
vietnamese take out had the shrimp summer rolls which were very tasty also had the banh mi sandwich which i did not care for at all i ordered it spicy and it was  i did not care for the  pork and could not finish the sandwich .
i am very impressed by the chef awesome place i dont have much to say right now but they are really original and tasteful very cool  and classy place .
sent my food in a container with a big hole in it pretty disgusting mistake obvious sanitation problems are a huge red flag .
absolutely amazing food and brilliant service best meal in nyc so far impossible for it not to be a squeeze so go either  once you book in advance teeny tiny space is used to perfection food is combined almost  for the palette great wine .
delivery took an hour an a half so plan on them taking a while aside from that the bahn mi sandwich was pretty impressive as were the vermicelli noodles .
pretty much all the reviews i read were spot on incredible food great service in a tiny space i really enjoyed the theme though the graffiti theme was very well put together definitely worth a visit probably not a first date spot .
good stuff staff talks about the customers in spanish calling  they thing is gay a  means  in spanish  not very good for business maybe the owner great guy should rethink his staff .
got the hummus pizza pork buns and bottle of malbec all amazing everything they say about here is true you have to get lucky for seating .
service and food wasnt good i was expecting so much more from its reputation but meal just wasnt memorable with the price and service worth 1 star .
fantastic dinner even though we made last minute reservations and ended up eating at 10pm at a table with 5 strangers plates are small enough that you can  several different things but still have a filling dinner food was divine and service was incredibly warm .
meh black diamond burger and fries seemed pre cooked crowd was even more wannabes than usual and this was just lunch at the bar service was insincere and rushed not particularly attentive or pleasant either .
this was an experience we ordered nearly everything off the menu and loved everything except the pepper ice cream it tasted like a burger which is not what you want when expecting ice cream oh and lychee martini is amazing .
awful they brought our side dishes after we were finished with our main course and then they brought the soufflé after half an hour even though we ordered it before hand when we ordered the main courses no apology nothing not going back .
very unique fusion menu cozy cramped setting but they really make the best of the space the owner and one other waiter share all the tables so the service was great .
i dont feel the same way about this black label burger its not that good it has no flavor i really dont get it pasta zaza was the same ehhh its ok but not worth t he theyre charging .
excellent my memory is a little foggy but i remember sharing pork dumplings watermelon salad lychee martini chicken flat bread and paneer they lychee martini is so damn good stick to a party of 2 and learn to love your neighbor .
usually love this place but last time the maitred totally looked me up and down told me it would be an hour wait i cant help it if im pregnant and want to wear sneakers ok they clearly had two tops available .
very good .
a bit overrated im a huge foie gras fan but the black label burger lacked balance .
food was great tapas style the place is extremely small so you will share your small tables with others unless you have 8 people in your party the staff also explains the food very well it makes you appreciate the food more .
my first bad review not good i would have been just as happy at a burger joint i spent 125 00 for a burger steak and 2 beers i was expecting the burger to be better i would spend money elsewhere sorry .
this place is amazing my favorite dish was the hamburgers theyre the most flavorful burgers ive ever gotten we actually had almost everything in the menu and it was all excellent .
i know this is a  paradise but the menu would benefit greatly from another vegetarian option in addition to the zaza pasta which has been on the menu for a  long time id come here more often if there was more variety in the veggie options .
two words holy fck wow this restaurant is the definition of delish no room to move but hey thats part of the experience no have the zucchini pizza and the watermelon feta  yum .
for sure ive experienced better the food is good had the foie gras not so good expected more that is no toast with and the french dip it was pretty good but the service 1 star conclusion dont have reasons to return .
i have been here twice it is super small place and you have to share a table with somebody else but you can eat excellent indian inspired foods wine is excellent too service is great i like waiter and waitress explain your food each time they bring them .
service was great black label burger was not life changing .
the menu is very original and the place so unique it is a very tiny place so you have to reserve but definitively try this restaurant the service is really great .
by far the worst meal i have had at a restaurant in new york the meat was stiff and the marrow was disgusting absolutely horrible avoid this place by any means regardless of te positive reviews .
the cumin eggplant buns are to die for all i can say is this place is a must try difficult to get in without a reservation so book in advance .
incredibly overrated the highly  26 burger is no better than the 6 75 burger you can get at corner bistro a true disappointment i would not recommend minetta tavern .
chef mehta rules and props again to  com for telling us to go here extremely small restaurant but yes this is proof that small things come in great packages im fully obsessed and will be telling everyone i know to go here thanks chef mehta .
i was so disappointed the food was not good tasted like frozen meals the place was not inspiring at all nor the service i wont go back they lost me at the first bite .
awesome food and service .
this place has changed i used to like everything including byob the price and the taste there is no more byob good food and good price used to recommend everyone but no way now .
genius on a small plate the flavors were unexpected and incredible jehangir was an excellent host whose descriptions of the plates helped  up an amazing culinary experience catch him now before his  on the next iron chef puts the line around the block at graffiti .
food is horrible cash or amex only is there another la sirene that everyone else just loves im so confused what i was doing there goat cheese tart ok filet mignon with foie gras meh strawberry tart what .
jehangir is an incredible chef and an incredible host the food was impeccable his  spot on and the attention to your dining experience unparalleled we spent 50 per person including tip exclusive of wine the wine was good and at reasonable restaurant price .
dont understand why this place has 4 5 stars maybe because its well priced and there arent many good restaurants in that area it doesnt deserve 4 5 stars though i thought the food was very mediocre no air ventilation with open kitchen .
great inventive food  indian but more general asian fusion loved the pork buns hummus pizza and watermelon sorbet salad the dishes were all smaller than i would want though .
for the price one would at least expect great food an updated decor and keep the pretentiousness to a minimum right think again my recommendation  you wont regret it .
great for  and yummy desserts plus a fun hole in the wall type spot .
practically in the  byob is awesome mussels were great filet was shitty too much sauce the fiance said it tasted like a mcdonalds burger  good service .
i absolutely love this place the food is magnificent they have nice drinks friendly atmosphere affordable nice quiet friendly servers the food is seasoned so good .
i dont understand these reviews i had the goat cheese tart octopus and a salad the tart was nothing special the octopus was rubbery and smelled and the salad was ok this place is not deserving of the extraordinary reviews it receives big .
i really love their food and the atmosphere is really nice just needs a little more elbow room but its a very nice restaurant and again the food is delicious their prices are fair .
i went here based on all the great reviews i had the baked seafood and my wife had the pork dish the food and service was mediocre it was way overpriced for the quality i was  i was at jean  in soho instead .
great place parking sucks though .
this place is okay dont go if you are very hungry or expecting a big meal you can spend your money elsewhere especially since it is not inexpensive .
gem neighborhood spot ive been here 3 times for lunch food is freshly prepared and well flavored with good sized portions the soups are amazing exceptionally clean definitely worth a visit .
i was expecting french bistro perfection and was underwhelmed the ambiance was nice but everything we ordered seemed  i wouldnt recommend the flavor just missed the mark .
been going here for years love the food fries need to be improved but other sides are an option take out is my usual experience few times i sat at restaurant area once i got a nasty waiter but thats ok food was still good .
food was warm the booths were extremely small and close together the food was overpriced and the eggs were burnt i will definitely not go back the hype about gluten free and organic breakfast is not worth the price tag or atmosphere .
love this place from the wonderful wait staff to the food and the atmosphere the best steak and paella ever .
boring blah and overpriced and   not what you want when you gotta have  the only part of the visit that got 5 stars was our lovely waitress she was a dream .
first time to visit this place ordered seafood platter mango sangria we loved it great service too planning to go back here again bring more friends to enjoy it .
served me a salad and the lettuce had gone off genuinely awful they took it off the bill which is cool but i would recommend coming here to drink and only eat pub food my husbands burger was great .
always great food chicken is a must sangria is very good good service too .
nope expensive generic bar food depressing music while you drink really good beer almost  the awesome beer selection last time they will see me .
love this place for their bbq chicken and rice ah their rice is amazing fav .
the cool  was so much better good place if you want to meet  valley  and   types .
decent happy hour their wings here are pretty damn good the mussels looked awesome i will be getting them next nice little atmosphere .
the  was really disappointing my friend and i ate brunch here while visiting philadelphia the potatoes with both of our meals were burnt i had a tofu scramble that tasted like air the restaurant ran out of bread would not go again or recommend this restaurant .
this venue is very big and i had seen a couple of shows here fun and exciting as a place like this goes and a good place for  .
only had drinks here the lychee mimosa was not very good a bit too  and flavorless staff is nice and space is roomy .
i love this place the atmosphere is always appropriate service is good and selection is good not fantastic selection but good .
extremely disappointed with this place they served at my company and i ordered the grilled chicken dish which came with 1 base the amount of food i received for 8 was equivalent to maybe an appetizer i thought it was joke .
i really like this place but im trying to give away less 5 stars review to boost my  on this yelp service so yeah i recommend the happy hour half price craft drafts and appetizers the fries are fantastic .
came in on a tuesday night completely empty got the beef cooked medium it was terrible not a lot of flavor .
5 happy hour mussels and theyre delicious sounds good to me .
i called in to pick up a large pizza i got there a few minutes early and waited when i got the pizza it was completely toasted and burned in some spots too bad the flavor was there but we could not enjoy it being so over baked .
great atmosphere good prices .
worst experience waiting for my pizza and they decided to mop the floors with ammonia and bleach everyone including the employees who were sitting and eating were turned off by the strong smell wonder what the health dept would say lost my appetite and left .
food delicious specials wings whatever you get its all good beer strong  of good beer restrooms tiny one person easy to locate great neighborhood bar great happy hour great bartenders very chill but can get lively very quickly .
i ordered a chicken parmesan sandwich and it gave me food poisoning horrible place dont ever go to that place .
decent selection of beer and really great vegetarian food options i tried the black bean veggie burger which was one of the best i ever had my boyfriend got the brie sandwich which was really new and interesting its a cool place to hang out with friends .
im not sure what all the hubbub is about  what am i missing whats so exceptional about it everything about it was absolutely average nj pizzeria pizza thin crust tomato sauce and a blend of cheese nothing else to say .
this is a great neighborhood bar that people come to from all over for the live music and atmosphere definitely a philly fairmount staple good beer food and mix of people i love this place .
everyone raves about his pizza but i have to go against the norm and say its overhyped unless you like thin crust terrible sauce and flakey pizza then this is your place i am surprised this place wins the local bogus best pizza  go to  instead .
i am a big fan of this place i love the atmosphere and the bands the food is good and the drinks are better great crowd and the bartenders are awesome .
went because of the hype and that darn burger ranking food soso burger just okay most disturbing were the  didnt make sense with the  lights up and seating on top of your neighbor the good news is that i dont have to go back .
great place to watch some live music in fairmount stage on one end bar on the other plenty of room to get around and the bartender was attentive i lived here for a year and only went once i was missing out .
if you truly want amazing authentic vietnamese sandwich go to ba xuyen in 8th ave brooklyn .
i really like this place good food love the yummy vegetarian options fun atmosphere great music nice servers great to have in the neighborhood .
this place was not the one for me halfway into my sirloin steak sandwich i realize the  meat has white hairs my appetite was gone instantly i especially wanted to like this place because i was in the mood for it .
north star is a pretty rough and   space and bar in our neighborhood they have a great beer list thats reasonably priced the bartenders are really friendly and its a lot of fun seeing a show here .
meh ive experienced better i know a place just a few blocks away that sells the bbq pork sandwich for 4 25 with a lot more filling and my mouth its burning they dont use bread they use glass  .
awesome beer selection for a venue and a neighborhood bar very hipster but thats all good the beer and chill atmosphere are well worth the trip there is no cover if you are just going to the bar on show night .
the stale bread was flaky the pickled  and cilantro was falling all over the place and the tasteless grilled chicken made the banh mi a disappointing mess i left the bakery a bit  but mostly confused after hearing rave reviews .
nice place to catch a show the happy hour is good 4 for 1 wings and half price drafts i miss the pool table but overall the staff is good and the crowd is chill good place to have a drink in fairmount .
 location for a banh mi sandwich shop average tasting food in my opinion good not great i enjoy eating at raw and natural vietnamese restaurants not commercial tasting 2 stars meh .
i am a big fan of this place i love the atmosphere and the bands the food is good and the drinks are better great crowd and the bartenders are awesome .
i got a stomach ache from the chicken curry sandwich the roast pork bahn mi is good cheap eats .
i sat next to the grandmother of the drummer the drummer was great the grandmother was better she told me how she had  in that very bar 35 years earlier its tough to be a legit bar and a concert venue  does it well .
used to like this sandwich but now my palate has  after checking out tons of other banh mi shops once was good under the bridge but now its just  of meat some cheap dry bread and the roof of the mouth cut up .
probably the best venue to catch a band in philly they must have a great booking  because a lot of the bands who play here end up getting huge within a year go weekly youre bound to  the next big thing .
i think they are overrated the last time i had banh mi it was so dry that the bread almost  my lips it looked like the bread was  overnight because of the kitchen smell but not toasted .
small friendly bar with a back room where you can catch some great live music .
got the 1 made me feel sick the place in the brooklyn china town is better ba xuyen .
very good indo chinese food  location decent ambiance decent service i didnt like the options in lunch buffet .
its called saigon sandwiches in san  .
love this halal indochinese place their buffet isnt that great but their menu items are scrumptious i strongly reccomend to get their crispy honey chicken with noodles and their mongolian beef .
dont remember which sandwich i got but it was spicy the actual ingredients were pretty good and a decent price also a nice size half was a good portion for me but the bread was waaay too hard and  never ate the 2nd half .
get a bagel sandwich with egg ham cheese tomato and pesto mayo youll thank me also eating it on some random persons porch definitely adds to the experience .
the last two times weve gone here it was premade which made the bread tough and crunchy the ends of the bread were inedible and the pork was very hard and chewy im off this place now and going back to hancos in brooklyn made to order fresh .
henry st deli over   day everyday we all wish we had it in boston sriracha sauce king before it was cool .
sam bu  drink is weird not my cup of tea seaweed  chestnut maybe id try the banh next time but since there is lots of banh places in chinatown i will most likely try it else where .
cant go wrong with their sandwiches or breakfast  for long lines on weekend mornings .
the flavor was good but the bread was hard and the meat was like pork jerky ive had way better in california the sandwich shop shares their space with a  store so that was weird too its really small and always packed with people .
henry street deli is awesome fresh sandwiches good coffee great owners this is definitely the spot in burlington to get a quality sandwich they dont skimp on anything here they also have a nice selection of beer and grilling meats go here .
the food is not the fanciest but it is good home style polish food using quality ingredients and love my favorite was the dessert fresh baked  bread that reminded me of a local bakery in new britain my parents used to take me as a small child .
call ahead if you know what you want  time .
the  punch was the worst drink i had in my life also 30 some dollars for two drinks .
friendly staff great selection fairly priced good scene no seating delicious fresh food two thumbs up .
walked in at 11 on a saturday there were 10 open tables but was told they wouldnt take walk ins because their computer was down absurd will not try to come again .
awesome sandwiches on fresh juniors bread great place for an affordable sandwich try a blt with sriracha cheddar and garlic mayo .
neighborhood brunch spot  food was not too impressed other spots are better like sidecar green eggs  and sabrinas .
best breakfast sandwiches ever best hungover breakfast in burlington .
went there for a business lunch with two clients was mortified when the 25 bottle of wine i ordered had a screw cap and not a cork this wasnt even the cheapest bottle on the wine list they should know better .
great .
the owner is so rude and i had kebab was disgusting cold and old i dont understand why do people go over there and sit out side for  there are nice places in new haven .
tasty breakfast sandwiches and other sandwiches too at this burlington convenience store they stock highquality products and their staff is friendly and helpful .
really disappointed with this place chicken pita was so badly burned i couldnt finish it just really did not enjoy anything about it .
always good vaca frita thats what im  bout i got a mouth orgasm from dat dont forget to put the lime on it  .
im not sure why everyone loves this place so much its fine but nothing special there are way better tasting mediterranean places in new haven mediterranea for example .
i enjoyed my first time at cuban petes the mini cuban sandwich appetizer melt in your mouth the beef empanadas were okay a little starchy the music was a little loud though and the dimmed lighting can make it hard for you to see and remember to byob .
falafel overcooked rocky hummus runny babaganoush different not with tomato which is the way ive always had  it this one is light brown paper plates meh looks like the place needs a good cleaning dinky  tables appreciate that they are open late .
best sangrias and food hands down really nice and loud atmosphere great spot for the summer they have outdoor seating .
the food is decent but the service  on  its like the customers are secondary to some invisible  .
the food was great i had the ropa vieja and it tasted amazing the empanadas as an appetizer were even better the environment was great the only drawback was the place was crowded almost an hour wait to get seated .
 no yes desperate times need desperate food such as 3 am and nothing else is serving food around even in those  this place is a maybe but if you want real mediterranean food during regular hours just walk half a block up and go to  .
one of my favorites restaurants so far all the food is amazing the service is  and the price is very nice totally recomended .
i like the hours service was not very good and good was so so dont think i would go twice .
great party atmosphere good food highlights are the tapas steak and pork dishes didnt like the snapper byob .
i like it in general but avoid anything with lamb here trust me on this one .
ive been here several times and as always this time was no exception i usually get the cuban but this time tried the fish tacos they were great as well next time i may try the pork tacos mix it up a little .
i dont like baklava sp this makes me weird so no comment on the dessert i dont get the hype about this place its not even that cheap usually get the vegetarian platter maybe i should branch out .
lovely place its byob bring your own bottle perfect place to dine outside in the summertime the churrasco is amazing .
i dont really get why mamouns is so hyped up it is open late and its cheap which is great but the food is mediocre and i always get a kind of sketchy feeling when im there also seriously guys you cant place a minimum on credit cards .
one of my favorite spots for dinner great sangria and the wings were excellent .
decent middleeastern fare but honestly it doesnt hold a candle to the nyc original or  in jersey city nj for that matter if you want real mamouns hop on  and go to the real mamouns in manhattan .
best cuban coffee ever fantastic place always packed no regrets no disappointments everything fresh and delicious if you have  you can wear it here .
blech i live around the corner and i really like middle eastern food so i keep coming here hoping that it will be good this time alas my hopes are once again dashed by tasteless greasy falafel and kofta drowned in tahini .
long wait but the food was good i might go again .
the foods ok and the hours are just right but im not really into eating at a joint with  bathrooms bug  and blatant sexual harassment of the waitresses sorry .
good meal good value just a little loud the music after awhile will give you a headache tapas appetizers are good and cheep the ricky ricardo ribs are pretty good you definitely have to try the experience .
cheap  kinda place i do get  after eating here now and again but hey when youre a  grad student how can you say no to a 5 dinner better bring cash though its the 21st century but believe it or not they dont take  .
amazing .
i have found mamouns to be a little dirty and the food is a little blah if i am in the mood for really good middleeastern food i will go to the olive tree in milford .
have only done tapas here must get ham croquettes those and the stuffed plantains lollipop chicken good ribs good cuban sandwich ace empanadas solid reasonably priced service attentive nice walkway to the restaurant .
very disappointed the quality has decreased tofu soup base is just plain water add kimchi we ordered 2 seafood tofu bean curd they only gave us 1 unfresh shrimp and 2 little  thats all ridiculous plus a lot of msg .
food is good and the environment is very nice it was a little loud for me but nothing i couldnt deal with i took my dad and brother when they came to visit and they liked it as well .
i dont recommend this restaurant anymore the quality has really gone downhill ingredients are bad execution is horrible their oily and fried dishes taste  rancid fried dishes are either undercooked or burnt meat quality is questionable sad .
good food nice service super loud but definitely come here and try it for yourself .
this place closed and has now reopened as  this is the family that operated this place in the  as stewarts root beer i have not been there yet but will be soon .
other 5 star reviews are spot on not much to add went there only one time but loved it .
we went on a slow night and werent thrilled dont believe the hype .
great food and atmosphere i typically have the pollo cubano and sangria theres usually a long wait so try to arrive early .
overpriced kind of rundown and very americanized i much prefer  and even  which are not far from here even my then 11 year old son thought it was pretty bland .
excellent place very energetic wait time is not bad food wait is short very cool place .
wow is this place still in existance its in a real depressing area and i went there after reading good reviews on it it was nothing more then overpriced chinese food stick with chinatown baby for the real stuff .
the oxtail dish is delicious .
once or twice is fine but the food gets repetitive very fast i only tried a few of the burritos all were pretty heavy and didnt quite make me want to come again anymore .
the food here is always deelish i love the paella the fish is heavenly cuban petes does it for me im in love .
burritos are a bit pricey but not bad at all and you get some choices its fast food for the most part but gets the job done and perfect for a college town .
it was a great experience when we did visit this restaurant i did love the place alot of people the skirt steak was cooked to perfection plus the chorizo in red wine is my favorite the service was good too and attentive its worth to go here .
you can play a game with your orange chicken dish you can see that it looks orange but you will not find any actual chicken in the  congealed gulp crap my 6 95 is now  at the bottom of the bin steer clear .
this is one of my favorite places to eat the waiters are sexy and friendly and the food is amazing its always packed but so worth the wait .
i have been here a couple of times i just dont get it service is blah the menu is just ok i always left  my head .
go here for lunch it is not nearly as loud the white sangria was excellent even without alcohol pork was excellent steak is ok as normal id stick with the appetizers .
very inconsistent .
had a great time there the food was very good the place looks great and the staff was very friendly would definitely go back again the only downside is that it can get pretty noisy .
great atmosphere service but mediocre food all the food was really heavy on butter and i love butter but not as the  flavor for everything expensive for the lack of quality maybe the bar menu would be better to try here .
excellent good food fun times i recommend the marinated chicken breast with black beans and coconut rice along with the plantains it is byob bring your own bottle for the sangria .
this placed has changed hands the chef is no longer with them this is being  as an upscale italian rest beware it is not the same .
went here for my 21st birthday the food was so good the atmosphere was upbeat and they sang for me there sangria was really good just make sure you get there early if u want to avoid the wait .
i ordered wings and they were a bit salty the people there were friendly though im sure if i had called in to bring them back i would have gotten an exchange .
get here early the place is lively however their waiting method needs to be looked at your in a crowded area waiting for a table standing over other people eat .
pizza used to be good plain cheese pie was so chewy store had flies all over we just couldnt wait inside .
this place is incredible it is a favorite of myself and all of my friends if you have not tried it you must .
better pizza at dominos onion rings were as soggy as a cooked noodle p s the images on the web site bare no  to the food no bubbly crust no golden cheese no light char on the pie just typical blah .
the cuban food here is amazing b y o b .
first time there since it reopened quickly remembered why it closed absent minded bar tending and long strand of hair on entree  good grief charlie browns good grief .
fun atmosphere good food great music a nice break from the usual american italian restaurants will definitely go back .
terrible service waited a long time for the waiter to take our order they ran out of the drink special the salad bar was old and the food was mediocre stay away .
i  it here ropa  coconut shrimp are the best bring your own that can be mixed into a sangria or mojito street  parking the owner is a doll and always accommodating fun lively saturday night out kind of place .
not a wine bar very limited wine selection flights not available loud music pass .
good food reasonable price good customer service great ambiance loud but fun expect to wait on weekends bring red wine or rum bring your friends or family parking behind the place or at  for 5 .
food is great but service is horrible they get angry if you ask for anything i got a nasty look just for asking for a soda and a fork smh guess it was cause i look mexican .
i m here every sunday i love this place good food service is good too they get pretty busy on the weekends after 4 thou over all very nice the ambience is cool palm trees and cuban decor .
ive ordered take out from this place twice and i have not been impressed the sandwiches were bland and dry i was underwhelmed im not quite sure why this place has such amazing reviews .
go go back then go again one of the best cuban restaurants in the  area did i mention you should go because you should try the coconut rice instead of the plain white rice .
terrible service we were seated and completely ignored had to get our own water from the bar ended up walking out what the hell .
last month i had friends visiting from out of town so brought them straight here for lunch after picking them up from the airport as always food was on point delicious they loved it .
not what i expected dull tasting food with water downed drinks will probably give it one more try .
the food is so dam good my family and i keep coming bavk for more good to try and go for an early dinner cause the evening gets pretty packed but for good reason must try the flan its the best .
horrible place the food is good but our party was kicked out ten minutes after we paid i didnt even finish my sangria .
amazingly prepared food wonderful music albeit canned and very nice service staff not sure if they ever offer live music aside from brief  played by some of the waiters would be wonderful if there were live cuban bands sometimes .
my experience with this place fail .
amazing authentic cuban restaurant with the most delicious food ever ill definitely come back here the atmosphere all around is just awesome great for summer .
it used to be good the food is decent but the service went to hell arrogant low class thugs now serve you very disappointed long time customer mike t .
i love cuban petes alittle noisy and rushed but waitstaff is very friendly and efficient food is  and drinks are well done ample  parking in back .
this place appeared to have great reviews but was really soso i wasnt greeted for about 5 minutes while standing there food was good but really just average drinks were better than the food unique combinations .
byob great place everything is excellent always packed arroz con leche is on point .
i really tried liking this place but the food was overpriced they were unable to give me what i ordered from their menu for each course dessert drinks dinner and apps my waitress was great but i dont think ill return .
me and my family went here to eat lunch after church this place was amazing foods were delish and absolutely fairly affordable but it was loud prolly because the next family seating beside us  10  the  manners please .
came here a few months back kinda small food was okay and our waitress could care less will not be coming back .
this place is an easy 5 stars great atmosphere great staff usually always busy but its worth the wait i come all the way from ny to eat here amazing amazing amazing .
it was ok the only thing they might have to adjust is the seating cramped decent food amount and price will try it again .
i love this restaurant very delicious and well seasoned food main problem is that the sauce was way too oily the last time i went chicken lollipops are delicious and fast service nice pleasant atmosphere .
good authentic mojitos average ethnic latin food wont make a trip to be back .
5 stars i love this restaurant the food is always great and the atmosphere is always festive outdoor seating feels like you are dining in cuba with the palm trees and the music .
festive atmosphere nice staff seems the bar is the focus though not the food which is what i came for cachapa and empanada too small no  inside the oily chicken empanada wont return .
byo and pretty loud but all around great place wasnt too impressed with entrees tapas are definitely the way to go goat cheese fritters and beef empanadas are great .
ive been here several times and each visit its just okay i think the best part is the atmosphere it just has that fun bright and colorful flair again cant say anything great about food flavor is just okay cooked okay .
 plus reviews need i say anymore had the chicken stew it was awesome came with beans and plantain the stuffed peppers were good as an appetizer loved the mojito a must have just get a glass instead if a pitcher if you are going alone .
super pricey and way too packed this restaurant should think of expanding alot of people come to the restaurant and they simply can not handle the rush rather spend my money at a place that doesnt want to rush me out and can handle the dinner rush .
restaurant is really good the service and staff are very friendly food quality was amazing and wait for the food was short ropa vieja taste amazing highly recommended .
not worth it for the price staff is friendly but you still have to wait an hour to get your food and portions are small for the rich and famous not for the 99 eat elsewhere .
what a great place the food is delicious prices are great and its byob you cant beat that i loved the atmosphere crowded but inviting ill definitely be back here again .
the food only lacked one thing taste service was slow air  was off and it was 90 degrees outside chairs  .
great place with great atmosphere and food inside though it can get loud it is byob .
this place has great ambiance and a real latin flair this will draw you in too bad the food sucks balls dont come here ever .
atmosphere is fun service was great and the food was delicious best skirt steak ive ever had .
went here once not sure if id go back as it was a scene and way too loud food not out of this world i should know as i spent five years living in south america and i know my arepas .
delicious as usual i have the skirt steak like i always do and it seems to taste better n better every time its byob and they provide the sangria mix one of my favorite dinning spots .
we didnt like it at all food sucked as did service wished we went elsewhere .
everytime i am in montclair nj i always come here love the food it doesnt matter what i get its always good they have music playing and great atmosphere great for groups .
they charge u extra to toast a bagel whats next an  charge to enter the premises i live around the corner theyll never get another nickel out of me .
food is delicious and great for the price byob is recommended stay away from the weekends place is ridiculously packed i went on a wednesday and it was nice pleasant and no wait i had the grilled chicken black beans maduros abd white rice perfect .
the place is getting a face lift its being modernized all of the charm of this once quaint historic enjoyable and magical place is gone its a disgusting transformation of one of my former favorite spots in philadelphia rip venture inn .
awesome awesome food one downfall the crowd that goes is the definition of well ratchet as you could call it .
good diner food chicken with gravy mashed potatoes nice steamed veggies for 15 chicken  not as good as i remember it its good solid comfort food .
during the summer you can sit outside and the tapas are great again get their early during the summer they are super busy .
nice cozy spot in the neighborhood the two star review is for being told that they were too busy to take an order that i was willing to go in and pick up when they supposedly offer order for pick up .
love cuban petes been here many times for private parties girls night out and dates love the food love the music and staff sangria is great love that its byob everything about cuban petes is amazing .
not sure how they can such a nice rating food is below average at best .
i liked the ropa  chicken cuz liked enchilado with shrimp no alcohol but a liquor store three doors down on to  at the  fred you nearby he he .
went there when they first opened up and it was horrible not sure if it has gotten better based on the reviews below but will never go back there go to masala grill which is always good .
americanized cuban food much better than i expected considering the  name of of some of the items like the ricky ricardo ribs i tried some of every ones plate and everything was really good as a cuban i can recommend this place .
awful food i love indian food but this was just disapointing all together the chicken tikka masala tasted liked a marinara sauce even the rice was bad will never go back nor recommend it also very expensive save your money and take it elsewhere .
authentic food fun vibe and great service can get loud and busy but its part of the experience and worth it .
blah mediocrity nothing is very tasty or fresh the service is friendly though the decor is drab and depressing it is pretty reasonably priced .
awesome place there is not a bad thing on the menu place is always packed yet the service never lacks the mojito mix that they make goes perfect with bacardi  if youre in the area definitely stop in here .
i ordered the  pizza i really wanted to love it but the crust was soggy and i ate it in the restaurant maybe its just me but i like a pizza crust that can handle its toppings .
great cuban food that is only overshadowed by an even better atmosphere .
had the  pizza was underwhelmed overpriced for portion size waiter was inattentive dont understand the hype of this place will not be back .
absolutely remarkable if you dont eat here you are a  .
dont order delivery here called an hour after placing my order through seamless they hadnt even started making the food yet dont recommend .
great place to have a really good time the manager is really nice food is great its byob the staff is really nice as well .
i am a regular at this place for years always got the falafel sandwich and they do have good falafels hence i crave for it but charging a dollar per falafel is absurd i was shocked to pay almost 7 dollars for 6 small falafels .
byob cant go wrong .
greasy hummus eggplant soaked in grease couscous sautéed in grease grease chicken  .
date night and decided to order a bunch of tapas and a side of rice the perfect amount of food for us and all very flavorful definitely worth coming back .
meh food is ok hummus is ok they arent very nice there and most people waiting on you have really bad english so they hard to understand i wont be back .
while the food is good i would not describe it as the star amazing service and vibrant fun atmosphere if you are looking for an upbeat fun dining experience step right in byob they have amazing cubans fruit juice combinations to make your own tasty  .
two stars only for the food hummus and falafel are both horrible no flavor at all id rather go to taim and maoz pita bread is bland too i make better hummus than these guys .
service muah food fabulous tappas on point and if you love fish try the fried whole red snapper and introduce yourself to the owner hes the guy with the big smile  am .
gyro is disgusting and gave me a stomach ache the hummus  sucks second time around i hear the  is great but i wouldnt give this place a third chance the pita is just bland and made with pretty low grade flour and other ingredients .
great environment and food the owner was so nice and help byob place which is a plus anything on this menu it awesome the mixed drink are crazy good i would say stop by on a busy night it more entertaining and fun night .
id expected this place to be a lot better i was totally wrong went to this place with a few friends one saturday afternoon hummus is watered down its supposed to be creamy not like soup falafel was mediocre i dont recommend this place at all .
have been here four times and have had great food and service i highly recommend this hot spot .
nothing special sort of like a  chipotle chicken was sort of dry whole wheat pita was a bit dry as well its an  if you have no other choices but i think there are some better options around .
if youre looking for inexpensive dinner spot this is not the place it is a bit pricey but the cost is reasonable given how delicious the food definitely worth the price .
 owner was unbelievably rude and ignorant choosing to  instead of satisfy this customer besides that i experienced the staff as in a hurry with incompetent communication skills will not ever return owner needs to learn some customer relations skills and manage his  tendencies .
solid food that always hits the spot been a few times now and service has always been spot on as well the menu is huge always a chance to try something new the coconut rice and sweet potato sides are always excellent .
the drinks are pretty good but it gets pretty crowded and hard to order a drink there are better places to get mixology cocktails in the city i would skip this one and go somewhere else .
always a positive experience at cuban petes service is top notch and services is spot on sometimes can be loud but the food and the atmosphere are great yes byob our first visit we were drinking sangria and we thought we were drunk it has no alcohol .
looks great but  awful its all hard  tin ceiling and tile floor so on a saturday night your ears will be  .
wonderful great food the servers are very nice sangria is nice the atmosphere is great cant beat it .
weird crowd and strange drinks very dark and cold atmosphere .
the food is amazing a little cramped and loud but the menu makes up for it .
the service was superb and the food was good that said they were out of bananas chicken and french onion  other words pretty much half the menu bonus they only take amex .
seriously great indoor and outdoor seating its packed for a reason nom nom nom tapas and sangria .
really not good i just got home from dinner and feel gross from the meal service was good wine was good food was terrible not worth the money at all .
love this place great food great service and a friendly owner .
my order took over an hour to get delivered then they didnt even get it right i shouldve known when i had to repeat what i wanted twice to the girl on top of that the food was cold and terrible i ripped up the menu .
great food great sangria good times always go at an of hour the place is small and tables are very close together the music gets very loud you cant hear the person sitting next to you byob .
uh no everything there is brown and sad .
food is great amazing sevice lots of good energy and a great atmosphere recommend to anyone visiting montclair .
dont go mexican they slap cheddar cheese  on top of everything and big globs of sour cream presentation was unappealing salsa was good fresh house salad was totally wilted tres leches dessert was dry opposite to what a tres leches is supposed to be .
the food atmosphere everything was perfect and it byob so thats makes even more perfect the food was amazing will go back very soon lol .
worst service ever i cant comment on the good because my lunch break is over and i have to leave without getting my food the iced tea was ok thats all i was able to get from my original order .
the food there is to die for and the price is to love love the ambiance this place is my fav place to go out to dinner with friends and family .
so very pricey yes all natural no flair at claires its good til youve had better for less anyway great locale and they are pleasant .
food is very good ambiance is fun and after adding your favorite  to a base of house mojito the very loud sounds become so much more tolerable .
i ordered the granola and the milk was  room temperature the granola itself was good but the room temperature milk ruined it .
what a find great food and a wonderful atmosphere i cant wait to go back it was like stepping off the street into a small cuban town .
i can make better vegan food at home for cheaper bottom line .
its like walking into havana except smaller and probably cleaner and a little further north ok its probably nothing like havana but the food is good and they deal with kids well so theres that .
dry pastries bland food overpriced everything come on now lets get away from bland cheesy greasy food really this prissy little place is an  .
i just love this place .
this place is not very good they would do better to focus on taste rather than selection how could they possible do 50 things well all in the same day .
best cuban food i ever had so yummy i also love the atmosphere its very sexy chic the owner  is a big sweetheart he always comes around to make sure we are enjoying ourselves your crazy not to try this place .
tried this place for the first time this past saturday the  parm was alright but the buffalo soy chicken pizza we ordered had a long black hair  in the cheese nasty .
never disappoints the fried red snapper  steak everything is good here service is great and its byob .
this place is terrible we ordered four dishes and could not finish any something called buffalo chicken  was too greasy i do not even bother to argue with them and get refund i just regret going into this place .
food is very good service can be a bit slow at times very loud dont go on a weekend night unless you want to wait a loooong time .
30 minutes to get 4 overpriced sandwiches made to go ugh .
the food was great and the atmosphere fun my husband loves the pulled pork sandwich i love their sangria great place for a quick easy dinner out .
we werent impressed with claires certainly not the worst ive ever had but boring blah and relatively expensive id skip it .
great food .
poor customer service .
i had never had cuban food before and honestly didnt know what i was expecting here well im hooked .
im confused as to why anyone actually likes this place the food is terrible bland and overpriced its not veganfriendly barely vegetarianfriendly and most certainly not  you could find a better meal almost anywhere else in new haven .
the food is generally good but theres some excellent items on the menu the cuban sandwich is great as is the ox tail paella was chock full of seafood its crowded but if the line is too long just go somewhere else youre in montclair after all .
chocolate coconut cake tastes like a brick .
great food decent price the waiters are not very attentive and the outdoor seating is not where you want to be when its hot out great vibe though you forget your in  .
worst customer service of any restaurant staffed by total jerks ive never once been there when they havent screwed up my order in one way or another and every time theyve been completely unapologetic mediocre food and lots of attitude thats claires .
my favorite restaurant now had a little bit of everything sweet plaintains steak paella byob makes it even better great location and even better music come here and try a little bit of everything the churrasco is mi     .
yuck you may as well stay home and make a frozen dinner i never reach for the salt shaker in a restaurant except when im at claires give it a shot if you like bland mushy food .
test .
ive been into this place several times but aside from the pastries ive never been able to find much that appeals to me all the cakes and pastries are really good though also everything is really expensive and not impressive enough to live up to the price .
my favorite food was the  chicken and red snapper .
ive been here a couple times and both times i was really disappointed bland bland bland maybe i am ordering the wrong things i have friends that love it .
awesome place to go with friends and family just go before 400 so you do not have to wait great atmosphere and great food w .
this restaurant is a monument to a   of vegetarian food but without any  whatsoever the desserts are usually a good value because the slices are enormous but theyre not any better than something you could bake at home using the  cookbook .
love love love the food papa rellena appetizers are a must along with the churrasco skirt steak .
theres no reason to like this place and no one does yet its always busy why probably because of  who doesnt maintain the same  as  ive never had anything tasty here their breakfast specials always sound good but never seem to be available .
busy place very loud awesome food best place for cuban food hands down .
if you like to be  like a 5 year old then this is hipster heaven for you overpriced and pretentious in a puerto rican and dominican neighborhood seems out of place i wish they would focus on improving their food and customer relations .
ambiance is awesome with lively colors and beach theme great food great sangria and always a fun night just make sure you make a reservation .
i was walking by and decided to give knife a try i got the chicken sandwich and it doesnt make the cut for me .
do not go here if you want a nice quiet meal this place is loud with that said the food is delicious especially anything with steak the decor and the service staff  complete with  are great and really give the place a flavor all its own .
vietnamese sandwich was pretty decent balance was off but it was satisfying and price tasted like decent quality ingredients service was a little inhospitable recommend but only in a pinch .
food was excellent we had to wait like 30 minutes on a week night to be seated but once we were it was really great service nice atmosphere tapas were really good i would definitely go back for another round .
fair food fair service not impressed .
awesome food great service and atmosphere the owner goes out of his way to make you feel welcomed top 5 spot in bergen .
it was my second time and it wasnt any better with the new menu the tables are minuscule the service is on the slower side and the quality of food is just average .
great food and good service every person i have taken there loves the place .
ridiculously slow service with mediocre food .
good atmosphere tasty sangria white and red  plates of tantalizing meaty treats good experience .
they need to take kitchen out of the name of this place the music and vibe were good but we ordered dinner at 815 and were served at 1020 who cares what the food tasted like at that point ridiculous and insulting .
great personable service amazing true cuban food loud music but not for everyone love it or hate it skirt steak and coconut rice was amazing .
disappointed we got deliver goat saag and lamb curry way too spicy and two pieces of meat never again .
great food the one problem the music is way too loud .
i was not impressed with the pizza the crust was really thin the bottom of the pizza was full of flour and the pepperoni smelt spoiled i would not recommend this place to anyone unless you are short on flour the critic .
great atmosphere amazing food the appetizers are amazing chorizo is phenomenal and they give so much byob is a good thing usually crowded but tons of fun .
very snobbish dont be surprised if they dont want your business .
i have been so many times are love every time the food if pretty good .
theyve managed to make a chicken pot pie so small that its basically an appetizer for 16 00 seriously why great for the many young bland loud boring and  types  this city into a mall .
best cuban ive had in the ny metro area .
small portions pushy service mushroom pot pie ok macaroni and cheese ok .
good food and a great atmosphere servers were really friendly overall a really good experience .
not terrible but not great the samosa was dry lamb shank curry was nice but mean on the portion size slow also overall 510 .
great atmosphere food was very good .
the more i thought about it the more pissed off i got about this place yea it wasnt good at all yall are not special get your service up and up properly lamb wasnt even that great tasted like tomato sauce with  at the end .
this is one of those places that  atmosphere bring your own rum and order the watermelon mojito some people forget that its cuban food expect your food to be fried its good stuff .
the restaurant staff is courteous the food is less than average simply an overhyped place certainly not worthy of the stars or the hype look around in the  vicinity you will find much better restaurants avoid this .
awesome food lively and vibrant atmosphere excellent sat night dinner spot .
these guys screwed me they never even delivered my food after i waited for three hours dont order from this place .
best cuban food in the area if you complain about the wait thats your fault for not checking before hand if you can write a review online you can check their website and call as well no liquor license but bring a bottle of wine for sangria .
this is sad i saw sign of food violation sticker on door it was close .
amazing i have never walked away unhappy the atmosphere is perfect and different excellent for a summer night there is usually a long wait but its always worth it the portions are huge you definitely get a lot for your money .
the worst indian food i ever had terrible staff and attitude .
flounder was outstanding suckling pig flavorful but a bit dry on lean parts yams and yuca prepared to perfection coconut rice and rice and beans were awesome service mediocre the place is always busy a bit understaffed but that doesnt keep me away .
no reason for this food to be any higher than 2 stars least flavorful indian restaurant i have ever been to .
best cuban food in new jersey great atmosphere a little loud people are great  the owner is great always there remember everyone keep coming back for good cuban food .
not a whole lot of flavor in the food portions extremely small as well quick service but generally underwhelmed .
i always look forward to eating here the food is amazing and the seating is nice too has a great cuban vibe to it and you feel like you are in country one of my favorite locations to eat in north jersey .
the service was great but the food not so much .
came here with a friend for lunch as was not disappointed the place can get pretty loud but the food is good we tried skirt steak and chicken then there was dessert yum .
wheres the chicken good flavor of the chicken  and big bread was just ok a let down .
food was amazing service was awesome sangria was fantastic definitely plan on coming again .
not the best pizza crust tastes like the pizza has been sitting around for a while the tomato sauce has an odd flavor not what i remember from their pizza from  area .
lechon y yuca frita the waiters are very nice and i love the music playing its loud but great salsa music .
tried a shrimp parm and their plain pizza the sandwich was edible at best no reason to ever order it again the pizza was mediocre i dont understand what the 5 star reviews are all about the place was busy but i wouldnt go back .
great food great atmosphere great service id say the one negative is the byob which to some may be a positive the drinks are pricey considering you are  the alcohol .
the food is mediocre at its best the service is terrible they seem to be all new to service industry needs a overall of food and sevice .
food is delicious i love the outfits the waiters wear adds to the whole cuban vibe .
friendly staff food was very very average i was concerned that the female blonde bartender sat on the bar twice and  her feed over pretty sure the health dept wouldnt want her feed on a food surface honestly expected better .
food is awesome service is great very noisy and gets very busy after 5pm and weeks very crowd luv the fact in the summer you eat outside n enjoy the weather with a great meal totally worth going been here numerous times .
went when it was not busy i didnt expect to be  on but they were extraordinarily slow the food was lukewarm at best and they really did not care not at all worth it .
the wait was a bit long but the food was well worth the wait the plantains are to die for .
way over priced for quality of food just alright not worth the money shrimp cocktail was fishy and soft the swordfish was pretty good as well as the mac n cheese .
good food good service there have been times where the service was a little too slow but it has only happened on few occasions i love the chimichurri skirt steak .
came before a show got a burger a decent burger but an expensive burger that is all i have to say .
pretty  cuban food and gotta love the byob to have them make fresh sangria andor mojitos .
too crowded overpriced and shady with the homeless prefer italian market .
i like this place the food has always been good every time ive gone portions are excellent and they are not really expensive can definitely get crowded on the weekends but i luv it still .
though plentiful in variety this place has  ive seen them  by while i ate here .
love love love this place i recommend the enchilado with yellow rice i wish they took reservations as the wait is a little long on the weekends however it is well worth the wait .
i think this place is overrated there are a ton of places to get food but i think the seating situation is terrible outside of a few places i have really been let down on the food ive gotten here .
visited this place twice in a week everything i had was  and the wait was sooo worth it definitely try the flan and drink up all the sangria possible so many options its hard to choose where to start .
though ive heard a lot about this place and this one is the closest to my office i would still say they are not worth the money not good options for veggies and the place is too crowded .
i was a cuban petes  since the very beginning and i will continue to be until the day they decide to close wonderful cuban cuisine as diverse as its patronage flavorful keep up the good work .
the indian food that we had there was pathetic stay away from the indian food stall .
great food great atmosphere very reasonable prices gotta get the mojito pitcher only down sides are that its really crowded and loud at times to the point that its hard to hold a convo wait times can also get long on certain days .
i know a lot of people love the reading terminal market but when i went i thought it was to crowded and crazy .
omg what a great place you have to try the ricky  ribs beef ribs fall off the bones braised in apricot and served with  and yuca amazing .
i guess worth checking out just to have checked it out but this place is like a freaking zoo complete with overpriced junk food .
the  were pretty great empanadas were small but good flavor regardless i tried my friends ropa vieja and i intend on eating that next time byob is cool too portions are large so you are more than likely to take home some grub .
the market is an experience small stands offer unique foods if you like baked goods try amish bread and sticky buns the best we have ever had unfortunately the crowds can be a little overwhelming .
food here is pretty good but the best thing here is the setting this is a great place to go and sit down eat and talk .
seems so fun but actually blows lots of unique vendors who sell the same food you can get anywhere else in the city with only 10 times the wait there are amish there though or  or whatever the hell if that gets you off .
charming atmosphere with good food at reasonable prices and friendly efficient service i only wish i knew it was byo beforehand the food just goes better with beer or wine .
wasnt impressed  bridal shower lunch food was mediocre at best but service was horrible wait staff clueless .
amazing food .
 now called il  is not what it used to be fish meat are frozen not fresh sauces are average if you like soso food in a tiny loud environment this place is for you .
 andor mix with a pitcher of drinks available from restaurant good service friendly atmosphere and good food at reasonable cost couldnt ask for too much more .
horrible pizza although their other dishes are always pretty good .
fantastic cuban restaurant great decor and outdoor seating areas everything on the menu is amazing the steak is seasoned well and delicious the portions are big meaning left overs for lunch friendly staff and good music .
pizzas are good pastas and stuff not so good some people call this place mama  .
great food authentic cuban food byob and bring some bacardi to  your mojitos lol .
i always hear amazing reviews of this place so i decided to try this great brick oven pizza sadly this pizza was and continues to be pure crap never again .
fantastic food generous servings the restaurant space is great spacious indoors and quaint outdoor courtyard .
if you work in fidi trips to  tavern are because of the   only coming here because your boss and everyone else does the actual food drink and decor of the place is subpar .
every time we go here we get tapas you can never go wrong with that we love the chicken lollipops and many other of the tapas the sangria list is very good as well but be sure to remember to bring your own wine .
why i went here for a business lunch and was completely underwhelmed maybe it was what i ordered a rueben sandwich perhaps if i had the chicken pot pie i wouldve rated higher theres nothing about this restaurant that makes me want to go back sorry george washington .
consistent been there a dozen times and every time its what you hope good place for families who want quality food fan of the suckling pig but ive had a number of entrees and all have delivered hard to finish your plate w the portion sizes .
i guess it was not bad then again i guess it wasnt that good there was a museum meh .
my friends and i came here on a tuesday night and we were seated right away we ordered a pitcher of sangria .
we went for burgers and beer it was ok i wanted to like it more definitely cool for the history and architecture but there was no ambiance in the dining room no music it was kinda depressing .
third visit to cuban petes  was excellent and plentiful i had the grilled skirt steak with cilantro garlic it was excellent also had mango mojitos they were excellent .
touristy particularly on the weekends go to soak up the history of the place which is worth a visit and not for the food or service which definitely are not the food is average and the service particularly at the bar is absolutely horrible .
one of the best restaurants ive ever been to amazing cuban food and amazing environment in general definitely recommended .
the draft are not impressive although extensive the location is packed and very loud fries are good but stay away from the wings the worst bbq chicken wings ever soggy and covered in sweetened ketchup .
damn good cuban spot in the summer u can eat outside the place gets packed thou food portions are good also i really like this place .
it was neat eating in the oldest building in the city but the food was rather average my wife actually didnt even finish her dish .
good salad good byob spot .
very disappointed in the service food and price i has the smallest beet salad ever made and the saltiest braised mushrooms i love the history ugh .
oh man  yum best dish on the menu if you dont mind the obnoxious hosts long waits and overcrowding then this is your place great cuban food .
the restaurant offers standard fare for vegetarians and  alike there is nothing wrong with the food per ss its just not particularly creative also service was brusque and  .
great food great service it just sucks that its so good because it gets really crowded on the weekend and you cant make reservations for less than 6 people suckling pig goat cheese balls and vaca frita are our favorites byob .
food is great service and space great but all ruined by worst soundtrack ever  early 80s mistakes blaring get your food to go .
i really like the food and love the atmosphere great staff as well .
not really a mediterranean place im looking for usual favorites from the mediterranean but no luck .
come hungry and leave  ive been several times and ive never been  .
shopping saturday before xmas  pm and they wont seat us because the kitchen is closed .
everything ive ever eaten here is delicious even my father who is the  eater i know loves it here ive had the  de pollo  way chicken suckling pig paella its all amazing the ambiance is great too .
overrated can i rename it  not so good nice atmosphere and service but the food was average at best .
great place we brought friends and our babies early on a saturday night and they were very accommodating loved the food and atmosphere it feels like youre on vacation our only regret is not  this place sooner .
nasty help serving average bagels .
one of my favorite spots great lunch specials good environment good food .
review not based on food need to update online menu prices waste of time going there this morning to see all prices are 12 more than what is on their website thought i finally found a breakfast spot with reasonable prices the search continues .
the place has an awesome feel and cool decorations they have over 12 kinds of spiked punch with fruit etc see my picture on the place the portions are huge we had  con tostones and empenadas as our appetizers best cuban food i ever had .
slow service dirty table overpriced and tasteless food coffee wasnt even refilled and there were 5 people on staff definitely wont be back .
i have eaten here many times the tapas are amazing i highly recommend the goat cheese fritters .
this place is the closest restaurant to my familys house eaten here plenty of times since it came about its gross plain and simple nasty i had it for the last time tonight i wish it were still friendlys from way back in  trust gross .
this is a fantastic resturant i would recommend going when the weather is nicer as it has seating outside as well as an open feel the food is delicious and the atmosphere is very enjoyable .
meh i had  for lunch the egg was fried hard and tough the hot stone bowl was just warm to the touch and the contents were lukewarm very disappointing .
loved this place i went with my friends on a weekend and it was so packed we couldnt get in through the doors we waited over and half hour to be seated the wait was worth it would go back again .
i dont get it the pizza was tough and dry .
if you like a thick sandwich this place is for you i go here every few weeks and get the roast beef hands down the best deli sandwiches in the area the price isnt bad either considering they definitely dont skimp .
cheap drinks and lots of parking other than that meh dingy and dirty and the bartenders are some of the worst ive ever seen the crowd has a lot of weirdos also cops love to sit near the  so beware .
little more pricey than your supermarket but its good to support local small businesses .
great service great bartenders  food could have stayed home and cook it better myself just have a irish dinner here drinks and booze .
this is the best   in the state the pork chops  are unique and yummie the bar is spacious the apps are  and it is a reasonable price the veal is the best in the city .
rude crowd sticky floor dirty bathroom where you can see easily into the mens room and very clearly to the  and high priced drinks way too loud for my liking and it was pretty slow that night ive never met a bar i didnt like till now .
olive bites and the italian nachos can not be missed the chicken cutlet could be the best ever so get the chicken milanese and lastly get the coconut cream pie i know many coconut haters that love this dessert .
when  ii men end of the road is playing when you walk into a bar do yourself a favor walk out .
nice local bar just stopped by for a drink and the bar is nice and everyone is very friendly will be back to try the food because it smelled really good .
i dont know the new mix fajita is a way to rise the price food was really good though the food server was not friendly and he was little rude over all i didnt feel comfort yesterday maybe i will try different branch next time .
i was hear at least 2 years ago i dont remember the pricing but i do know i had a great pasta dish .
used to go there a lot was a little disappointing every time though the quality of the ingredients is good the food is just not always that happening also dont run out of bread maybe it feels more special that way but really its a dick move .
excellent homemade italian food service was attentive we will definitely be back .
food delivered half hour late all of it was cold and asked for ranch 4 times didnt get any never again .
we had our  meeting here the other day good food good people good host thanks pj north jersey   of commerce jim  .
dont get their burgers i got the  burger and got a burnt patty on a bun i expected a little more never again the delivery guy was scum too .
strip mall exterior very pleasant interior food fresh imaginative menu and consistent a very good thing fabulous well trained wait staff bottom line an excellent local italian restaurant .
pizza is good but waited an hour and a half for one pie to be delivered it was cold by the time we got our food horrible service rude phone manners youll get it when you get it .
good 1 star for the owner pj meeting and greeting us  on entry more later .
n .
ive never actually eaten here so i cant comment on the service but the take out is always great fresh and tasty which says a lot bc take out sushi isnt my favorite yumm  roll is soo good and im a sushi snob .
over rated the lunch special have a small soup it s like boil the water then throw the stuff in ramen noodle taste better then that .
ordered through yelp very convenient it was under 30 minute delivery time and inexpensive food was decent i got generic rolls nothing was bad i just maybe should have  and tried a fancy roll to make it a fantastic experience will order again bec of convenience .
got the yellow curry and it was very diluted and weak tasting barely any flavor at all couldnt finish it ive been here two or three other times and its never really impressed me .
ive been going here often now lately im definitely addicted the lunch special is unbeatable 3 rolls soup salad for under 15 dollars i recommend going between  cause thats when the food is the freshest go here .
we had the panang curry and pad thai noodles service is non existent and the curry was diluted i find the thai basil cafe in  much much better i wont be coming back here .
went on new years eve and had sushi for half price all rolls very good and it a byos bring your own  try it out .
some of the worst food we ever had i am not kidding stay away is  i can say veal milanese was grey oily and tasteless shrimp scampi all  with tasteless frozen shrimp it was our first time there last nite and  was also our last .
i was here for a launch party with friends the joint was full of life and authenticity though i didnt get to try the coffee there were good wines good vibes and tasty antipasti a  hangout for the neighborhood and the sweetheart owners seal the deal .
must be new owners not a smile in the place its like theyre doing you a favor to take your money foods good but i only get pizza .
really cool stylish european esque cafe nice location right near the central park  limited selection of food but the paninis were very fresh and tasty pretty cool place .
if you love salt and soggy pizza you will love dabuscos i dont recommend this pizzeria ive eaten at dabuscos at least 4 times and every time this place disappoints .
a lovely little italian coffee shop tucked away on the ues some good coffee and really good espresso drinks the baked goods are pretty decent too check out the back area its pretty a nice place to come and just hang out .
great pizza terrible customer service on our last trip the restrooms were filthy and had no soap .
authentic italian style cappuccino panini alcohol served as well hidden seating in back  a hidden gem .
the pizza was oily and had no flavor i would visit rite aid next and make my own .
love this place and the cute italian guys who run it their sandwiches are delicious and they even have wine now .
made the trip out to eat some native comfort food but they were closed for the summer so save yourself a trip and visit them in the fall oddly their website did not   customers about the summer closing ah the balkan ways .
iced  was great barista was really nice nice interior to sit reading the paper or catch up with friends its a neighborhood gem .
i would have given a higher score because i like their chinese dishes i was disappointed with their japanese dish the ingredients wasnt as fresh as i expected .
best cappuccino in the ues this espresso bar is not only adorable but delivers great coffees and pastries try one of their croissants with your cappuccino you will not be disappointed .
horrible they lie about delivery every time you have to  them or wait 2 hrs for your food .
great sandwiches and the best iced espresso the salami sandwich is the best italian panini ive had in ny tasty and filling friendly people too highly recommended .
i love this place but i want to write a negative review in hopes that they will post it on instagram drop dead you jerks you suck .
one of the few coffee places in upper east serving genuine italian espresso and the  excellent quality coffee in chilled atmosphere with friendly italian baristas additional pluses are the shady courtyard and the spacious clean bathroom with the  on the rack .
not happy with the brunch we ordered too much food and too little taste just a  mess that you can get at any diner in astoria skip this .
great addition to the neighborhood the area is seriously lacking good coffee so the appearance of da  was very welcome cute little spot friendly service fab coffee looking forward to trying the food perfect for people who work at or are visiting   .
food was ok but my girlfriend can make a better omelette and not charge me  bucks for it worst part was the gross  that one must pay for coffee refills especially when the coffee aint so great probably not going back for some time .
espresso drink and  biscotti like a boss italian style amazingness it would be a crime to visit starbucks down the block when this fantastic small business has better quality for comparable prices .
greasy sloppy and disgusting in addition to the poor quality of food theres way too many people working there and they cant seem to stop staring at you or rushing you to order the restaurant is in astoria though all the employees seem to think theyre in williamsburg .
5 stars for the amazing cappuccino i had this morning one of few great places in this area to get a decent coffee lovely decor and great atmosphere in this light filled cafe restroom is a plus i will most definitely be back .
drove  to get here arrived at  stood around in empty restaurant for 5min no server or anyone just a mop lame then a guy pops out and we ask about seating he  us  that there is no service jerks .
been going here for years there steaks are good and i love there dessert i always get there shrimp as an appetizer i think its one of the best around .
you would think that comfort would include refills on coffee on a early sunday afternoon when i really needed one .
i always order the taco platter and flan and im always satisfied and full the place is simple no  no  but the staff are pleasant and i enjoy the music as i wait for my meal to be ready .
eh me no likey the chicken n waffles were not enticing nor appetizing no bueno .
i really appreciated the owners attempts to reach out to us after a less than stellar visit i think our experience was the exception and not the norm we look forward to returning and trying the burritos everyone raves about .
do not eat at this restaurant my entire family had food poisoning the food is spoiled the workers in the back are extremely dirty the restaurant is dirty its amazing the restaurant is still open despite several health code violations the owner is horrible .
everyone here is so nice the burritos are inexpensive and a million times better than chipotle the burritos are slightly smaller than chipotle but quality over quantity the chicken burritos are fantastic .
very average food takes a long time for your order to come out of the kitchen portions are pretty small for the price they charge very dull interiors the veg biryani was different every time we ordered .
pros food is awesome great prices nice people cons small place not many tables inconvenient for large groups conclusion this place is great me and my home boys eat here often get the mariachi plate its awesome .
its ok i guess for a local joint it will do to me the food seems dry and portions are small for the price paterson is the best place to get great kebab .
authentic mexican do check out the fajita salad its awesome big portions great homemade taste .
the food is decent but they need a face lift when you eat in you feel like youre in a 70s log cabin everything looks old and dusty .
the service is super friendly and attentive the food is amazing get their breakfast burritos chorizo extra spicy they never disappoint .
the service was friendly but the place is so worn down inside and the food was just ok i asked if the hollandaise was homemade or from a mix the waitress said i dont know i think homemade the answer is it is not homemade .
always a big fan of their football sized burritos salsa is awesome and a great appetizer while you wait for your food look past the appearance and discover some solid mexican fare .
while the food is good for diner food on 2 different occasions i had an issue with hair also next time you go in look at the wrapped cookies n stuff right by the register covered with strands of hair .
super friendly crew very robust salsas and sides their mariachi platter was a knock out .
guys i realy hate to say it but the food has realy gone down hill i hate to say it becuase te people are so so nice but its the truth and now we go to the verona diner instead sorry .
excellent local mexican place friendly great vegetarian options .
get ready for a fried experience ds favorite homemade potato chips beer battered fish chips for fried foods are good otherwise its a four page menu of fried food .
best mexican food in the area very tasty and solid portions homemade salsa verde is awesome one negative is the  containers even if youre eating in .
went here once very slow and the food was bland and just not good had the fried calamari tasted like rubber the chicken ceaser was good but its kind of hard to mess up a salad .
delicious food quick service with very friendly staff reasonable prices large portions and complimentary chips and salsa with every order large selection of diet soda which is unusual but appreciated .
this restaurant is no longer here it is now fitzgeralds go to fitzgeralds for a great burger or meatloaf .
the food was really good just super fresh and flavorful everyone is right about those desserts the tres leches is awesome and the staff was was really friendly well definitely be back again soon .
some food was oversalted other dishes were bland big disappointment i ordered poached egg and leeks and it showed up with three slimy chewy leeks on a plate with a single egg the service was great food was meh .
food meh tres leches cake omg i stop by to pick up a  of pieces for dessert now and then when going to a party i receive requests to bring their tree leches cake make on site by a sweet older mexican woman very nice people .
service was great but the paella was very soggy the sausage was really hard and the taste wasnt the same .
better than  fresh salmon and roasted veg made a perfect 10 lunch i will be back .
ordered the vegan stew good flavor but stupidly small portion for a 20 bowl of veggies .
visited a buddy of mine in the  this past weekend and we went here for some pizza and sandwiches place was awesome food and good prices ive been to a few places with him in past visits never really impressed david  was legit thanks .
the food is alright though overpriced considering it is so forgettable .
the grilled steaks are delicious and plentiful it is a good place if you are a steak lover and know which cuts to order the items in the salad bar are also very fresh i thoroughly enjoyed my visit here and hope to be back again .
service and food were horrible other places in town that deserve my business the bar area and food there was god awful .
what a way to end the year hell of a meal this is the place for meat lovers i recommend the rodizio great value and a cool atmosphere .
pretty ordinary food but the prices are quite expensive .
you cant go wrong with anything you order we will eat here at least once a month the sangria was amazing red or white you cant go wrong portion size is very generous and the service is always good .
the first time i came to this restaurant i really liked it but the last time we came here on  the food was pretty bland the service was good and the atmosphere is great so i will try it again not impressed this time though .
i like this place because of the bangin rodizio and the fact that they have a full menu besides that great seafood also the guys here are real madrid fans put  phone down and get over here .
what a waste of money theres a lineup for no apparent reason sat at the bar to skip the line the short bartender is terrible  to the tall bartender if service is desired youll be disappointed by the food that is all .
this place is absolutely amazing no matter what you order you cannot go wrong simply amazing .
overpriced for the ordinary food atmosphere cozy but pretty noisy .
great place we order every week from our  bruno is very attentive to our orders and the food is amazing the best steak place in northern nj .
dont ever ever go here i had a shrimp pasta this past sunday and there was a huge roach we called the waiter and he just apologized once and that was it if you go here make sure to look at your dish before you eat .
been here a few times and i have to say that this is a great place staff is very polite and food is good good sangria too portions are pretty big .
its just ok its a nice place they run it very well etc but  food is just ok definitely a popular place though always very crowded requires reservations etc .
we went to celebrate a birthday the servers are very polite and appear well trained on site baller parking made it convenient had rodizio and someone else had the big lobster tail really enjoyed the meats .
 prices for overly meaty dishes .
boy do i love me a good steak and i wasnt disappointed .
it has the best outdoor seating area in all of princeton but the menu is extremely limited and the food is overpriced its better for happy hour as they have great drinks and awesome marinated olives but have not been happy the last couple times weve been here .
exploring rodizios in newark this is by far the best one good variety of meats and restaurant setting is highly recommended for a special date the place is well decorated with its  of antique  the quest is over for finding the best rodizio in newark .
the food was perfectly fine but whatever it was is not authentic thai or even the moderately americanized thai food you can usually rely on the service was good and the food tasted fine just didnt do anything to cure my craving for thai .
awesome good and outstanding service as soon as u walk in kinda off the beaten path but worth it gets busy on weekends but have a large upstairs .
my boyfriend got a cheesesteak and i got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak not very good and our sandwiches were around 8 a piece ive had so much better for the price .
great meal and fantastic attentive service if you love rodizio youll definitely get your fix here will definitely be back .
really just ok .
the best rodizio my family and i have been coming here forever everyone has their birthday here the sangria is amazing the menu is huge so it can fit anyones appetite  tried a few places in the area and fernandez is for sure the best .
bones in my chicken cheese steak waste of money and food both non edible sandwiches its a shame service is horrible here as well save your money ive got a feeling this place wont be open much longer unless they shape up .
amazing if youre a meat lover the pineapple served at the end is incredible the all you can eat meat bbq is fairly priced .
this place has cheesesteak in their name so you think theyd good but they were pretty awful bread was too soft the steak didnt really taste like anything and i could barely taste any cheese .
unassuming place just go in and be surprised food monster lobster double wipe goodness  if youve never had octopus have it here staff will definitely spoil you this is happy food in a happy place .
food was just ok not a place that ill frequent .
by far this is my favorite portuguese restaurant the rodizio is fresh and well seasoned with a large selection of beef the staff is polite and attentive go to this restaurant if you want to impress someone .
a lot has changed things used to be much better before pasta came out over cooked and dry soup was lacking flavor ive been coming here for years and it seems like they changed the whole staff overnight not a happy camper .
numero uno take everyone i can here if they can get past the fact its in newark rodizio is a must sangria is  and the ambiance is just short of spectacular been here countless times and never have a bad meal a .
closed bruno tried to sell the place but it didnt happen rip to my favorite fried chicken place .
have been here multiple times never had a bad meal price is fair for what you are getting always a to go bag a lot of food for the money parking is tight if they are busy .
nice atmosphere but 16 bucks for a bowl of udon with over cooked pork belly really sushi is at room temp which i personally hate one star for decor  again pros lots of other choices around cons prices which not up to par with quality or  .
excellent dinner come here hungry as you will get tons of food recommend the filet on the tile paella  and of course the  the deserts and alcohol coffee especially the fernandez and spanish coffee are really good overall never walk out there hungry .
this place is adequate nothing particularly interesting for food or drink the waitresses were nice .
i took my son and his mother to fernandes steak house for his  birthday the food was very good and the the customer service was excellent can wait to go back .
we used t go here all the time and take out at least once a week the food is good but the service is horrible and they charge you 5 00 for take out on a 25 00 check crazy ill take my business elsewhere .
best restaurant in area ive been coming here for years and never got disappointed food is always fresh and their service is excellent especially  drinks are made right way and spanish coffee is my favorite dessert .
this was a big mistake if you are charging 11 for a burger in philly it better be good this was mediocre at best it didnt help that my coke cost 4 and i was never offered a refill .
came here for a coworkers party and we all enjoyed our food the portion was huge the food was really tasty will go back .
nice place for a chill lunch or an early dinner service is really really slow must have waited over an hour for our entrees sunday at 2pm for just a 2 top is kinda of unacceptable .
dont miss a steak on a tile at fernandez great service fantastic desserts amazing food .
i went with a friend of mine and had 2 cups of mulled wine and a beets salad and was charged  80 the phone  listed are not working so good luck getting in touch to  about this extra charge very disappointed .
absolutely amazing time here for my dear brothers post graduation lunch the service is great and the food is just out of this world best  ive every tried by far just make sure you come here hungry lots of food .
you know i really want to love this place i give it two stars for the fun vibe but the food is just too mediocre service is not that great either oh well .
went on easter sunday and i was not disappointed the portions are huge and the atmosphere was nice seating could have been better but all in all a good experience .
awful service  with below average food quality equals a complete miss this is even bad by airport standards .
salad bar can use a  variety the pink sangria was very good service is exceptional plus free valet parking rodizio was great waiters should provide more info in regards to plates on menu which can be confusing if you dont speak portuguese .
more false advertising i need chinese delivered its just after 9 on a saturday night this is the 2nd place that wont deliver 5 minutes away from them .
this place is the bomb rodizio is not salty like others waiters are very attentive and polite valet parking is a great plus .
chicken with garlic was was kind of spicy pork fried rice was dry and chicken lo mein was okay .
this place is the best you havent eaten until you try this place .
very bad service and attitude  you want a happy meal with your friends or family it isnt a good place the owner of the restaurant is so mean and rude .
this place was incredible the rodizio was overwhelming in all the right ways service on our group of 15 was nearly impeccable though drink service was a little slow because of orders moving between the service staff to the bar all good though .
pretty pricey compared with chinese restaurants in similar quality many dishes on the menu actually unavailable the food was ok however i suffered a terrible stomach ache the next morning that i had to skip my childs school opening  will not come back for sure .
really nice atmosphere great service my paella was done very nicely and the rare steak came out rare and tasty ill definitely be coming back the sangria was absolutely amazing the bread is served warm and is better than what you usually find at restaurants .
mediocre spicy szechuan fish was decent the honey walnut prawns were bland and poorly executed overall inexpensive and clean restrooms for a chinese restaurant maybe good for takeout or togo orders seems popular with local college students .
good  .
overpriced small portions service was good i would not recommend this place once was enough .
parking valet is a plus had chicken with garlic sauce it was sooo good their portions are large so it can be shared although the bbq sausage i was not fond off a little on the hard side salad buffet comes with entree .
nasty disgrace that this is  family just want to walk out and not pay .
i went there with my former coworkers around 2010 and let me tell you the food is out of this world the rodizio there is  the ambience is great and the price is fair recommended .
terrible food avoid their sushi items like the plague .
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome i cant say it any better awesome thanks for a great dinner i love steak and this place is deffinately now one of my favorite keep up the good work guys .
went here for taste of hartford menu nothing stood out lobster and pasta tasted like it had been reheated in a microwave disappointing overall .
if you are looking for a place to eat real and delicious brazilian barbecue this is the place the ambience is pretty welcoming and the staff is nice .
food was okay but these people need some service 101 courses ate at the bar nobody smiled said hello or checked to see how my food was when they delivered the check not even a thank you didnt even bother to look up incredible get it together folks .
everything was good and service was also good .
had some takeout and was really underwhelmed the festival bread was stale plantains tasted just as old after a five minute walk outside and the jerk seitan was boring .
having eaten at every brazilian place in newark my girlfriend is from brazil this is by far the best food is great as well as the staff the seafood and rodizio are top notch dont eat for a day if you are getting the rodizio .
dont do it stay away nothing but disappointment awaits the secret is just take whatever they bring you whether you really ordered it or not so when they ask  but you really ordered a tequila sunrise just take it trust me .
pros delicious  friendly service reasonable price cons there was a weird smell in the restaurant not a rich wine selection .
stay away worst place to eat anywhere on  earth no one to ask whats going on no manager on site 1 hour to get coffee overall awfully experience .
went to fernandes for our annual pilgrimage this week and it was fabulous yummy grilled octopus followed by meats meats and more spectacular meats friendly attentive service and great wine recommendation warm wonderful vibe there is no reason not to go here .
worst service and experience ever at an airport there was so much confusion by the staff and the require ipad orders just made it worse i would never go again .
excellent service and drinks enjoyed our entrees very much better then any nyc steakhouse out there .
i should add that the diners at  bay probably got better service .
normally i wouldnt drive to newark unless going or dropping my  at to the airport but for fernandes steak house yes i would drive to newark no matter what besides food the service the atmosphere and the decoration are very nice .
pizza is cold and very poor service mgmt was poor is responding for fresh pizza .
this place is just awesome for meat lovers great service ambiance and the food is to die for we will definately be coming back for more .
horrible i was here and experienced a pizza shortage there was like a bus of kids .
a solid place for rodizio .
not real pizza very crappy quality and i was very disappointed with how dirty the restroom was i will never return .
there are so many reviews for this place that no matter what i write im not going to add anything new to the discussion its just a fine good steak place and the rodizio is the best .
we decided to try it out since they have 5 dollar deal the pizza was bad and so was everything else i hardly ate anything i wouldnt recommend this place .
hands down best rodizio in the area staff is very attentive highly recommend this place you will not be disappointed .
awful just melt cheese and top tomatoes on cardboard for a better pizza .
second trip here another great meal 1st time we had the rodizio this time we ordered off the menu great service good food will definitely be back .
for 10 dollars we filled our bellies but i dont know with what the pasta had burnt  in it and the restaurant is dirty .
great food and service .
for under 10 bucks it may be a deal but not a good meal newly opened  is messy not managed well and the staff seem disorganized pizza is fair salad is ok the bread sticks were the big winner .
i have been to other rodizios in the area this is by far the best the place is classy and nice my server treated me very well i would recommend it .
you get what you pay for complete shit the only reason this place gets 1 star is because i cant give it worse your better off eating at a truck stop restroom .
great restaurant for meat lovers i would recommend the sangria the menu is extensive good for large groups as well service is good i would go back .
the owner has the worst attitude that i have ever seen rude would be saying nicely the food is ok at best but not worth having to deal with this character .
this place is amazing get the rodizio go hungry avoid the bread and fill up on some of the most amazing meat ever flank steak blew my mind but everything was good valet only .
just found the regular plain pizza to be sub par at best the pie was oily beyond compare and the taste was bland overall no char to the crust at all will not be back .
so far my favorite place in the ironbound section .
the  was banned from eating here soo i sure as heck dont trust this place .
good food reasonable prices great atmosphere highly recommended .
a rude water  cleaner and try picking up the garbage outside once in a while dont waste your money terrible .
good food and great service we went with an extremely large group and had the entire upstairs to ourselves the  were made ahead of time but everything was spot on .
its a diner not an especially good one at that dont get me wrong its not dirty or bad food its just a diner .
best rodizio in  .
the wait staff doesnt speak english so i was not surprised that my order was wrong order exactly as it is written on the menu or your order will be wrong the pho was just ok .
great great food service cant be beat and friendly if i had to say anything negative it would be the wait time even with a reservation but the food and staff is so great i can overlook it .
absolutely the most disgusting experience ever in a vietnamese restaurant perhaps chicken served with  still greasy skin as grilled all dark meat and  stay away 5 or 6 really good vietnamese choices just 5 blocks west on washington .
a  go to place for me and friends very friendly accomodating service and plentiful good food the best rodizio in newark .
ive been here several times and the food quality has been different each time the restaurant has an overall grimy appearance and its a crap shoot on how good your pho and spring rolls will be the staff however is generally attentive and friendly .
love the food sangria and music family atmosphere .
this place is not the real deal play it smart and stick to washington when i told them i didnt like something they told me too bad pay for it .
been here many times for delicious rodizio but this time we ordered the filet mignon cooked on tile served cooking tableside and it was delicious along with the garlic shrimp great food and service packed on a tuesday night cant wait to return .
amazing concept extremely poorly executed the mac and cheese was terrible dry with a strange taste the chicken was overcooked under seasoned and not worth eating my advice dont waste your time or money on this fake out of a great idea .
vegans please skip to the next review everyone else 4 5 stars wow yeah its as good as all the yelp reviews just order the rodizio and sangria worth the trip into newark valet parking youre welcome .
cold and simply nasty chicken 35 dollars down the drain mac and cheese was burnt overall not worth it make your own chicken im sure its better .
good steak like the inside .
i really really wanted to like this place but didnt the chicken wasnt great and not such a wide menu to select from the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the place is cool but the food was bad .
great place to eat a while lot of food for a great price .
good sandwiches in soho but its hit and miss i got a middle eastern type sandwich that was totally bland even though advertised as spicy and the last time i went i ordered the mediterranean tuna but got turkey meh .
by far the best period .
nice guys but i think the cream cheese on the bagel i got is past its  date they dont really have any breakfast sandwiches so probably not the best for an early morning bite .
meat galore omg the all you can eat rodizio was amazing the white sangria was wonderful will be back with my family soon .
nothing special i tried spice mushroom sandwich and mozzarella sandwich spilt soup side salad subway sandwiches are even better for me ha ha my favorite sandwich is olives take out place in prince st thats the best .
ive been to brazil a couple of times have several brazilian friends and have had amazing meals at the best  nyc has to offer this place holds its own in the category we will be back .
bad service and bad food they gave cold soup i order a milk shake they gave chocolate milk we had about 20 in our group meals came all over the place all i order was a blt i gave up waiting for it drive right by this place .
lots of people but worth waiting excellent grill i love rodizio .
used to be a great diner hasnt been in many years they need to get with the program on what good food tastes like made the  mistake of ordering lasagna there it was totally gross and  .
fantastic as usual were so happy they re open again the food is excellent and so is the wait staff well be back soon .
horrible food and made my family sick to their stomachs i vomited for a hour .
reopened .
decent waitress service barely edible food dreadful management .
closed destroyed by fire was one of the best portuguese restaurants in newark hope the  fast other recommendations  do  in belleville and  park nj .
used to be a great diner .
this has become our regular place for dinner on guys nite out we were former  regulars but fernandes is far superior rodizio and 24 pitcher sangrias make for a great evening .
ive eaten here a few time with friends but never again after last time food was horrible service was poor thats being nice .
awesome awesome awesome rodizio at its absolute finest .
one time i ordered a cheesesteak they forgot to add the cheese .
this portuguese restaurant has the best  ive ever had great wine selection as well highly recommended .
i tried  soon after it opened and wasnt exactly blown away i havent been back since and dont plan to make it a habit it was a burger it was fine it wasnt expensive but it also wasnt really anything meh sums it up best .
always go here to celebrate christmas dinner celebration with my  i cant afford their prices on a regular basis but the service and food are delicious if i could fit on my budget id go more often .
terrible meat quality does not look  inside stay away .
loved the ambiance and service there food was good as well chef is good at pairing ingredients with different sorts of sauces beautiful  and nice selections for  .
coffee and food were good the barista was really weird i dont think i will be going back .
oyster leaf amazing service and wine .
the food was very lack luster no flavor and served lukewarm the mimosa flavors are tasty pomegranate orange passion fruit peach but are not worth the slow service and mediocre meal better brunches are out there .
we came for dinner and we were early no problem we got seated the staff was beyond polite they were genuinely concerned about us we had a great meal creative delicious and beautiful truly an exceptional experience .
food was okay but the restaurant is the size of a  and is terrible for a large group coupled with the fact that the  d was one of the rudest people i have ever met will definitely not return .
i had one of the best meals here some time ago would definitely recommend everything was amazing the 5 course meal with rabbit veal and other courses was great i dont think i had a course here that i didnt like i will be coming back here soon .
enjoyed the beet salad and crostini but the grilled pork chop was not good and the mash potatoes were bland .
amazing everything is cooked to perfection simply an art definitely will be back all 8 of us .
the food was bland i got a grilled chicken wrap that was supposed to come with balsamic vinegar but it didnt the worst part was that it was soggy they were not very friendly either that was my first and last time coming to this place .
best restaurant in nyc  is amazing the food is excellent as well as the service definetely going again .
ill give it 1 star because its pizza but horrible at its best fake tasting cheese crust either old or frozen took an hour 20 minutes for delivery poor service poor food wont be getting pizza from here any time soon .
the best dining experience i have ever had from the canapés to the dessert each course blew my mind i was never left disappointed not one negative thing to say the service was fantastic and professional unlike any i had ever experienced a memorable experience .
lychee martinis are deadly they should be illegal come here only to throw a few back and leave .
we had the chefs tasting menu food was exceptional and service was flawless decor was intimate and warm a good place for a long pleasant meal and quiet conversation .
ok not to be a downer here but i do not get why this place has good reviews place has busted tile and ripped leather seats happy hour is not that happy plus the drinks are icky .
we were there 2 nights ago and the food was amazing the service was perfect will definitely go back when visiting again .
the service was sooooo slow the drinks were good and their happy hour deals are good it took us at least 10 minutes to get our drinks and then we got charged for a drink we never got .
exceptional meal and exquisite presentation attentive and friendly service definitely a repeat .
the asian waitress doesnt ever come around to check on the tables shes horrible when we needed the bill i had to chase her down after watching her flirt with someone for 30 mins never again btw the food and drinks were terrible .
amazing tastes and presentation with fine wine  in a  calm room for adults dessert impress .
strong and cheap martinis but the establishment is just so dirty no thank you .
review is for the prefixe lunch menu well nothing much to say excellent food original and perfectly executed great service and a bargain for lunch .
this place was okay on a saturday night around 1 it was totally dead i liked the atmosphere but it seemed like a restaurant bartenders were annoyed drinks were strong though .
a true dining experience with very creative interpretations with amazing ingredients very classic small food big plate experience fun for trying new things a little quiet and stuffy if looking for more social dining .
hm it was crowded when i went and the crowd seemed a little cheesy it couldve been a bad night i guess people flock to  because of the crazy cheap happy hour prices id rather pay more and not be squished .
we had a wonderful server who was very attentive however after eating here we had to drink lots of water on the salty side and on the oily side .
i love when people  drinks on me  against me and throw  at me only one of these is true .
i love their biscuits and ceaser salad at this location but i feel like the wait time at the south  location is usually shorter i love their strawberry  coladas the seafood trio with shrimp scampi and shrimp alfredo and their lobster  .
very bland and unhealthy food got a severe bacterial infection after eating buffet please check all the hidden reviews before making a decision to dine here they all convey my experience with this place at your own risk not going back ever again .
i like the service and the place i love their lobster pizza soooo good i like everything i ate and drink in there .
very bad experience my husband wanted to cheer my bad mood we were passing this restaurant and decided to eat here it screwed my mood further awful food extremely bad service first time we wasted food will never recommend it to one .
very good cheese biscuits longer wait times though didnt anticipate to find good veggie food at a sea food restaurant .
went to buffet on sunday food was tasteless and even not properly cooked service and staff was ok so 1 star for that .
great neighborhood bar they have a great selection of ever changing craft beer their sunday quizzo is very fun and great for groups i had the roasted artichoke and the  wings both were absolutely delicious and i will definitely be back for more quizzo and food .
food was barely acceptable however that wouldnt have been a problem if it was fresh the worst part was when we told the manager that it didnt seem fresh instead of apologizing she got incredibly defensive and rude would not recommend to anyone .
this was a good place i would rate them five stars but they gave me spicy food when i asked for everything to be non spicy still this place was pretty genuine and special .
food was ok but nothing special waiter was polite but it was the same guy that was  the floor after serving the food because of that it was noisy also he was just wearing jeans looked a hit sloppy .
fabulous beer selection and yummy bar food vegetarian options yay .
this place is gross the workers carry meat with their bare hands and the place smells rancid i went there to pick up some chicken for my mom and waited close to 20 minutes when i got home the meat was spoiled .
fried brussel sprouts so delicious they haunt me in my dreams great beer selection cheers to doin it well .
okay this  feels totally disconnected from any of the rest its pretty creepy and filled with old  men it also smells like dirty atlantic city being 28 this isnt my scene .
local 44 is my go to spot to grab a beer andor some food their beer selection is awesome and they usually have good on the  selections they are always happy to see you and make your visit pleasant .
the food is definitely not worth the price very low quality when i asked to speak with the manager a woman named  came over she was far from friendly poorly run restaurant dont waste your money .
good service relaxed atmosphere good beer selection the eggplant gratin was not so great though i would go back and try something else though .
if you want to pay for their recent renovation this is your place i will say however that they have great screens for the local sports enthusiast the beer and food is extremely overpriced for the value in spite of the pricing their burger is tasty .
had the 44 burger it was really tasty extra dollar for pickle and bacon little expensive a must try for anyone in philadelphia .
nothing impressive subpar food and typical center city prices for draft beer good enough for tourist crowd but not for regulars tap house in univ city is much better .
little bit pricey but worth it they have really impressive and diversified high quality beer selection and the folks behind the counter know whats up this is my new local beer spot for both bottles to go and  the draft .
wow i was thinking about ordering from this place but after reading all these  reviews i think ill save myself some grief and go with burrito bar cant go wrong there i love yelp .
love that hits place is just a few blocks from my office its got great beer a wonderful staff and amazing food a fantastic place in west philly  street  .
this is terrible mexican food dont waste your time or money they start with low quality chicken beans etc the end result is food you cant eat and if you do youll regret it as soon as youre done .
local 44 has a great ambience to it i was surprised by the menu it seemed like the type of place that would have generic bar food but the menu was full of inventive and  combinations definitely a good neighborhood spot with a solid beer selection .
service good and location great but food very mediocre .
this place has tons of excellent vegetarian options everything i have ordered here has been superb .
food was overly salted and a little stale great location wine selection and people watching .
my favourite bar in west philly i find myself here most nights im in the city of brotherly love top notch beer selection interesting menu with several vegan and vegetarian options available the beer selection far outshines the menu though in both quality diversity .
outrageous prices tiny portions the waitstaff tries but theyre overwhelmed by the wealthy tourists once was enough .
brilliant smoked beer and they had some room for us on a saturday night we had a brilliant time .
food is not that great pizzas were good pasta  was terrible .
good gastropub with a nice diverse menu try the appetizers .
bad service no kids menu 30 dollars for pizza i didnt like the food and the price we paid added to frustration would no recommend this place especially if you coming with kids .
vegan weekend brunch with their own vegan poptarts made fresh in the kitchen boom and yeah great beer doesnt hurt either .
food is not bad but wouldnt make an effort to go ideal if meeting someone near time square for diner you dont have reservations .
i havent eaten here yet ive just been here for drinks and the selection is amazing .
food was good but overpriced after our meal the waiter came around with a tray of dessert so we got a chocolate mousse cake and it turned out to be 12 .
great beer selection though food menu is a bit limited bar is small but cozy have come here a few times for quizzo and had a blast .
garbage ass cannolis and the biggest waste of calories tasted like mascarpone inside a crispy waffle cone served over some blueberry and almond purée sauce where the hell do these people come from trying to serve us that for 12 and call it a cannoli never again trattoria .
specifically came for the seitan reuben after a recommendation from a friend it did not disappoint loved everything about it flavor size fries were great too nice atmosphere friendly bartender spoke to the owner for a few ill definitely be back .
made reservation on yelp came in and were seated promptly in a corner then seem to have been  as two other tables that came in later ordered first order for water had to be requested 3 times before delivered food was expensive but nothing special disappointed .
great place love the  rueben sandwich friendly staff great beer all around good place to grab a drink and have a delicious meal .
the goulash here is terrible very watery i was shocked the sauce was water and salt terrible the beef was old crumbly chuck cubes whoever cooks such a goulash hates life .
brunch is great they serve  as in mimosas but with beer instead of champagne they honestly get 4 stars just for that ive been here otherwise for dinner drinks great beer list its often crowded but we didnt have a problem getting a seat for brunch .
the food is extremely salty and disgusting nothing to brave about it the place is a ghetto thanks god i didnt get sick .
ive been here a bunch with friends for late night brew noms great bar food exceptional beer list a west philly fav .
racist standing waiting for a table polish guys come i after me and they were seated before me speechless .
one of the cooler beer bars ive been to in the city had a pretty sweet microbrew beer selection would give them a 5 but their appetizer menu is kinda small nice atmosphere .
the food was tastey but far too greasy maybe it was an off night four of us ate four different things and we all got sick wouldnt go back again .
great beer excellent salads and cool atmosphere a little pricey but overall im definitely a fan .
rice and green beans were over cooked steak was good but you could do better elsewhere .
big selection of craft brews on draft for 4 50 jukebox not too bright that is all .
love the location for ducking out quickly to see a show across the street and the service was ok there were definitely no issues with the food but ive had better overall an aok experience as nothing particularly stood out .
burgers are delicious ask for a side of their horseradish sauce for dipping the  tacos are also pretty  awesome beer selection friendly staff .
the food was not impressive the interior decor is kind of cheesy although i did like the  i tried the homemade gnocchi and it was nothing special the best part of the meal was the homemade pesto dip for the bread .
one word baby burger mmm .
called for takeout one night 1 hour later we called to find out where our food was and were told that we would get it soon 1 5 hours later i was  needless to say we cancelled the order and wont be calling them again for delivery .
great neighborhood bar awesome beer selection with knowledgeable and attentive  you gotta try the bacon cheeseburger it was amazing .
no so good when the eggroll is the best part of the meal you know you have been to bad chinese restaurant i will not be back and they have a 20 00 minimum for  .
great beer food is ok super university city crowd .
horrific service food bad decision going there took 25 mins to just get a drink .
bar food is delicious i cant believe how solid the menu was plus they have a fun selection of beer good vibes from the bartender and lots of space for groups seems like the perfect combo for a neighborhood bar i will be back often .
awful do not get the filet mignon .
delicious fresh food charming atmosphere just a wonderful dining experience i recommend stuffed highly .
nothing on their menu is appetizing the food is cooked with no seasoning and is just bland there are better steak houses out there go somewhere else .
great burgers without being heavy or greasy you can taste the quality thick and tasty minestrone soup .
dont waste your time or money unless you want bland food with really poor service this is a  hangout and that is what you can expect .
tried it tonight for the first time takeout did the montclair blue burger and fries pretty damn good next time ill ask for the burger a bit more rare a nice addition for montclair food scene .
pretty much everything everyone has written in all of the reviews before mine is correct both weird and comforting at the same time .
there may be a place called burger king but stuffed is the king of burgers the bacon jam burger was absolutely delicious i will be back for another this is now my home for a burger .
the food was good place homey wasnt impressed with the speed of serving food and getting bills been there more than once and the best to be said about their service  and speed is one word inconsistency .
bacon jam burger is amazing great management looking forward to a return visit soon .
this place might be great for brunch but our dinner was awful salmon was fishy and tasteless the spinach tasted like dirt definitely would not return .
this by far is the tastiest burger in nj eating here is a very pleasant experience bring your bottle of wine and its a feast best fries anywhere had it twice already im back tonight for grass fed all natural on a bun made by famous ny bakery .
coffee bland oatmeal bland french toast yummy uninspired overall but it may be that we ordered badly the egg dishes and pancakes looked great .
omg bacon jam fries they are by far the most delicious thing ive ever eaten i think owner was little standoffish but i couldnt care any less as long as i get to eat those bacon jam fries at every turn .
food was overpriced and underseasoned service was quite atrocious though .
best french fries ive ever had please support this place and go there often so i will always be able to eat these fries thank you my bf says the burgers are amazing .
very disappointed with this resturant the food was blah i order the cream spinach egg thing and it had no flavor lets just say they can do better .
great burgers and selection including create your own the fact that i have been there four times says a lot staff is very friendly and i plan on being a regular .
slow as hell service decent food forgetful waiters cash only and they tell you that at the end .
hands down the best burgers ever the montclair blue burger is my favorite and the bacon jam fries are out of this world fair warning they are completely addictive you will come back for more .
the decor was  for brunch we ate pasta and egg  with extra salmon on it the salmon was watery and the pasta was over cooked the staff was not very helpful it was an overall bad restaurant experience .
my fav i have been there 10 times and all were my best time bar tender tom is awesome he always treat us best if you expect good drinks to be made then this is the best place .
used a groupon for this place on a visit to nyc the service was poor and the salad i ordered with chicken was flavorless i would not come back here even with the groupon price i do not recommend this place .
out standing food everytime the  is great as is their veal dishes the place is very clean and the service is always very good i remember when they were in berkeley heights and they were great then as well .
45 minutes to prepare a salad a sandwich and a mediumrare burger ive had quality food at busier restaurants with less wait time lucky they received a tip at all .
great service so so food .
never again staff and owner have a  attitude took forever to order or get our check the food is overrated dont go .
im no expert at german food but i had the hunter schnitzel from their  specials for dinner and it was amazing .
if i wrote for 40 minutes i could not express how pissed off they made me on saturday when i waited that long for food that never showed up one star for the free beer though .
great german every  they have an awesome  the pub is blah but if you like germanaustrian food theyve got great  and spaetzle sp .
ive had better .
we had our wedding at   a year ago people are still talking about how good the food was the staff was phenomenal everything was perfect the grounds are beautiful and i would recommend them to anyone without  for special occasions .
the management at this place is out of their  after making an order for delivery over 50 this place wants you to give them your credit card number but wont except credit cards for delivery cash only on deliveries that doesnt make any sense .
food is tasty and reasonable priced love their  .
great drinks decor but the meat in my dish chicken pork was cold very chewy .
excellent food drinks and atmosphere we had brunch and nothing we ordered disappointed we licked our plates clean our waiter was informative and friendly try the steak and eggs delicious .
really bland and overpriced if youre going to charge 19 for enchiladas they really should be better good guacamole but not worth sitting through the main course .
very modern atmosphere inviting customer service welcoming atmosphere veggie lasagna rolls are amazingly good as appetizers fries top off the pork and compliment every entree veggie pasta is rich and strong lovely dinner .
probably the worst food i have eaten however all is not lost just walk across the road and go to  taqueria .
great brunch for the weekend but nice spot for a late night drink as well friendly staff definitely has become a favorite .
the food not as tasty as in the past also more expensive the guacamole had pieces of the  skin mixed in disappointed .
awesome food cool place great service one of phillys best .
guacamole was brown had to ask twice for our drinks walked out after 30 mins of awful service and food place is an absolute joke .
great beer selection good and strong drinks nice and well executed menu solid on all  .
food is great but service is awful if youre looking for good tacos and margaritas try  right down the street .
good barrestaurant smaller menu but everything on it his high quality and its hard to go wrong their menu changes a lot so you can usually try something new .
michelada is fake ass fuck .
hands down the best burger ive ever had the stuffed burger on the brunch menu 14 braised short ribs mushrooms blue cheese truffle fries is a must try .
terrible food guac had old  ceviche tasted like old fish rice was gross and undercooked mole tasted like burnt  chocolate syrup the chicken was yummy though .
surprisingly cool nice atmosphere great staff had the bruschetta with wine at the bar and id do it again .
this place is terrible in service and food it was a long wait to bring the order even guacamole which is always the  thing on hand besides it was tasteless the rest was way too spicy and some ingredients were missing overall we left unsatisfied .
service is great food is delicious food comes very quickly and is extremely tasty would definitely recommend for families or couples .
made reservations on open table our table was in the walkway concert hall loud with no lighting we yelled our conversation at each other for five mins and decided to leave its not bar loud its club loud .
i would come here again and again the elk burger was amazing the atmosphere is low key and hipster the service was reasonable and the prices are great even the burger wrapped in collard greens was delicious i cant wait to go back .
food was fair they go very heavy on the chilis service was worse than awful restaurant was louder than a  concert on the plus side bathrooms were very clean and attractive loudest restaurant i have ever been in should be called  .
the best burgers ever the milkshakes are delicious and they just got their liquor license .
while the food is excellent i cant overcome the presence of cockroaches and as we were attending to kill it the bartender  about it they just increased the price on their drinks but havent bothered to take care of the infestation .
the grind house burger was pretty good the service was excellent the server was an expert of the menu and was very personable really blown away by the service on a weekday during lunch .
how overrated can you get this place is another hartford eatery that rips you off for really ordinary comfort food check out their meatloaf if you think im kidding really a    .
omg this is my new favorite burger place i love the variety of meats elk bison boar amazing all organic and fresh my suggestions is to get a burger and share so everyone can try a different burger .
i got food poisoning from this restaurant never come again service slow and overpriced i definitely never go there again .
great organic turkey burgers use to frequent the one in brooklyn so glad they are in philly now .
not a good first experience expected more or at least 3 stars no brown rice option only this  mixed rice that makes the experience all the more less authentic japanese price was too high for quality wont be coming back .
more vegan options than i expected the collard green wrapped  was  than expected .
its in a basement not a clean crisp japanese look overall the place is kind of dark and cluttered sushi and sashimi is ok average service seems to be yale  who have to work but dont enjoy it weve got far better sushi in columbus  .
to update the business owner has been in contact and has apologized and made up for it overall the bareburger experience in center city does have potential to be a good restaurant to check out .
severely overpriced meager portions an  menu and they dont take amex shame go to miso if youre in the market for traditional japanese sushi within new haven .
great place good burgers our server  was very nice and the place had great decor sweet potato fries were also tasty .
the truth is that i cant find a great sushi place in new haven this place is okay no better or worse than the other sushi places i have tried in the area ill save my sushi cravings for new york .
i love bare burger because they not only have delicious food but also excellent service they were very understanding and were happy to make my order to my  even though it took longer happily recommend it to everyone .
disappointed the food was dry lomo the fish was old will not be coming back .
dont go anywhere else i like my burgers in assorted verity and bareburger hooked it up personally i frequently enjoy everything rare and bareburger understood what i mean highly recommend it must visit .
one of the better pizza places around my only issue with them is the prices they are way too high great hot subs the gelato looked like it had been sitting there for months i think they are the only pizza place that doesnt deliver .
love this new place fantastic new spot with many glutenfree and vegan options as well as exotic sustainable meats for  foodies many salads and sides in addition to burgers best of all organic everything service was fantastic and ambiance is fun .
took over 40 minutes for the pizza to get to our table it was only  so you know it wasnt busy i can have pizza delivered to my house for less than that time ridiculous .
really cute new burger joint kind of a rustic grey decor that sets the  for its exotic array of beef elk boar and goat burgers i had the elk and it was fantastic .
i remember when this place opened i used to always get the empanadas they were so good but now they got smaller and its not the same anymore .
best burger in the city beats good stuff and village whisky for me cant wait until they can serve beer too .
meh late dinner friday night service was meh food took long wasnt hot thats not ketchup i dont know wtf that is  happy hour  was a good look too bad drinks took 15 minutes to hit the table wont go again .
bareburger has finally made it to philly this place looks incredible and the new menu is amazing i had the wiki wiki with wild boar and the sprouts and roots salad friendly staff and great service .
not crazy about this spot food was soso service poor only 2 beers on tap wont be going out of my way again to go here .
great lunch at reviver today good addition to the nabe we had the carolina bbq chicken and the balkan burger which is in a pita both were great and flavorful portions are not large but well portioned would go back and try some of the other items .
unfortunately im obligated to give this place a rating so deeply dissapointed by management they really know how to make their customers never come back .
interesting take on healthy fast casual you really cannot go wrong here .
ok i love this place it has great food the staff is nice and its very pretty but was having lunch here today and saw a tiny cockroach in the wall eeeeek gross .
great spot for lunch shrimp tacos were amazing .
worst pizza i ever had in ny the dough was horrible incredibly dry it wasnt just me it was the whole table its a shame since the place is very nice they have a garden a nice wine list and service was ok .
delicious food that is also fast and healthy clean and bright but a bit sterile dining room friendly service will return .
very limited choice on food plus the service im already speechless however the back yard garden was amazing .
this place is just what the neighborhood needs the balkan burger was delicious eggplant  had tons of flavor easy to order friendly service .
this place wanted a credit card to take a reservation for three people for saturday afternoon lunch who does that its lunch its three people its not some private party for 25 that takes a huge amount of prep work we switched to otto .
fast easy delicious and knowledgable im celiac and felt completely at ease enjoying the healthiest fast food lunch ive ever had yummy .
the outdoor patio is pretty cool and the prices extremely reasonable the menu is pretty simple with pizza and standard italian nothing too clever had very poor experience with rude service dont plan on going back .
lots of gluten free paleo or  stuff not crazy priced nice people working here too very happy with the mahi mahi curry nice to get some legit real well flavored food and all under 20 for a solid meal solid find .
food was ok customer service was horrible refused to close the window on cold windy days .
just ate here for first time last week and am very impressed the food is healthy affordable tasty and filling i ordered in the restaurant for takeaway waited less than 5 minutes for food to be ready i will definitely be eating here again .
nice relaxing place but not good food .
outstanding healthy quality food im always looking for more healthy places in this neighborhood and im so glad i found this i had a tofu salad and my friend had a sandwich which she really liked very impressed with this place and hope they succeed .
so dissatisfied came here a long time ago and had the best burger in my life i have told everyone about this place only to return and find out the quality went straight down hill dont eat here seriously .
fresh healthy tasty quick solid variety and reasonably priced great spot to pick up for central   or dine in .
cuban tgi fridays bar is a fun place to share a drink but food is not worth your us dollars .
gotta love yelp got a nice cup of fresh green iced tea for checking in i ordered the balkan very good wholesome sandwich nice amount of spice and very fresh tasting the pickles on the side were nice too .
maybe i keep getting the wrong thing but so far the salmon salad and the rope steak have done nothing for me esp for the price and the atmosphere is stuffy and the sangrias are weak yuca chips are good though .
healthy fast and tasty could eat here 5 days a week .
as an update my dining buddy and best friend actually got food poisoning from this restaurant the day after fyi .
great fresh and  food for a really reasonable price served by really personable people love it had the carolina bbq chicken and cream of cauliflower soup wish they had these in texas well done reviver .
okay place wine is okay and food is expected if a chain atmosphere more of a sports bar then italian okay for a fun night out with no expectations of great italian .
amazing food if you havent tried it youre really missing out soo many healthy choices theres something for everybody the food is very flavorful and unique and not too expensive either definitely check this place out if your tired of the same old food choices .
weve been lui lui fans since 93 im so sorry to see the quality drop so quickly since marc  left the  food is bland and the service is sporadic .
all i had was the green iced tea but the vibe and attitude is great will be back for food after 630 .
met my sister there last night 730 pm and by 830 pm the servers were putting the chairs on top of the tables i guess it was time to go the food was great as usual but i didnt feel the friendly atmosphere like i usually do .
amazing i ate here 3 times when i was in nyc mahi curry fish tacos and the tofu salad were superb great flavor please please please open in la we could really use some good tasting food here .
the rudest stuff in nyc the food is ok but every time i come here i am watching how the servers running around at the edge of a nerve break down ready to snap at the customers .
absolutely my favorite late night food spot the tacos are literally to kill for they chicken is my least favorite but the others more than make up for it try the quac also its amazing .
nasty waitstaff they are happy to repeat their policy rather then trying to be the least bit helpful if you want to overpay for food and be  at the same time this is the place .
amazing burritos and sauces and friendly staff sat at the bar where you could watch them make your food they were so nice and friendly even though it was a ridiculous time of night .
sucks .
this spot is one of our regulars they have great tacos and sauces and cheap beer the only thing i wish they had were better tortilla chips the ones they have seem like the thick store bought kind other than that this place rocks .
lobster rigatoni wasnt fresh lobster was a weird purple color and smelled and tasted very fishy service was horrible i cant  how horrible new orleans mussels were good but not good to compensate for everything else avoid .
excellent tacos reminiscent of the ones everyone  in l a served fast by nice staff great sauces with kick too .
i walked past wild  after work and thought it look like a good place to order dinner from not so much my tilapia was  it was so dry and overcooked that it was stiff it didnt seem like my boyfriend enjoyed his dry fish either .
hands down best tacos i have had in new york go hungry go with with a friend order all five and try a bit of each you will not regret it .
lacking in ambience and focus couldnt tell if it was trying to be a bar or a fish counter .
great little taco shops cheap and very good beer the vegetarian taco is a real surprise and the sauces make the tacos .
went with 2 friend for lunch and we had some oysters as starter and 3 different entrees mussels linguine and a tuna burger yeah it was edible but thats the best to say about it i wouldnt recommend it to a friend .
always great to go to five tacos for a quick bite or a meal tacos are so good workers are super friendly .
ill sum it up for you in one statement food was good but service sucked come on one person and a bartender for serving people try somewhere else .
the veggie taco was amazing definitely the best vegetarian taco ive had in ny im not a meat eater but my friend loved the chicken tacos the veggie taco can also be vegan if you ask for no cheese will definitely be eating here again .
not worth the money definitely overpriced i ordered the homemade  and it was bland especially the meat i should of listened to the other reviews stating that it is overpriced do yourself a favor skip this place and dont become another victim like me .
everything is really good here i especially like getting the  which is a ton of food even there tacos are pretty filling ingredients are well seasoned and fresh love the diablo sauce but be careful wish they had shrimp too but ill deal .
pizza is extremely thing soggy and the crust on their pizzas always come out burnt the sauce tastes like ketchup and the cheese has a chewiness to it .
this place is amazing everything from their sour cream to their hot sauces to their guacamole is home made from scratch and you can tell the tacos are huge for the price and they are open late best taco in ny .
meh is exactly how i would describe this heard so much about new haven style pizza that we wanted to give it a go when driving through price was reasonable but have had much better pizza in my life .
fresh and delicious tacos theyre quite big and very fairly priced the staff is super nice definitely get the pulled pork tacos so juicy place is open till 4am which is a big plus .
tastes like home cooking from your friends mom the only problem is your friends mom isnt a very good cook .
tasty tacos are scarce in this town this place definitely deserves  for theirs fresh ingredients plentiful servings and on top of that cheap and quick easy enough to stop by for a snack or stay for a meal do it .
dos  taps with matching glass park avenue prices pint size portions ceviche awaits not tonight sorry he says yet kitchen staff eats seafood treats gratuity included for party of eight early fridays no wait  .
great place for a quick hole in the wall taco place that serves beer and amazing hot sauce prices are very reasonable and make for a fun cheap easy night out for tacos and beer will absolutely come back .
ok mexican food had the fish tacos were relatively good but nothing amazing .
i have to come here every week because its so delicious and cheap start feeling hungry when writing this review already .
super over priced and pretty middling food i didnt like that they charged 2 dollars for tiny portions of salsa or hot sauce without telling telling you it was extra i will say it has a decent happy hour drink special .
13 for a butternut squash burrito draft beer and an  variety of sauces yes please the habenero jack sauce is actually spicy well done .
eeeeek salt lick guac priced at a  chips stale for a pigeon fish tacos fried to be a paper weight i regret everything that i ate .
excellent casual neighborhood joint their squash taco is to die for very affordable .
okay everything is cooked from frozen  or precooked mostly reheating food not really cooking slow service .
good simple tacos meat tender and tasty not much seating better to take out delivery or sit in the park devils hot sauce is good and top 5 hottest hot sauces not the best chips dinner 3 soft tacos chicken pork chorizo chips and salsa .
this place needs to take reservations thats ridiculous not to when they are so busy at 3pm they had over an hour wait for two people waited food was okay i wouldnt wait an hour for it again .
great place for those late night  the different sauces they have are all amazing and unique .
posted in error .
some of the best tacos ive ever had very small place but make great food you can call ahead for pick up or order on seamless to make it quicker definitely worth a try .
disappointed with burger and fries .
amazing thats really the only word   and mike are fantastic but not quite as fantastic as their burritos get the chorizo .
literally waited 55 minutes for my burger at lunch n the place was less than half full burger finally came good but way too salty fries underwhelming will not be coming back .
we love five tacos one of the best authentic tacos in the city the owner is a very sweet and courteous person do try all different sauces coconut marsala is my favorite .
works well as a pub not so well as a restaurant long wait for a table by the employees entrance or the bathroom content to rest on their  .
simply delicious guac is so good and you get a lot for the price sauces are a great addition to the already perfect tacos small menu but everything is great .
had the burger medium cooked and all we could taste was blue cheese repeated on me all night fries were great burger wasnt worth the wait .
those were some great tacos get the chorizo and you wont regret it well your stomach might .
really not worth the wait and the poor service this has become one of manhattans least hidden tourist traps no locals would ever go there .
damn fine tacos served with love a great place   flame .
poor service yucky fishy oysters slow kitchen arrogant waitstaff this is our second time here they wont get a third chance .
really good stuff chorizo tacos to die for .
overrated the food was greasy and gamey the server had major attitude on top of that it was expensive i dont mind paying for amazing food but this was just a waste of money .
great new spot very nice portions best taco spot among lots of competition .
smoked haddock chowder  burger salty salty salty tongue felt like i licked a salt block for an hour chowder was not fishy creamy but not thick overall overrated .
pricey for a single taco but they are stuffed well i got the chicken and used all the sauces it was definitely good enough on its own but i love sauces i hear the chorizo is excellent .
dined  short gray haired closing manager ruined the night refused to serve last call despite still being open then slammed door behind us once we left 1 star michelin my ass learn some hospitality or find a new job zero star rating if possible .
priced higher than tacos usually are but these have  and flavor chorizo .
dont see what the hype is about had the burger which i could have made at home the server was annoyed and not helpful with questions we had .
love their tacos great for a beer and two tacos or burrito theyre huge and amazing nice staff make it in front of you and the different sauces you can put on your tacos are top notch .
i really wanted to love this place but the service was slow and the food not as good as i was hoping had two attempts before finally eating at this place as it is always so crowed love the pigs everywhere .
getting a burrito from here after a heavy night of drinking  a next day hangover this place is a miracle worker it should be  by  to discover its magical  .
do not waste your time or money here so below average the corned beef hash tastes like potatoes and salt we couldnt even taste the corned beef the mimosas are the tiniest ive had in manhattan unless you want to follow the hipster hype save yourself a trip .
really  good simple and delicous food for cheap what more can you want .
i love burgers unfortunately i get sick every time i eat here which has been 3 times great spot to go for drinks to hang out thats if there isnt a long wait .
chorizo taco beef taco and chicken quesadilla with hearty chips try the different sauces theyre delicious coming from california i was amazed .
overpriced over hyped and over crowded painfully average food and oh so trendy stay away and save your .
i dont even like tacos and i love these tacos seriously they are life changing do yourself a favor and check this out order the pork or the veggie and there is no going back the food is awesome as are the guys working the stand .
i have always been  about this place other than the bartender and waitresses having mad style and some excellent wines by the glass cant seem to get in to the hype of this joint .
this is my favorite spot on st marks  i eat hear a couple of times a week i literally crave their veggie tacos they are the best ive ever had and the gauc is amazing very friendly great looking place just the best highly highly recommended .
let down by the service slow and their   does not work drinks were pricey nothing  pancakes were yummy but so many great places in ny means i wont be coming back .
great tacos great staff great service good beer would be five stars except for the awful repetitive depressing   channel that is playing message to the management mix it up a little .
serversbartenders here are the worst ive never been treated more rudely particularly by a place i just dropped major cash at biggest attitudes ever .
the service is really friendly and the food is always great cheap beers on tap too .
a pretty good 10 burger too bad it cost 20 the fries are a joke can i have some mayonnaise we dont have mayonnaise this is a restaurant right the chef hates mayonnaise .
tacos tacos and more tacos please love this place totally  my intense taco addiction great and friendly staff cute nonpretentious atmosphere damn good beer what more could you want oh yes chorizo and cheese quesadillas  .
shoddy service for a crap piece of cheese bread waited 80 min for table and 80 min for our meal at 1 pm outrageous .
this place just opened we went in by  the foods were so delicious very reasonably priced nice staffs great tacos eatin and take out available highly recommended .
more like the spotted disappointment the  burger was dry and the only flavor came from the cheese and ketchup the scallops and corn were quite good but not enough to save the night youre better off at the  .
was wonderful authentic thai .
really dont understand what the fuss is about the menu is overly fancy the food is disappointingly bland and certain things are ridiculously overpriced small cup of average gazpacho for 16 no no no also im british but not much of this menu seems very british to me .
one of the best thai meals ive ever had the spicy fish sauce wings were incredible all of the flavors were unique and blended very well i look forward to coming back to this incredible establishment .
over priced and over seasoned food that took for ever to get delivered by unfriendly staff we were sat on the top floor and the lady who waited on us was almost  unfriendly crowd was mainly tourists .
have to say i was so happy and satisfied with my meal here the food was amazing one of the best ive had all year the drinks were delicious too .
i lived right up the street from this gastropub so blah i cant even tell you over rated and stuck up i was not impressed with their food and the ambiance was eh i will not be a  customer .
best for two get 12 items and share .
rude manager host will take bribes to get you seated but will make you wait for two hours take the bribe money and never seat you never going again if i could give them a zero i would .
order the wings wash your hands take a sip of the rice water tear into them juicy chicken wings lick your fingers repeat i cant say im a fan of their sticky rice since ive had better but i am definitely a fan of their wings .
an overrated neighborhood eatery that charges a  for a pint cheese plate as ok service was good may have to try a  .
cant stop going here the  neck ask for well done is a top 10 nyc dish the wings the gin and  the outdoor seating place is dope .
pricey but its were the important people go example one egg cut in half six dollars yes a 6 egg .
crappy wait though food was great had the wings pork belly and shrimp salad there was a minced pork salad which was meh but still had a good experience nonetheless .
atmosphere is great but i thought the food was just ok had the cubano sandwich and it was dry and really not that impressive this place is so so and im not sure really worth the hype .
a very lovely dinner everything was amazing even the affogato i am def coming back and maybe grabbing a pok pok gift card .
i was super excited about this place but made the mistake of going on a monday night they ran out of everything on the menue the server was clearly in training and the fluke crudo was probably left over from the week before man what a disappointment .
loved this place it feels very authentic it definitely took me back to thailand the food was delicious but not amazing id come though again the whole feel of the place is about as authentic as it gets .
food very good quality it would be worth the price if the surroundings were nicer and the staff were friendlier long wait 1hr 40 mins good pub nearby white horse .
 interesting northern thai with friendly service and a great location its a bit pricey for brooklyn with smaller portions that are like tapas for sharing its a bit spicy if you like that i do some of the best thai ive had in the us .
people at the front door are such a  that i wont be back ever .
cocktails were delish food was good good atmosphere prices are a little high location is a little out of the way .
it reached the  a few years ago a has been at this point wish they had regular beers too but for 8 bucks a beer and tip i think il go  instead .
those wings though forget everything else .
nothing special id rather spend my money on other things deviled eggs were good but thats about it had the burger nothing special the  was ok but i dont like this kind of pasta anyway i just dont think my  is suited for this restaurant .
everything was great cant wait to come back for dinner again loved the papaya salad and duck with mushrooms .
what happened this place lost its coolness factor more tourists i guess food has gotten worst as well ever since the office did a spot here its been going down hill since .
worth the wait food is amazing and enough options for vegetariansvegans as well as meat and fish new space is great and allows for easier seating best to be there when they open and line up out front to sit asap mushroom salad is to die for .
gastro pub hmmmm just gastro problems for me tiny overly  out of the way bad service boring food too crowded thanks for my rant .
brunch is not only really good but probably one of the most affordable brunches ive seen around would absolutely recommend .
i went there for a sunday brunch the waiter was nice and place is comfortable i tried the la  but i feel that it is too brand i guess vegetarian food and venezuelan do not go well together .
this place i would recommend in a heart beat the bartenders are very friendly and personable the food is amazing all the time and the atmosphere is very inviting they will soon have outdoor space available but i cant say enough about this place .
the  arepa and  arepa was ok the hot chocolate was not that great small and expensive 8 50 .
space decor ambience drinks and service all great so comfortable i could spend too much time there food was pretty good i e not stellar but not pricey good value for the money .
first time here and its loud boring and the wait time is crazy if i had to come here again i would definitely bring my own bottle .
comfortable bar with a great rotating beer list and nice menu the s a l t sandwich is my favorite .
i found it terribly subpar my meal tasted like mmm fresh microwave i would not return nor would i recommend it to anyone really you could do much better for the money in my opinion .
world cup artichoke dip happy hour yes please this is a great bar and my only regret in writing this review is that its going to be crowded from now on the music is good and the scene is low key but not divey .
theyve changed the menu with fewer desirable options there was nothing i really wanted to even order they started off good when they opened but on our recent visit the food was lackluster nothing wrong with the service however .
always a solid draft selection served by solid bartenders food is surprisingly good my favorite being the roast pork sandwich with mac and cheese which is definitely worth paying the extra for .
remarkably slow service we ate at the bar three bartenders more interested in each other than the customers mediocre food the fried chicken was more like fancy chicken nuggets meh meh and more meh .
definitely a favorite in the neighborhood cozy  atmosphere very solid menu particularly brunch good beer selection friendly attentive staff good music looking forward to the garden next summer .
the restaurant is an  failure no decent meals on the menu not a place to go with your family and definitely not your date .
a lovely space good menu inexpensive drinks during happy hours and nice folks draws a nice crowd definitely my new goto spot in the neighborhood .
i have to say this is one of my biggest disappointments i used to love eating here the last 34 times i have been have been mediocre i always leave there hungry .
the mac n cheese is actually quality real quality im pretty damn impressed fuck its delicious and amazing fuck 4 happy hour drinks till 8pm that is my update .
went here for lunch and had a perfectly adequate but not in any way exceptional lunch meal because it was a working lunch no booze was consumed so ill not say anything about that .
space decor ambience drinks and service all great so comfortable i could spend too much time there food was pretty good i e not stellar but not pricey good value for the money .
meh save yourself the trouble and just go to  menu is weird expensive and the atmosphere is cold uninviting .
the food is superb for bar food the drinks are good and reasonably priced especially during happy hour the service is pleasant .
although i love pretty much anything that has to do with whiskey im giving this place a thumbs down overpriced and underwhelming the ambiance is super contrived i  that even at the risk of  like a huge  and the wait staff are useless .
our brunch today was delicious the service was great the space lovely the only thing negative to say is the servings were small for the price but we will go back .
had the cheese plate that was pretty boring and staff arent appropriately dressed if you are trying to be phillys answer to a brooklyn whiskey bar please dress the part because you just look like  serving 12 00 drinks .
this is the neighborhood bar ive been waiting years for big comfortable space friendly bartenders not too loud overpriced pretentious annoying  weird just a rad normal bar and good happy hour specials too so happy this is here .
went for dinner last night the beef stew tasted burnt my friends welldone burger was black disappointing .
i dont know why other patrons only gave this place three stars it was very clean the good was great and the help was friendly a good find .
my company and i used to order from this place all the time the portions used to be huge they are not anymore the delivery time is always extensive and the owner or whoever answers their phone is rude will not be ordering from them again .
the lady there was very nice she explained the different type of wine the ones she recommended were a hit with the ladies thank you .
i went here once on a recommendation it is a hole in the wall place which i dont mind but the food did not make up for the lack of ambience i remember ordering meatballs and they were not cooked  .
great place its a little corner  store the sandwiches are phenomenal they use great bread and quality meat they have a great beer selection too if your in the area definitely give it a try .
do you enjoy paying for something you something you didnt order well this is the place for you .
i love this place though a bit on the expensive side this is my go to liquor store and where i go to grab a coffee or a sandwich for breakfast or lunch delicious sandwich menu and prepared salads .
went in to grab a quick lunch and they had nothing left after tossing everything for the day they werent supposed to close for another two hours they   up a grilled cheese for me .
cool little wine bar with some good tapas sized entrees definitely worth coming to .
i heard stories about this place but needed to judge for myself unfortunately the stories were true cockroaches enough said .
best mac and cheese in manhattan bartenders are are great wines are priced right with huge selection .
this place is absolutely disgusting and is run very poorly a definite waste of time and money spare yourself .
friendly staff  food there charcuterie plate is very good and the flatbread pizza is a 1010 .
i ordered their famous hot wings and when they came out i took a bite then quickly realized they were cold in the middle gross never again .
mac n cheese .
a few days ago i was there i  t have a good time there friends told me it was a good place but i have different view the only good thing there is the service two stars for good service .
great food ambiance and experience only complaint was that the music was way too loud otherwise it was the perfect place to get a latenight bite to eat .
beautiful restaurant on passyunk ave my complaint is that the portions are too small for the price .
really great food excellent service and fun lively environment but not ideal for a group greater than 6 people .
what happened the food used to be fabulous and on my last visit it was clearly several levels down very disappointing pasta was odd meats dry and basically good ideas poorly executed ingredients seemed less fresh too bad .
really freaking loud sat at the bar and had some drinks but could barely hear what i was saying good date spot but might want a plan b in case you start going deaf .
food was good but wasnt satisfied with the customer service would never eat here again very disappointed especially the female manager is rude as hell .
awesome charcuterie good selection of wine good atmosphere will definitely return .
was not really feeling the atmosphere the drinks are super expensive for what you get not enough attention paid to us while we were there so we just had drinks and left wont be back .
this is a cute little wine bar with great charcuterie and pizzas my favorites were the smoked gouda and the pizza with proscuitto and arugula they have some reasonably priced bottles of wine .
food is okay service is awful not worth the time to visit .
romantic atmosphere on the ues to have some wine and intimate conversation they have a really good happy hour from  and delicious flatbreads the service was excellent and the staff was very kind .
sadly no where near as good as it once was from service to pizza this establishment had gone downhill in the last year b .
i came for an afternoon snack of wine and cheese we got the chefs assortment of cheese and the chefs assortment of meat the waitress knew the menu very well and was extremely accommodating and friendly would definitely go back .
probably the worst experience i have had at a popeyes after a 10 minute wait for a simple combo meal which i never got i gave up and had to argue to get my money back the employees were indifferent and rude terrible .
such a great little place the staff was super friendly helpful and i loved how they didnt let our water glasses go empty the chefs choice cheese plate was really generous for 19 and was good for 2 people .
i never write reviews especially on fast food but this was the slowest and rudest places ive been to a long time .
cute romantic great service id recommend .
wow that sucked rude employees who even went so far as to take off their name tags no fries not much choice of chicken pieces no butter and no manager ended up hungry with a refund .
the bartender was lovely so was the wine .
great food horrible customer service bad attitudes standoffish and unpleasant food is very good however which makes this  .
great selection of wines and a wonderful cheese platter service was amazing if your near 72nd and columbus you need to make a stop here .
meh go somewhere else the food is  depending upon what you get drinks okay .
they opened their doors mere minutes after our sweet little flash wedding in the park the prosecco was flowing the food was amazing and they made our special night one that we will never forget thank you  .
mediocre food and we  badly here so i wont be back .
the hubby and i got away from the  for an hour to enjoy a really great cheese plate and a nice glass of prosecco i really like the atmosphere and the bartender was friendly and quick with our water refills .
very disappointed smothered chicken was too salty and yams were canned oxtails were extremely small for the price overall customer service was great but thats about it money wasted wont be returning ever again .
wonderful neighborhood gem great selection of wine and flatbread pizza highly recommend for intimate gatherings and parties .
i have not had a chance to try the food been waiting for  hrs for take out just a bunch of smiling and being called up to the counter for the wrong order .
great wines both by glass and bottle ambiance was delightful and the service was attentive good prices too solid overall make a date set up a meeting with friends grab a chair inside outside or at the counter facing the street for a good time .
disappointing service scallops tasted strange and experienced some major gi upset that night of note so did the other member in the party that also had scallops would never go back so many wonderful spots in the city with better food and better service .
one of my favorite restaurants in the city dont miss the muscles they are to die for i moved to away from the neighborhood years ago and we still visit riposo often .
this place is dirty there needs to be an inspection done i swear we saw cockroaches near the kitchen door area and the beer selection is pretty bad no parking what so ever and .
this place is really charming i had the warm bread and olive oil and coffee to start off and then a panini with parmesan and truffle oil all of it was absolutely delicious and wasnt ridiculously overpriced i will be returning .
loud sports bar replete with a television every three inches  fish and other assorted game on the walls and a jukebox limited drink selection though i suppose if youre into the budweiser repertoire you might be happy too few tables as well .
good wine selection enough space that you arent overcrowded easy to get to location on uws .
the indian here is ok but not as good as some other indian restaurants in town for the price i am not too impressed the service is good the menu selection is  lacking a few staples .
went back again same great service thanks  and awesome food .
as far as the indian restaurants in the area go masala grill just isnt up to speed the food is always a bit on the greasy side and not flavorful enough i miss twist  which used to be in that spot .
the cozy neighborhood wine bar offers a fantastic array of wines and delicious flatbreads the raised tables are perfect for an intimate gathering of friends and the place is small enough to feel like home .
no decor to speak of expensive dirty silverware food was ok but there are plenty of cheaper cleaner and better tasting options in the area .
went here several times while in college great greasy cheesesteaks was my first in the city and still one of my favorites calm atmosphere not very pretty but food makes up for it .
the food here isnt particularly good and neither is the service the only thing masala grill has going for it is location its ok thats all .
i got the cheesesteak which was pretty good im not from philly and dont know what an amazing cheesesteak tastes like but i thought what i got was pretty good it was pricey though 7 for basically a hot dog bun onions beef and sauce .
we waited 3 hours for our food to come ridiculously horrible service would never go back or recommend .
the best cheesesteaks in philly i know thats a  statement but i dont think it is even close chopped meat cooked perfectly with onions peppers and provolone is my preferred version and service is almost always friendly a novel concept for some cheesesteak establishments .
ok service and my everything bagel is always lacking everything but otherwise just a place to grab your breakfast on your way to work if no time for anywhere else .
i went to this place to have a cheese steak while i visited upenn campus the food here was great i also had onion rings and it was just okay .
horrible the place is not clean and the staff do not wear gloves between preparing the food and handling money i will not go back there are other places in the area that are cleaner and have bagels that are just as good if not better .
excellent cheesesteaks convenient to  school at penn easy in and even long lines move quickly friendly staff but delicious steaks recommend with onions peppers and whiz .
thought i was down south definitely not healthy food served here  chipped beef steakums from the food store canned vegetables ever heard of fresh real and healthy if your not a regular a local or like low quality food forget it drive on .
 gooey greasy and meaty all the elements of my perfect cheesesteak tourists go to pats n genos ill pass on both lunchtime can mean a little of a wait youll need plenty of napkins eating here .
a nice place yet the food didnt went right it might be only me cause the place was very busy .
good cheesesteak i enjoyed one with waffle fries my  loved it had one from genos and pats i liked this one better i would recommend if you are near here to stop in and grab one .
yelp reviews in this  were completely misleading i have been to many ramen places in the city and this one ranks at the bottom of the list good toppings and noodle texture but the broth was completely bland and flavorless .
a staple during my college years at drexel i ordered a cheesesteak today about 10 years since my last visit and its just as good as i recall .
decent ramen blah service expensive coke stick with water coke comes in small glass bottle for 3 bf got  which was much better than the basic pork ramen i wish i had gotten that and cash only who does that anymore .
best cheesesteak in philly the bread is what makes the sandwich perfectly greasy always fresh make sure you tip them a dollar or more and they take care of you if i had to have one grease meal before i died this would be it .
not a fan and my other girlfriend wasnt either of the ramen and the soup base i just liked my chicken  the pork gyoza was nothing spectacular service was good and the lady was nice enough to let us sit before our friend came in limited seating .
i like this place better than genos and pats the cheesesteaks and the other sandwiches are worth the ride .
dont expect to enjoy your meal here because after you are done the check will be on your table without asking and the  waitresses will come by every 15 seconds to get their money .
first time having a cheesesteak in philly and i gotta say it was awesome staff was friendly and courteous service was  and the food was great will be back in the future .
on my first visit i ordered the tsukemen it was like huge and price was just right but the broth that came with the ramen was pretty much cold .
abners is great staple for penn and drexel in university city no need to travel all the way to south philly for pats or genos when abners is in the backyard .
 .
hands down the best sandwich ever you get to watch them cook it right before your eyes .
ive been here twice the first time i thought it was amazing thats because i was already drunk the second time i tasted minca for what it is a poor excuse for ramen overly salty poor quality noodles and general averageness .
great spot for a quick and delicious cheesesteak before going to the rave for a movie or anywhere else in university city easy parking and great food but i have to specifically note their customer service always accommodating and friendly .
maybe because i had the pork broth but this was not very good even my wifes chicken broth with salt was nothing special its a walk from the train wife kept complaining about the walk also only cash which kinda sucks .
love these cheesesteaks .
totally overrated both the food and the service bad management in terms of seating customers ramen is below average ippudo and other ramen places at st marks are far better .
great cheesesteaks ive only ordered delivery from abners but every time i have been surprised by how fast our food got to our apartment .
wouldnt go back very bland and thick noodles  salad was just not good .
abners gets a solid 4 the past 2 times ive been there the cheesesteak has been phenomenal prior experiences were not so great maybe they have turned over a new leaf only gripe bread was not the best imo a little too weak .
meh is exactly what minca is salty kinds  soup ramen broth should never be this thick .
my favorite cheesesteaks in philly by far well ok jims is close but abners is a direct  of jims you can all go to pats or genos but for me nothing compares to abners .
what is everyone talking about very traditional bland ramen with nothing standing out we ordered their ramen tsukemen  with rice and everything was very underwhelming thank god we were lucky we didnt have to wait that long that night .
thank you abners for being so great the cheesesteaks and  are delicious without being too greasy and the service is excellent .
the ramen is freaking amazing but the cockroaches are everywhere the cockroaches are more than the customers .
i dunno about any of the other reviews but ive always had a good cheesesteak here i remember going here when i was 15 or 16 and it was the cool thing because we would get a beer with our cheesesteaks .
look ramen is a pretty big deal to me its like totally a huge part of my life no seriously seriously minca is  if youre in a pinch but it definitely doesnt rock socks plus the sake and beer selection is overpriced and sucky  .
our reliable goto place food is excellent for what it is not gourmet but it doesnt pretend to be we always sit at the bar and have great service love their 9 99 fried shrimp and balsamic chicken dinners an excellent value .
ippudo .
great diner breakfast i had the  omelet and it was so good i had it again the second time back .
the ramen here is alright nothing to rant about the broth is very flavorful but tastes very fatty at the same time the noodles are fresh and tasty the pork is just ok ive had better ramen elsewhere .
the food and wine were outrageously delicious and fabulous we would have liked a bit more attention from the waitstaff but otherwise we thought it was pretty terrific .
i like that theyre local and  better quality ramen in nyc but if i went to a truck stop in japan and got the ramen i get here id just be pleasantly surprised in other words ramen from minca is like finding a good dennys in japan .
really intimate and wine cellar atmosphere with good service and decent selection of wines food is great happy hour is great with 5 wines and stella .
 soup not enough kick to it noodles lacked the  and was easy to go soggy gyoza not bad but the skin wasnt strong and crispy enough  waitress pass .
chill spot good wine selection cold beer too .
sadly this is not real ramen and also me n my husband got diarrhea after we ate ramen sorry not recommend this place .
great spot came for my sisters birthday with a group of ten very accommodating just had to make a reservation a couple weeks out charged 15 for cake cutting plating reasonable wine prices delicious cheese plate and great staff .
dont go on monday evening when the horrible  singers take over the place the ice cream is good but not worth the  pain .
this is my favorite place for drink meetings as well as social it is quiet and intimate with a good selection of food and drink and a great happy hour .
blt on wheat toast should be easy mine tasted like the toast was made last week weak .
food was great and very affordable our server was attentive and knowledgeable it was really humid and warm in there and caused everything to sweat and that would be my only complaint we loved it and had a great time .
ice creams okay but pretty overpriced for crappy service and small quantities i would recommend going somewhere else .
large selection of wine desserts are great as well lots of snacks you can choose from good for groups .
been going here for years mainly for ice cream but on occasion for food tonight was the last visit for dinner they have lost me on quality vs price paid i will not get ripped off again the ice cream is great but pass on the food .
good place low key and can make any company great company .
this place is only for ice cream do not order a meal from here i ordered a salad and all the ingredients were old it looked gross .
great wine selection great food great ambiance .
too expensive to be so mediocre there is lots to choose from here and a nice dairy bar but the price does not equal the quality .
i love this spot .
disgusting food and those that cook it had breakfast this morning eggs came out raw twice and sausages burnt so bad that they fell apart too cheap for them to take it off the bill .
decent prices for bottles of wine the  cabernet sauvignon was my favorite of the evening the cheese plates are a must cute little spot to take a date or hang with your favorite  and cheese  .
ordered the pastrami but it was dry and had no flavor and not slices but small chunks wasnt worth eating .
highly recommend excellent food excellent wine and beer selection reasonable prices and great ambience highly recommend .
not a real jewish deli knish is terrible pastrami on rye is mediocre mustard is not even that good .
great first date atmosphere definitely recommend the bacon wrapped scallops as well .
order a half a pound of chicken salad to take home was charges for a half pound of salad when i got home was a half of a sandwich .
really cozy place love the atmosphere its a little  though haha large parties are seated in the back which is surprising there are couches the wine and small plates selection are decent the mushroom truffle risotto was really good .
mediocre and very dry sliced way too thick and served on dry rye bread knish was good and made me add a second star friendly service .
came here after brunch and we were able to enjoy the happy hour 57 deal the prosecco was great its also a very cozy setting great place for some casual drinks with friends or a date .
10 for a pastrami sandwich i would hope it would be tender and melt in your mouth for that price but it was rather chewy if i go back ill give the corned beef a try maybe .
romantic spot on the les nice wine selection food is solid too i have been here 23 times and its never packed will definitely return again .
this is perhaps the  brisket ive ever eaten in my life so dry and bland i had to  it in mustard if i ate it there i wouldve returned it .
great wine cool atmosphere great bites and great  spot .
  at all .
really good food a very loungey place good for date night .
whoever gives this a high review really does not know deli they keep their meats under a heat lamp which helps dry them out if you want real deli go to famous or somewhere else a disappointment .
great atmosphere cool  great place to meet up for a date or drinks with friends the  white wine was very delicious starters were small but reasonable priced oscar salad was quite good wait staff was attentive and courteous i would definitely go back .
food is fabulous layout of the customer service line is poor clearly front staff have not been trained no eye contact no  do know their own menu  business for the owner .
squeeze me squash me make me wine reads the  sign behind the bar this is the perfect date spot for  and late dining yet also a great place to chit chat with a few girl friends .
drive all the way from jersey and they closed early at 5 instead of the posted time of 7pm highly disappointed .
i absolutely love this place food is delicious 5 glass of prosecco 4 stella are great prices i love the decor the atmosphere the location and the service its a cozy and very charming place to catch up with friends or for a date .
overpriced coffee served to you in chic read chipped coffee mugs ordered a sandwich and a cup of coffee and it was 20 00 then had to stand to eat it cause their rocking chairs around tables were taken hipster haven .
super cozy bar great selection of wine cheese meat and dessert love .
reviewing cappuccino only i know this one opened recently but the cappuccino is not as good as the one by the ritz bitter not enough milk and temperature was too hot i would love if this got fixed because its a beautiful space .
great spot took my girlfriend for her birthday our lovely waitress was all smiles and picked out a great wine for us she even picked the charcuterie and cheese we were happy  .
meh its really cool inside but pricey and the coffee isnt my thing food is okay but id rather frequent the older mom pop coffee shop two doors down .
good place for a date decent food great decor and good service its a great french restaurant tucked away in china town highly recommended .
food is ok but expensive .
escargot and mushroom puffs in little italy cute rustic place with patrons who like to stand instead of sit good for me romantic but too loud .
not worth the time their phone system is horrible you wait and then it  you very disappointed and the staff has an attitude when you do get through so many restaurants so little time for this do not waste your time as i did big disappointment .
came here with a few coworkers to grab some wine prices arent that bad for the area also there dark atmosphere setting makes it a great place if you need a place for a date night the service was good too .
the only good thing about this place is that they are open late their pizza is not good at all go to mr  instead .
relaxed atmosphere good reasonable wine list and good cheese charcuterie .
beyond disgusting i ordered a slice of penne pizza and a soda sat down to eat when a huge roach ran across my plate then the staff acted like that is ok .
best wine bar way over on the east side and pretty out of the way thus less  than its  great wine fantastic music and warm atmosphere good couches in the back a new fave .
i visit this pizzeria out of convenience the slices are ok not that tasty .
surprisingly good food .
maybe this place is great if you like indian food but if you go for thai youll be disappointed the curry was overly thick and strangely flavored the free dessert was a dunkin donuts  soaked in cinnamon water gross .
my favorite wine bar in the city delicious and not  expensive the cheese platters are awesome the green grapes are a nice touch ambiance is great and service is super  the french guy .
cafe lutecia is a sweet little cafe its food is okay but nothing that impressive unfortunately the cafe is so cramped and uncomfortable that its impossible to truly enjoy yourself here unless you grab a table outside .
huge fan i went here after a few mediocre places this place saved the night the atmosphere is super cozy the wine list is delish had the malbec it was super tasty and the food is awesome you cant go wrong .
i only order 2 dishes they r really really terrible too salty and not like  food at all    .
its like being in a cellar dim dark brick walls good affordable wines ill be back .
ordered pad thai to go and it was very poor dry barely spicey with rubbery mushrooms .
this place has a great  and great service the drinks are really delicious too i would recommend it for happy hour after work or a gathering with friends its definitely one of the better bars ive been to in nyc .
got takeout of three dishes all very bland in flavor and mushy .
so solid great wine at good prices generous  and cheese plates chill vibe  on   how could you miss this place may not be as good as it gets but tis the way things outta be .
17 pot beef was extremely oil way too spicy and overall disappointing the atmosphere is nice but the food leaves something to be desired .
nice little wine bar came here for a private gathering perfect space good apps and excellent service .
its aight id rather walk a tad bit and get real deals in chinatown .
what a great place for small plates and wine too bad our waitress was a  thats all i have to say about that .
attempted to go here for my friends birthday hostess told us it would be around a 30min wait we came back to the waiter telling us he actually cannot accommodate us so we waited for absolutely no reason and he just walked away without apologizing great service .
really crowded and small but the food is really good had the meat and cheese plate and some other small plates everything was delicious the lighting is romantic but the tight space and loudness makes it more of a place to get together with a few girlfriends .
my coworker and i decided to order  in for lunch i got the thai taco so greasy beyond greasy actually took the joy right out of what sounded like a good idea i doubt ill order from here again .
i went here when marshall stack was packed as always and found it to be on par with if not  to that place big tables good snack food friendly service wine and beer .
if i could give this place no stars even that would not be satisfactory waiter insulted friends about leaving a shitty tip when in actually left a nice 30 tip this has never happened anywhere else and i am severely disappointed with this establishments professionalism .
awesome happy hour really cute place cute decorations good wine selection .
ordered traditional pad thai with tofu the tofu was so tough made it hard to chew felt like it was frozen and recently  not what i would expect from this type of restaurant the fries are very good but didnt make up for subpar main dish .
half price glasses of wine on mondays holy fuck yes delicious nondescript appetizers .
ive been here three times and its been a consistent disappointment several of their items in the menu bordered on unpleasant i did have a curry which though small in portion was very good but thats about it .
great food slow service the wine selection will float your boat .
not impressed by the pad thai lunch special it was about 3 more expensive than competitors lunch packages and had nothing to recommend it l .
food was good and prices were right what more could you ask for .
over priced too much salt too much sugar did i say too much salt and too much sugar and overpriced .
cute the creme brulee was yum and although i cant comment much on the wine list i can say the decor and vibe has me excited to come back .
ordered delivery using the eat24 app i live literally two blocks away from the restaurant and it took 2 hours to reach me i kid you not food wasnt great either definitely not worth 13 for that special pad thai overall bad experience wouldnt recommend .
good ambiance solid cheese plate and delicious wine .
extremely disappointing green curry soup and coconut rice best avoided .
if you know what to order youll have a great time the staff is excellent and attentive the back seating area is nice for a  with drinks and games this establishment is worth the time and money and their food is good .
i can only review this place based on a take out order it arrived like warm food was good but not for the price .
cute comfortable and warm great cheese and meat platter and great wine service was great too definitely going back soon .
horrible service and greasy food for good thai look elsewhere .
great atmosphere the menu is limited but great to go for tapas and wine fantastic wine menu and they always play great music perfect for a date at the bar or even a group .
dont know what all the hype is about dishes were hit or miss nothing amazing trendy fun atmosphere .
seated type of place no area for mingling standing up serves dinner in front great wines they  no reservation birthday group until a reserved party arrived crowded on late oct sat night need to make reservations .
one word to describe the experience meh it wasnt bad and they are trying very hard to be higher end thai food but overall experience there are better and cheaper food elsewhere .
jadis has a great wine list and lovely food great for a date an evening out with old friends or a party in the back with their super comfy couches also the service is always great check out jadis you will not be disappointed .
over priced and overwhelming seasoning had papaya salad and it was too sour to enjoy had a soup that was too salty and a curry that was too sweet i left dinner feeling like i just  at  candy bar .
best wine bar ever seriously though comfortable seating moderate prices cozy decor friendly service yummy food who could ask for more .
if you have a board outside saying happy hour beer 5 you should have 5 beer on the inside .
dude i love this place i bring friends here its awesome and such a good price and to be honest every time i call last minute for a large party they always cater to me i love it here .
the veggie chicken banh me was gross .
came here for a friends going away party great wine selection reasonable prices nice romantic and cozy spot .
their hours are a  when open the food is decent but more often than not im greeted by a closed sign .
nice wine bar atmosphere no pretense well priced cheese and wine selection def try the quiche .
um closed on a saturday at 4pm you failed as a deli and you were closed on a weekend when the mercer dragon boat festival was down the street super fail sorry and i so wanted to try your sandwiches boo .
hands down the best wine bar in the city the wines and food are superb and the service is impeccable for this vibe and caliber jadis could have gotten away with charging a lot more .
the food was good but only if you were to look at it eating it proved to be a   mostly because of how badly it tasted the service was good though .
excellent wine warm atmosphere .
no no no do not go here it was just plain awful service good enough but clearly had some issues going in food was terrible hate to be so honest but wouldnt want anyone to go here thinking it was going to be good food .
attentive helpful staff a great wine list and generous charcuterie and  platters to satisfy most an ideal place to share a bottle .
how can this place have any good reviews i dont understand honestly some of the worst attempt at mexican food ive had in quite awhile my enchiladas were tasteless wet and expensive what a waste of a meal out .
tasty wine and even tastier cheese very attentive staff nice ambient music good times great for a night out for catching up with the girls .
not at all vegetarianfriendly soso food and over priced very disappointing .
all all around a great place to be great ambiance stellar quiche and pleasant staff cheese platter was perfect and the prices pretty good for a date girls night out if youre in the area or just want some wine oh yeah scallops do it .
this is not mexican food waaaay overpriced check out the many many other much better restaurants in burlington first .
cozy warm candles great wine great prices perfect date place .
certainly has refried beans with all the flavor of canned beans and melted orange cheese but authentic mexican or anything remotely  it this is not .
very friendly downtoearth yet special their french inspired sandwiches and salads are delicious and made with care the wine list is full of wines by the glass and the staff is very knowledgeable i really like this place can you tell im tired .
i dont know what was up with the place but the food was not fresh the service was non existent would not  their  again the waiter was nice once he found us not that it was busy .
perfect place to relax into the  leather couches and have a glass of wine with friends my friend lives upstairs and calls it his living room the food is also quite good and the owners and friendly .
ordered 2 burritos which came with maybe a tablespoon of meat between them all rice and beans definitely not ordering from this place again .
one of my favorite wine bars the wines are affordable great  for 25 cozy exposed brick atmosphere friendly owner the cheese plates are mediocre but their duck mousse is quite good .
go for the warm homemade churros da best .
great little find on the lower east side that has somehow  the weekend  that other places in the area  with lowkey with nice ambiance good wine selection attentive service and a great cheese plate the salami small plate was great as well .
i ordered the shrimp scampi on the 10 95 special menu and to my surprise i was brought five shrimp in a small dish with two potato slices a for sure no go ridiculously over priced with awfully small portions .
went there for a quiet evening they have a great selection of french wines the small plates definitely hit the spot and the ambiance low lights brick and an overall chill atmosphere make this a great place to spend an evening with friends or lovers .
disgusting revolting just run away from this place it has french fries and grease on the floor its a grease fire waiting to happen the waitress was rude needless to say we didnt eat and left gross .
great food great delivery .
way overhyped streets are dangerous at night food portions are huge very very greasy was on the toilet for hours afterwards truly  location very  inside i will not return .
great food wish i had someone to explain the ordering process because i felt so lost the lady wasnt very nice when i did order but its whatever id still go back there to eat lol .
food was bland and completely uninspired the real disappointment was the terrible customer service and rude wait staff no wonder the place was crowded .
best spanish food in bayonne great staff and they do deliver .
my husband and i went to  the service was great but i asked for not spicy at all and it was still way too spicy for me food was okay but ive had better good prices though .
its true what everyone says the food is delicious and its cheap too but the service is horrible they dont ask how can i help you or anything and when youre  like myself they like grill you to order something now .
this is for takeout only as i did not dine in but too expensive and too small of a portion for takeout thai i will go back to try dining in .
good food excellent place warning the girls behind the food line can be a but ruff around the edge seemed a bit stuck up but for the most part excellent food and cheap .
bad service bland food and way too loud server messed up the order then lied about it to top it off we had to ask for check many times not coming back ever .
amazing food i never had a problem with the service but i also dont usually eat in i usually take out great great food and the prices are fair .
good place for parathas lovers but other food was average .
as a dominican living in bayonne i could not be happier to of found this place feels like being back in manhattan in the heights great food amazing portions and prices that cant be beat .
last time i ate here which was 1 year ago i saw a roach crawling up the wall eat here at your own risk .
delicious food fresh and affordable .
 ka  they have signs for this delicious dessert but good luck ordering it if you plan on staying there for some ridiculous reason it is takeout only .
this place is fantastic for brunch such great service fantastic food and it all came quickly to us no wait even on a busy brunch sunday good stop in philly just a side  is only one bathroom in the back .
the only good thing about this place is the view and the only reason it gets a star so by all means have a drink here and enjoy the sunset but skip the dining there are so many good options in burlington this is not one of them .
love stopping here for a late breakfast during the week the omelets are amazing and huge fresh cup of coffee and service is always with a smile .
if you want to get some weak ass drinks with a shit ton of people around this place is for you .
yum get the  burger its delicious and get their sweet  fries and half iced tea lemonade delicious .
i was disappointed with how i was treated by the staff at milk honey the were rude when they took my order and unapologetic when they got it wrong .
love this place food is great the service is really good and the atmosphere is awesome i wish we have something like this in cali .
they allow no computers on weekends they need to improve on their customer service definitely not a place to go have a relaxing cup of coffee or study .
food was delicious we had their signature stuffed french toast be ready for a huge portion lol .
this place has good food and coffee but they get a bad review because the service is extremely slow it took 30 minutes for an egg sandwich i should have gone to  gotten my own ingredients and made it myself at home so ridiculous .
friends brought me here while visiting philly it was the most ridiculously good brunch i have ever had everything on the table was amazing .
the place is nice but the service sucks and the food is not very good to say needs more flavor .
food was delicious one of my top 5 places to have brunch i had the stuffed challah french toast will definitely eat here again .
rude staff with the exception of the woman still killed the vibe .
theres french toast was the best french toast ive ever had in my life they take card its byob including hard liquor .
we picked up two pies last week canned mushrooms yes canned mushrooms are you kidding me in 2013 in jersey they serve canned mushroom two stars is generous the other pie was cold never going back .
the best huevos rancheros that ive had in philly only bad part is waiting for a table when they get really busy .
i thought his place was ok then it started to go downhill there pizza wa pretty good yet lately its very bland and i only order it when i get a coupon otherwise i stick to sopranos or  .
 never sick of their spanish latte their service is always good i go there everyday and even made friends with the workers there .
just got home from a disappointing dinner food was fine but many mistakes for an 80 each dinner including a bowl of sugar instead of salt with the bread room temperature rose and and a bus boy with  bo .
great food great service every single time i have never been disappointed worth the wait you wont regret waiting stuffed french toast is amazing .
was disappointed love bobby flay but thought the food would be better the chicken tasted like soap and i couldnt even eat the potatoes on the side the appetizers are better than the entrees .
feels very homie and much like a diner feel to it great service and superb dishes like all of the philly sabrinas cafe their challah french is sooooo good but its a must share dish so filling .
just left the restaurant was served raw  they took it back brought it back and it was still raw .
i recently made a second visit to this location and was not disappointed good service and great good i had the stuffed french toast again and tried the  burger both were excellent im looking forward to returning and trying something else on the menu .
in a word meh squid ink pasta was thin overlooked and salty desert not memorable maybe get a pastry chef waitress messed our order was an ok meal food was normal and not mind blowing not worth going back maybe i just was expecting more .
yummy personally i think the stuffed french toast is too much just the french toast is great .
asked for brown rice got white meals contain almost no veggies about 85 tofu which is overly sweet i wouldnt go back .
love their huevos rancheros the french toast looked amazing too service was quick and pleasant overall despite dealing with multiple waitresses i would recommend trying this place after visiting the sites of  square location is parking friendly as well .
food was a 2 processed ham is pretty much the only ingredient in the peking noodles service was a 1 the owner was really mean .
amazing food really fast giving us our food good service nice people really good music as well definitely coming back .
not a fan i thought i liked it at first but later i changed my mind nothing special .
best breakfast place ive been to in pa the turkey bacon spinach  is fantastic .
slow on the service and the bubble tea is seriously watery and lacking in  goodness the portions for lunch were decent just everything is over sauced to death if you order anything just request the bottle of sauce on the side .
we had a great time at brunch the french toast is a must for sure its byob and we brought alcohol but the orange juice added up fast really might as well be buying drinks the wait was quick and food came fast id definitely recommend it .
soup dumplings were just okay some had absolute no soup some had the reason why i gave them 1 star is because the waiters were absolutely obnoxious can not believe how rude they were would not comeback here again .
byob brunches are whack waiting 40 minutes for a table is whack being cramped into a booth is whack quick service inexpensive and  brunch items as well as  burgers and beautiful patrons well lets just agree thats not whack .
if you want to try authentic chinese food please do not come here everything here is americanized i order spicy fish filet a big no no probably they do better at shanghai food but im not a big fan of one restaurant multiple cuisine at all .
fabulous stuffed french toast and home fries and peppers my server was friendly and helpful plus side they accept credit cards yay .
disgusting you can receive the worst service in ny ­ .
my husband and i went here when we first visited philly and we loved it its so old school and charming the food is great too .
soup dumplings were good but not worth the terrible service we received didnt ask if we needed water or anything they know the service sucks so they add a 15 tip to your bill regardless of your party size .
cant go wrong with breakfast all day good vegetarian and gluten free options came here for lunch but ordered from the breakfast menu they were accommodating of my friends gluten free needs we are there before going to the  which is a short walk away .
i think this will be my last visit to joes the skin of the soup dumplings are thinner and theres a lot of soup only plus do not try the pan fried noodles the noodles look and taste like styrofoam and the sauce makes it worse .
way better than any other diner i have been too the sausages i ordered were tasty and not with nasty skin that hangs off the homes fries were great overall satisfied i will be back next time im in the mood for american diner .
the food was great but i got a food poisoning later waiter was kinda rude he told us to leave right after we paid the bill because people were waiting but do i go back yes the food was that great .
great food and some  american service staff is very friendly even when its busy i had their signature stuffed french toast and its huge so bad for you but it was worth it .
my boss and i both got sick terrible atmosphere and service .
had an awesome breakfast here this morning as they say on the reviews the portions are big as a gluten free person the sourdough bread is the best i have found the staff is very friendly and efficient highly recommend .
for me customer service is really important in a restaurant waiterswaitresses can easily ruin your appetite to me the food was a bit better than other shanghai restaurants you go to in chinatown the  do not respect customers .
i enjoyed the variety of flavors in the dishes here but the portions are way too big i liked the atmosphere and our server  took care of us with charm and  very pleasant dining experience food for parties of 26 .
many people recommend went couple years ago and got really disappointed more people recommend these years went again sigh will never go back not seen much chinese people eating there for decent shanghainese food please do not go there .
call ahead ignore those reviewers  and  about the wait you can  avoid it by calling with your party number as you travel there dont be a  call ahead sabrinas is the best .
tourist trap dont go especially if you are vegetarian they  a service charge on our bill even with 2 people food was mediocre at best .
best breakfast place ive ever been to the food just blew my taste buds away and the prices arent too bad i hear the wait can get crazy on certain days but i havent experienced it yet .
this is a worst restaurant the food very very salty and the server so bad i never come here again .
love love love this place everything is amazing its worth the wait we split the stuffed french toast for dessert it was suggested by our amazing waitress .
joes shanghai is  another below average restaurant 1star .
the food is amazing but plan extra time to wait we were told 45 minutes to an hour and waited about an hour and a half but the stuffed french toast is worth it .
the  were pretty good but overall its not something to be impressed about the chicken fried rice was okay but the flat noodles were greasy you can just taste the msg the service is bad too cash only .
great food awesome service affordable prices unbeatable sabrinas cafe is a hidden gem in philadelphia and i highly recommend anybody to venture to the chic cafe on  street well worth the possible wait for an available table .
not authentic at all and the do not have dim sum as it said in yelp too salty and very american chinese first time yelp lets me down .
as good food atmosphere and staff as other reviewers described definitely a  in san francisco kind of place .
everything including other food service and the environment besides the xiao long bao is horrible .
i have never had a meal here that wasnt perfect my go to place for brunch the best stuffed french toast .
not the best  the only good thing on menu was king pao chicken over priced wouldnt return rude staff .
i think at this point  reviews for this place are  standard brunch place long wait esp groups huge portions brunch specials huevos rancheros are always solid prefer green eggs but something to be said for  walk to brunch .
theres insect in the food and terrible handling services food taste great but just dirty as hell .
excellent for breakfast lunch or dinner great food attentive staff and reasonably priced stuffed french toast for breakfast is a must the turkey burger is also fantastic .
yes the soup dumplings are amazing but that is it the attention seems to be raising prices which makes it less attractive for a chinatown location sorry last time as a local visiting this tourist trap .
was great showed up saturday afternoon and only waited 10 minutes food was amazing and portions large great food at a great prince and excellent waitstaff .
waaaaay overrated poor service greasy food and always a crowd of people one of the dishes we ordered looked like it was reheated in the microwave i prefer asia  on mott street .
fantastic brunch but be ready to wait .
overrated dumplings less clean and more crowded even on low  standards also on the lower tier of chinatown bathrooms the  and surrounding area smelled bad granted it was summertime .
ive tried my first veg cheesestake here and i liked it .
we lined up for over 40 minutes to be served we ordered soup dumplings baby shrimp beef and vegetable it is fair to say only the taste of soup dumplings and vegetable could be accepted from a chinese point of view .
great la colombe coffee excellent service  was attentive and helpful reasonable pricing decent food if youre here for the french toast not the stuffed one get the kids size because the  challah french toast is massive .
was greeted in the beginning by a nice young lady as soon as we hit the table the service was bad poor customer service and the food was mediocre for having so many celebrities here i was surprised .
had brunch here today with a large group of people the food and service were excellent i got an omelet but after seeing the stuffed french toast i wish i got that dish it looked so good next time id get that and would definitely come back here .
the hot and sour soup was excellent the rest soup dumplings pickled cabbage cold sesame noodles was way too oily too oily even for our 6 foot teenager who is a human food  i love chinese but would have to say give this one a pass .
doesnt take reservations be prepared to wait that said sunday brunch is awesome you wont be disappointed .
overhyped rude staff soup dumplings quite ordinary i wish my friend who referred me had told me about the awkward community dining on  tables unless you have an inside scoop or can talk to the staff dont bother it was a wasted meal experience .
i had breakfast here on a weekday 9am plenty of seats available very casual place since this was my first visit i went with one of sabrinas specialties stuffed french toast it was delicious will definitely stop by again the next time im in fairmount .
the soup dumplings are great but only the pork and everything else is subpar have been twice and thats once too much .
great food portions like ive never seen before i would have given 5 stars if it wasnt for the order being wrong would definitely come back check it out .
i dont get it the service was bad the food quality was horrendous the wait was long everyone said my dish was the best and i thought it was gross cant imagine how bad their food must have tasted the emperor has no clothes .
i found this place on yelp according to the high reviews we went with family and liked the friendly service and yummy food the food portion is actually a good size if youre a breaking bad fan they have a special menu section .
their soup dumplings are delicious and their food is good as well but the wait is just ridiculous i honestly dont think that it is worth the wait 40 minutes for dumplings no thank you .
great service nice atmosphere and delicious breakfast stumbled here by accident but will definitely make the 25 minute trip from nj for the stuffed french toast and huevos rancheros .
this place is definitely paying for fake reviews i get that its always packed with tourists but 2000 reviews and 4 stars for unspectacular shanghainese food you must be kidding me .
this is my second time here sabrinas has amazing brunch selections its byob and their specials are alway tasty and have interesting names its a bit crammed inside and the wait is usually between  but its definitely worth it .
i got food poisoning and everything was super greasy pass .
great family atmosphere we took our 3 week old the portions are huge service is friendly and the food is delicious sweet potato fries and stuffed french toast are a must .
food was mediocre at best the restaurant is small and dingy they take tip from you and add it to the bill would not recommend this place at all .
sabrinas was awesome got the blue cheese and bacon frittata and the huevos rancheros very creative with flavors and large portions all of the wait staff  like a bunch of damn hipsters so be prepared but really nice people great service and phenomenal food .
i had the dumplings everyone goes crazy over they were tasty but otherwise this was just a busy chinese food place no dim sum which was what i was searching for .
great breakfast with huge portions prepare for a wait on the weekends unless youre there real early .
this was the worst chinese food i have ever eaten except for the soup dumplings .
great brunch spot come hungry food and service were excellent the stuffed french toast was out of this world the wait was about 20 minutes but we would have waited 120 for the kind of meal we got .
ok at best the soup dumplings were good but everything else was just meh atmosphere is like a cross between a diner and a chinese restaurant dont plan on a return visit that i do know .
really interesting brunch menu tried   mio with black bean grits however the challah french toast with cream cheese and bananas absolutely stole the show will be back .
average quality food no lunch menu  14 for lemon chicken and white steamed rice not a one price by any means more like try other places instead that are nicer inside .
we went on a saturday morning and didnt have to wait at all because we sat at the bar the  rancheros were really good and the staff was very friendly i would definitely go back .
my review in one sentence shanghai cafe makes a better soupy dumpling in the words of   and thats all i have to say about that .
once a year i always have a lunch date here with a friend of mine service is always good foods good love their specials parking wise its as sucky as center city thats the downside .
we really wanted to try this went all the way down only to find it has a c rating to get a b is hard to do so to have a c it must be filthy what a huge disappointment after coming all that way diners beware .
amazing menu unique and creative huevos rancheros was delicious .
dont know why everyone loves the dumplings thought they were gross shanghai noodles were good but nothing special .
usually tasty fare off the specials menu for a decent price you can even share a plate and still be full beware the wait try going on off times or just grab a seat at the bar instead of a table shorter wait time .
was very disappointed when visited they use to have the best dumpling in town but i guess no more it was nasty when i ordered it last time .
this place is always good consistent the huevos rancheros are a must try the wait tends to be pretty long about 30 minutes but if you call ahead its take some time off .
ive had better go to shanghai cafe for cheaper dont get what all the noise is about .
seriously the best brunch in philly ive never had a bad dish in this location or university city location the specials are always innovative creative and most importantly delicious .
too busy overly crowded ive had better chinese food and soup dumplings its overrated for what you actually get .
mmm .
i got nightmare food poisoning after eating here nuff said the food was also terrible too terrible to even write about .
delicious i recommend the stuffed french toast the portions are huge you could easily split the meal between two .
i love soup dumplings and joes got some decent dumplings but to wait for a table and to deal with the staffs that thinks their better than their job ill pass so many places in chinatown to get decent dumplings ill have to pass .
good breakfast if you are hungry portions are big .
 as someone having xiao long bao for over 20 yrs i have to say this place makes something i would never consider as xiao long its sooo big and the cover is just too thick cant understand y so many ppl  it .
terrific everyone knows sabrinas is classic fun and delicious great food accommodating great service good for groups despite the always full crowd comfortable .
i like the food but the service  a 2 star i simply hate waiting on a line when the staff shows no  to get me seated its also just too crowded to sit definitely consider taking out instead .
great french toast worth the 10  sandwhich was good roll was hard not sure if maybe it was suppose to be burger came back super bloody so ask for super well done unless youre a vampire .
food poisoning enough said .
diner with awesome food as noted in other reviews great for vegetarians quality seitan that can be subbed for lots of choices with meat great service staff as well .
for what it costs the food is great however ive had better chinese food and steamed pork dumplings elsewhere if youve had the dumplings at din tai fung in southern california then joes shangai doesnt even compare .
great place for brunch service is awesome and they are super nice and helpful did not give 5 stars just because i never give 5 but they kind of deserve 5 for the food and the staff o .
on the night of  2nd joes shanghai got  violation points from the health department and i got food poisoning its too bad because the food tasted great .
ive always eaten the french toast which has never been a let down i finally decided to get the pancakes the best buttermilk pancakes ive ever had they are so fluffy and with the cinnamon sugar on top its nothing but amazing .
food was horrible soup dumping were gross  head was 4 meatballs for 14 just horrible not worth a dollar i know good food and it is not here .
the nachos were fantastic a little on the expensive side and the restaurant is often crowded but that just proves how popular it is .
i love the xiao long bao here but the service really kills my mood the servers are extremely rude at times the joes shanghai in flushing is much better the food tastes the same and the atmosphere is more relaxed compared to the one in chinatown .
best french toast in existence so worth the wait and the staff is awesome also love the personal touch with the homey coffee mugs .
i felt kinda nasty after leaving and found the soup dumplings here to be a little on the gelatinous side they were ok but im not going back since the wait is out of hand .
one of phillys best restaurants you get a good amount of food staff are terrific and its worth the wait i been here about 10 times and was never dissapointed once u go u will be hooked .
i ate dinner at joes shanghai  soup dumplings vegetable lo mein and pepper shrimp last night and by 4 a m was sick as a dog with food poisoning beware .
generous portions and yummy food the decor is super cute and eclectic and because the menu changes all the time there is always something new and interesting on the menu one of my favorite places for brunch in the city .
long wait to sit but fast food service dumplings are not that good especially compared to din tai fung .
great food and the menu changes all the time so theres always something new to try ive had the eggs benedict and tried several of the mexican inspired brunch foods and never been disappointed the portions are huge definitely  byob .
pros quick takeout scallion pancakes cons greasy made too far in  tasting food canned mushrooms and imitation crab requested vegetable spring rolls actual rolls had pork and shrimp cash only run down tired space tossed the leftovers sad i wasted one of my precious ny meals here .
excellent food i had the fall pasta special my wife had a burger both were delicious and huge in spite of that we saved room for dessert the flourless chocolate tort was seriously  and my red velvet cake was yummy .
too greasy and too salty the dumplings joes is known for are way over hyped save yourself the wait and trek and just hop into any other chinatown eatery for better treats .
freakin amazing food they come up with the most random concoctions that sounds strange but is utterly amazing its always crowded but theres a good reason for it the place is a little cramped but it doesnt matter when youre eating the food there .
i think its a lil overrated i like the other local joints and their xiao long bao not big about sharing tables .
this was recommended for breakfast by the concierge at the sheraton it was a good choice small place with a nice breakfast menu quick service good food even fresh baked bread definitely worth the walk for breakfast .
been there so many times dumplings are good but never know they put service charge even two people and not telling you aware of that we  every single time until we noticed last time .
my go to brunch place just be ready to wait for your seat .
i just noticed tonight that they put 15 service charge on the bill add that with your bill then tax you on that  amount why are you charging me tax on the service charge ridiculous .
great way to start a date with my wife french toast was so big and filling great prices and very friendly service walking distance to many attractions really enjoyed it .
vomit inducing .
my favorite place ever id have them cater my wedding if possible .
sucks like eating mush .
great place to eat the wait is sometimes long but usually they get you seated pretty fast .
ive definitely had better soup dumplings we had the crab and the pork dumplings im not sure why the soup in the dumpling was so brown its not supposed to be that brown people i gave them an extra star because the service was good .
the best things about this place are the atmosphere and the huge menu lots of  options in a trendy hip eclectic place ive only been there for breakfast twice but one day id like to go back for lunch or dinner this place is way fun .
this place has gone downhill now that it is a tourist destination the dumplings are still good but nothing else is joes shanghai in flushing is much better .
made a quick trip to philly great food and great atmosphere .
tried this several times and it doesnt taste authentic the soup dumplings are soso and the dishes are missing the right flavors go to  they have a smaller location but they still have the best soup dumplings .
stuffed french toast insane   very yummy .
1 long wait at least 40 minutes on a good day 2 overwhelmingly crowded even at 10 pm 3 subpar dumplings and noodles go somewhere else .
what a great little find in downtown philly just a few blocks off of broad street be sure and check the board for their specials generous portions good food and great service .
i have been sick from there food for 12 days and had to take antibiotics from such bad  from eating this disgusting shit do not eat here .
go go go so good so cheap for the quality and the amount of food their variety and creativity for breakfast dishes makes me choose this place every time very hipster btw .
joes is loud overcrowded with tourists and the food is subpar in my opinion there are far better places like new green bo to get famous soup dumplings joes yawn eye roll .
there normally is a wait to be seated every weekend but its well worth the wait brunch is amazing especially the stuffed french toast staff is great and food is well executed in a timely fashion .
go there for the steamed mini soup buns but stay for nothing else for true edible shanghai fare there are a couple other places in chinatown i would recommend over this place .
service was good nice atmosphere i had french toast stuffed with cream cheese that was awsome i would definetly go again .
poor service rude staff long wait for table even with reservations etc if you are big on service this is not the place for you too trendy with not enough focus on service and food food was decent but nothing special .
very cute place for brunch had the special stuffed challah french toast here which was delicious tofu scramble was also yummy the place is busy and a little cramped service was great impressively attentive given how busy they were 4 5 stars .
nothing  to me here everything we had on our table didnt taste right it was either too spicy or flavorless wouldnt recommend this  had much better asian fusion in the city staff was nice and the restaurant itself it nice looking but thats about it .
be prepared to get rolled out of this place at the end of your meal so delicious and so much food i always bring out of town visitors here but theres usually a pretty long wait at this location .
dumpling soup was too salty and they certainly dont know how to cook peking duck it is better be called fatty bbq duck .
this place rocks the stuffed french toast is phenomenal the meatloaf sandwich was tasty and the  makes the place water full check check on you but not too much check leave there with a smile everytime .
very disappointed by the fact that we made a reservation on open table for a specific time and still had to wait an hour after our reserved time to be seated .
salad and stuffed french toast .
as a chinese i just want to say that this place is not chinese food at all everything is salty like hell and it is  expensive for just a few dishes if you like authentic chinese food dont go .
this is the place for breakfast big healthy menu and although the food can be a little inconsistent the waitstaff more than makes up for it with their prompt attention witty  and unique style perfect place to stop before work for coffee and a pancake .
h .
awesome breakfast place sometimes there is a long wait 1 hr very good food .
poor service was blatantly lied too while here i wouldnt trust them food is ehhh for the price too loud to enjoy the meal as well .
omg the portions were  too big i mean the 4 of us could have shared 1 entree my french toast was actually cold so they reheated it all in all it was good but portion is too much and this is coming from an extreme foodie .
meh thats the only word i can use to describe this place the dining room is great thats were the pros stop nothing stands out as being particularly bad as such just that this place is all about unmemorable  food .
love to go for breakfast brunch or lunch large portions and good price i dont order the burgers since they char them they just taste burnt to me otherwise i love all the other entrees that ive ordered especially the sweet potatoe fries .
i went for dinner last night with my hubby everything we ordered was no good the philly cheesesteak tasted like fish and the fried rice was no good either the atmosphere was nice but everything else was just ok .
great breakfastbrunch spot came on saturday and it was packed luckily you can get a spot at the counter to bypass the line plus its walking distance to the franklin  and the art museum .
if you are looking to   as a result of water  then come here to increase your salt  pack a  of water though because the servers arent the best at refilling your glass and the gobi is quite a trek to make without  .
i honestly like the other location better in terms of ambiance yelp  however the food here is just as good and there is less waiting .
stopped in for dinner but just got appetizers modern trendy and oh so center city nice sampling of local  on tap edamame dumplings and cheesesteak small plates were good .
the food was great so yummy large portions call ahead and the wait is not too long very friendly and fast service nothing bad to say at all love it will go there lots of times .
went to  tonight for a drink after dinner at el vez and the place was dead the bartender in the back was terrible very weird vibe from this place wouldnt venture back even if the  were free two thumbs down way down .
wow simply awesome went one sunday morning and had to wait 1 12 hours for a table but well worth the wait stuffed french toast was great just call ahead to put your name on the waiting list .
not great food was too salty i wont come back nice set up and ambiance .
really good food for a very small cost .
not good wings are small and full of old oil dont bother the prices are all  out not the cleanest looking place wings express in west haven is way better .
awesome decaf crazy delicious stuffed french toast waitress was bubbly and kind reminded me how much i missed the show blossom .
i have had wings everywhere possible in ct and this place was the worst it was completely dirty and the wings were really tiny and really greasy hate to say it but i would never ever step foot in this nasty place again .
i tried this place out on recommendation from a friend its awesome i took my 2 kids a relative visiting us and my husband there was something for everyone everything was great outstanding service food is fresh loved it .
super bowl disaster even if you order a week ahead of time .
great brunch im a fan of this place .
i been to this place several times i do like their veggie sandwiches but today i ordered their chicken shawarma and it looked like dog food i would not be surprise it was really dog food because the owner also owns a pet hotel in soho .
this is the best brunch place in the city try the stuffed french toast period the huevos rancheros is also really good and so is the southwest chicken salad the service is helpful and attentive and we usually get sat pretty quickly even though theyre super busy .
definitely dont come here if your hungry ordered a smothered burrito and was like a large appetizer half the size of a chipotle burrito very disappointed .
amazing brunch worth the wait cal ahead for reservations stuffed french toast was amazing juevos rancheros next time the table next to us ordered  and they look yummy .
went to qdoba for the first time and i dont think ill go back any time soon quantity isnt quality .
great service great presentation of food .
i agree with previous reviewers that the place is way  i will add that i am 80 certain that the burrito i had at qdoba is responsible for giving me food poisoning im never going there again despite its  and convenience .
one of the best brunch places in philly im a fan bc it is consistently good and the service is awesome .
terrible service our orders were sent to the next table waiter kept on asking if we have everything when there were dishes missing food is sub par considering the price overall wife was pissed not coming back .
always a wait but well worth it .
tempura was just ok the one piece of baby yellowtail i had seemed fresh tom yum soup tastes like dirty water dumped into a used pot prices are expensive for such bad food the presentation is nice but im never coming back here .
sabrinas cafe was great the stuffed challah french toast was amazing there are actually two types of french toast one has berries and the other has bananas both are amazing .
we went bc its close to  reviews looked good we got the balsamic liver thing and the lasagna and some beef dish it was edible but i never want to have any of it again .
great service and awesome food well worth the 30 minute wait on a weekend .
its a nice cozy atmosphere but a bit on the stuffy side their ravioli is a never order it is just 4 huge squares of dough sitting in  butter i believe their only decent dish is the lasagna and seafood pasta from their pasta entrees .
so good that we had to make 2 visits in a 24hr period before we said goodbye to philly huge portions mouthwatering food and great prices this is definitely the best cafe i have ever been to .
i just dont get it the food has been terrible every single time ive been there youre sat on top of strangers and you must wait forever to get in overall though im glad its there so people go to  the end .
we met with some friends for breakfast and had a mix of stuffed french toast eggs benedict and some other items all of our food was top notch but the stuffed french toast stood out as the best item ordered .
they told us at 10pm 30 minutes before closing that they are closed please change the hours so no one else rushes there to find out they are late .
this place gets better every time i go food is awesome breakfast all day had to take off one star due to the fact that i heard two staff members cracking jokes on someone eating  keep this in check management .
great price poor food had three dishes salty salty salty and this oily fried wonton garbage with slice pork cuts tiramisu with tons of dark chocolate used to kill the rest of the cake .
wonderful breakfast eggs were over cooked but overall very good .
almost an hour wait to get our food on a sunday afternoon how hard is to cook sausages being nice complaining and asking politely why doesnt help get your food any faster fail wont come back here .
sometimes great sometimes not sometimes no wait sometimes wait forever sometimes super friendly sometimes not so much .
no star  rudely shrugged his shoulders upon me asking where to sit i walked out and wont return why  in a place with a rude staff .
pretty fantastic brunch .
really did not like this place it was entirely too crowded and the air conditioning was not working properly it was actually nicer outside in the august heat they do have a good selection of german beer but i dont think i saw much of anything else .
great place for brunch plan to wait 30min 1 hour great prices for the large portions .
terrible service took 15 minutes to get water it was almost 40 minutes to get my food other people who sat down after me received their food ahead of me when my food came out it wasnt very warm and my side of fruit was  .
the wait is worth it .
really bland food and the portions seemed smaller than average very disappointed would not do again .
if youre looking for a good place for breakfast sabrinas should be at the top of your list the huevos rancheros and pancakes were excellent although there were a lot of people waiting they never pressured us to leave .
worst mexican food ever and i am mexican and from los angeles food wad bland and terrible and worst service ever as a latino i know things might run slower than normal but this was awful service and i could wait to pay and leave .
good things come to those who wait the stuffed french toast is as  food portions are big the waitresses are fun and serve you well they refill your coffee before you ask price is good too for philly highly  this place .
this place is the worst we waited hours for a table then 45 minutes for drinks then they got our  wrong then they charged us for food and drink we never received when we complained the staff  my friend avoid at all costs .
great breakfast large portions decent burgers just found out about this little jewel after living 1 block away for 6 months only complaint is that it is very popular and youll have to wait about 1520 mins for sunday brunch .
ordered the steak  it was anything but fresh the meat tasted sour only got through one bite before i had to spit it out only good thing were the margaritas the food he is just awful which is a shame but typical of south orange .
this place gets pretty packed but well worth the wait stuffed french toast gives sabrinas some    .
the ambiance was nice but the food quality was not the best asked for a skirt steak medium and they made it well done the guacamole was delicious and the service was good might give it another try but ive had better texmex food in other locations .
breakfastbrunch is  much my favorite meal and sabrinas has good eats though the wait can be a pain sometimes .
ive lived in la for 14 years and even the chain places there are far better than this place this place reeks of frozen food been there once wont go back .
loved it awesome in size and quality french toast order half long wait after  bustling diner atmosphere friendly and hip my only complaint too much food next time well order one thing and split it .
came here and the sangria was good but i asked for pulpo octopus and they gave me squid major let down but what was even worse was it was over cooked and the service is not that great .
got a delicious veggie burger next time ill be more adventurous quick to be seated during the workweek for lunch which i hear isnt the case on the weekend the sweet potato fries were delicious the service was friendly and prompt couldnt ask for more .
i dont know what happened to toro it used to be an average restaurant since our last order my friends and i have vowed to never go back .
delicious  of a brunch option they have something on the menu to feed every hungry  in your group which is good since youll certainly work up an appetite waiting for your table .
bad takeout  on early sunday evening pickup only bland and fatty no good .
probably one of the best places to have breakfast anywhere stuffed french toast with whipped cream cheese inside and fresh fruits with fruity syrup is just heavenly my favorite though is the omelet apple slices sauteed spinach roasted peppers and cheddar cheese yum .
the music hear was unbearable on their cheap stereo system the good was mediocre and didnt taste high quality i got the cachapa which looked and tasted like it came from a mix .
indulging in their banana and cream cheese stuffed french toast is my favorite brunch activity  this place so cheap for so much food i recommend getting the half order of the french toast its not on the menu but theyve always happily  when i ask .
 on a sunday phone hello  me do you deliver phone yes but im busy so not now me well when phone when im not in the middle of something me okay click wtf wtf .
amazing brunch servings are definitely way bigger than necessary which makes for good leftovers .
service good food and drink no good .
food was amazing i felt compelled to finish everything on my plate as to not endure any potential bad  from wasting such wonderful food also i called ahead and was seated within 10 minutes of arriving during a busy brunch sunday i would recommend the same .
this restaurant completely disappoints me every time i try to order their service is extremely poor .
yummy yummy brunch the only downside is that its impossible to decide what to order .
after all the great reviews we were overall disappointed the food was good but nothing spectacular .
youve  me up on those bad school days thanks sabrinas .
good and tasty food but the service is a whole different story not very organized at the time of keeping track of people waiting for tables we waited forever for a table for two and they kept skipping us as they didnt have a waiting list .
the special burger of the day was bleu cheese pears caramelized onions and bacon though it was cooked well past medium the burger was delicious and juicy .
bad service mediocre food passable .
tasty for sure had the challah french toast delicious apple and cheddar omelet was also a pick to be had very friendly staff and good eats check it out for the neighborhood breakfast .
we saw this restaurant on cooking channel yesterday so we decided to try we ordered appetizer sampler and  they were alright nothing to be impressed service was good and food was very reasonably priced although it wasnt expensive id rather spend the money for something else .
smashing just as good as the 1st but youll get seated faster soooo good try the juevos or the stuffed french toast bring your lover here then when she really falls in love with you and wants you to meet her parents bring them here .
we met some friends for some oysters and sliders at happy hour but were asked to leave because we had a baby with us it was 4 in the afternoon horrible customer service never going back .
this is place is no joke the  was super yummy definitely better than steak or maybe its the way the animal was raised i dont know but i would say this place you must try this place out i wish i had one closer to home .
pros cheap happy hour okay cocktails cons tacos average asked for corn tortillas and was brought flour anyway when i asked again i was ignored burger was small and overcooked raw bar was  than max fish .
been there 3 times all meat served in beef or bison your choice i love the burgers one day ill try a steak but the bison burgers are so darn good perfect atmosphere for downtown eating and the bar is a cool spot to hang too .
service at the bar is consistently terrible .
great atmosphere bison is lower fat so i was worried that the filet would be dry asked the waitress about it and she assured me it was not dry yup its dry try the kansas city cut instead i would come back again .
service was good drinks were good food not so much this was based on brunch i would not recommend it for brunch .
wow easy to find cheap parking amazing food wonderful service fancy but not too fancy burgers are incredible the bison meat it was my first time trying it was very tasty julie was very attentive manager came by and made sure everything was good highly recommended .
both my  and i had the chicken shwarma very dry to  i doused it in hot sauce which was essentially franks watered down still not good my  also ordered fries there were like 10 on the plate .
good food decent prices had a group of about 12 people show up unannounced and they took care of us without a problem had a bison ribeye which was pretty tasty .
actually for the small sizes this place is expensive and presentation of the dish was not good at all quite disappointing will not go back .
we eat at teds whenever we can you cant say enough good things about teds everything is made from scratch and the beer selection is great .
just eh really .
my go to spot for soup to go at lunch as i work directly nearby friendly staff great quality of soups nice decor having had teds before a few times for dinner i can confirm most entrées are top notch .
bad bad bad i live 10 mins away the food was cold i ask for no salt on my fries n the put salt away the bread was hard wtf never ordering from them again .
we had a business meeting at lunch wednesday staff and management help  us doing 2 different  all while serving excellent food the bison pot roast is tender and flavorful i will definitely be back .
save your money place was horrible noisy as well slow service with an attitude the waitress must have called my friend and i honey 6 times horrible place and people doesnt get much worse than this .
just had the best bison steak with broccoli asparagus and baked sweet potato sides the service was excellent this might be my new favorite restaurant .
it had shut down for about 6 months and is not the same i miss those breadsticks .
great pizza great prices and great people wonderful pizza combinations and now with the gluten free pizza options it is perfect for the whole family mmm .
my order came way after a lot of people who came after me the food was not tasty at all where are all the high reviews from disappointed .
a childhood favorite love the pizza huge slices best pasta around just in general great food and great service .
lifelong  these dumplings are horrible thick and soggy dumpling with tasteless fillings thats why theyre 2 00 leave this for the hipsters and the tourists really gross .
cant say i had much else besides the pizza but its delicious huge slices absolutely love the pepperoni .
theres no way it can compare to prosperity dumpling on the other end of the street no taste at all .
awesome food great price the penne chicken vodka rocks along with the chicken wings yummy .
i work in the area for that last 9 years their sesame pancakes are the best the services here suck they are very rude sad .
gotta love the extra large slices they have you can also buy the 22 jumbo pie its a great deal the only thing is that my husband is  when he picks up the jumbo pie since the box is extra large he feels like a  lol .
hold on to your receipt cause if you dont have it they will hold your food  mediocre dumplings and noodle soup but cheap you get what you pay for the redeeming thing is that the sesame pancake is amazing otherwise dont waste your time on this place .
went for lunch today and got the lunch special 6 50 for salad bread entree and a drink is a great deal its even  on saturday we have also had the brick oven pizza also good the pizza slices of regular pizza are the biggest around .
now they have four dumplings for 1 25 how is this goin on they are clearly  people off .
what else can i say great food always and great service .
2 stars for being cheap otherwise better off anywhere else in the city .
the best steak sandwich i have had in a long time .
slow and  staff i ordered dumplings and at took 15 minutes go down the street someplace more authentic .
what an amazing place i have to say from the moment i walked through the door i was treated like a king the service was phenomenal and the food was  very great place to eat if youre looking for mom and pop food .
it is cheap but food rating were poor it is not my cup of tea sorry .
best customer experience hands down calamari was yum the  plate was out of this world salad was delicious with just the right amount of dressing fried banana was scrumptious will be back again when i return to newark for business .
i dont understand the hype ive had much much better dumplings i guess if you dont want to make the hike to chinatown you could settle for vanessas but vanessas got nothing on prosperity .
delivery is fast food is great staff is friendly and portions are plentiful i really cant say anything bad about this spot .
noodles lack flavor dumplings are ok cheap food but youre getting what you pay for service is also rather rude not much seating available in the establishment .
the service was excellent very friendly charming small atmosphere and the food was well prepared very tasty additionally the price was quite reasonable .
you get what you pay for the dumpling skin is too thick little flavor and they dont seem interested in serving you if you dont speak the language .
everything tastes like something your grandmother might make if your grandma was an old portuguese lady amazing all around the staff is passionate about their food and they are happy talk you through every dish byob with a liquor store across the street  .
very very cheap dumplings but it was dry the filling was paltry and the dumplings were stuck to each other this is a good place is youre truly hungry an dont mind paltry dumplings but i wouldnt go back here unless i really needed to .
this is the best portuguese cuisine i have ever had be ready you leave as family the food is perfectly crafted perfect for a family or a date authentic beyond belief .
yeah so its cheap and thats why you sacrifice in quality and taste the dumplings mediocre and the sesame whatever also eh .
great place great place and very nice owners just ask what they are serving that day and you will not regret it .
1 so flavorless am i seriously the only person who thinks this 2 dumplings all taste the same whether you get this or that 3 the skin is hella doughy and thick 4 go to prosperity dumpling .
this place is adorable it has great great fish amazing platanos and the owner served us and was  friendly i highly recommend this place cozy authentic and delicious .
worst dumplings ever .
it is an amazing restaurant the food is delicious and i also recommend everybody to go there .
the only thing good about this place is that its cheap dumplings have the  skin with flavorless unidentifiable stuff inside vegetables are bland and duck pancake sandwich wasnt filled with duck but rather duck fat plus its crowded and the people who work there are totally rude .
another great meal at   ive been all around newark for  food and this place is the best ive ever had .
rating scale from lower score a to higher score  food taste na must not eat in here interior design a clearing a service aa price tasted on  11 2012 .
the best roasted veal that i ever had and im greek but the food is as good as the  greek cuisine try it and you will understand .
this place is disgusting i saw roaches in the kitchen right before i was about to order i walked out .
grilled squid is great great reasonably priced portuguese and brazilian food very friendly nice waitress the menu has a mixture of portuguese and brazilian items .
wow 4stars this place is horrendous skin is way too thick walk over to prosperity and see what a real dumpling should taste like .
this the best restaurant ive visited in newark the ironbound the quality of the food is excellent affordable and with a very good selection of brazilian and portuguese flavors the service is very friendly they welcome you and makes you feel like home i highly recommend this place .
cheap but not delicious not terrible just not flavorful come here if youre in the neighborhood starving low on cash and just want to feel full .
this guys are the best every single aspect great food for the very nice people attending great delivery service there are simply awesome .
pork sandwiches is recommended price saved me from giving it a 1 star it was way to greasy for me i had to drench it in  sauce which totally killed the actual flavor .
this place never disappoints delicious homemade food at a reasonable price much cheaper than surrounding restaurants better quality than many places in the ironbound delivery is very quick too but i only live a few blocks away the service is also excellent highly recommended .
the cashier was rude and unfriendly my  pancake was dry and fatty place is dingy and hardly has enough seats dumpling are ok but i prefer prosperity d .
the best thai in the hood i ordered drunk man noodle last night was spectacular and spicy also vegetable puff was so yum delivery was so fast as you would think all in all this is the best thai place is ues cant wait to order again .
had the pancake it was okay one more star but thats it .
good food with large portions every time lunch is around 9 which is solid for the area barely a counter and overall cramped space but quick service never waited more than 510 minutes for lunch and really nice people .
i was very disappointed by this place the dumplings were just ordinary and even though they said that they close at 11 they were trying to get us to leave by 1015 .
great lunch special ordered online for a large group at work prompt delivery they got the order correct for a large group and the food was delicious will definitely be ordering again .
nice ambience and super friendly staff the food didnt have the kick or spice were used to but overall presentation and service was great  was awesome .
super fast super tasty and super consistant im so glad we found this place for delivery the noodles are great and the sauces really flavorful my favorite dish is the drunken noodles but i have yet to be disappointed .
if you want mexican food go to south philly if you want overpriced hipster tacos with some nice decorations go here they were quite tolerant of the large group i was with though .
i found this place around 8 months ago and i love the value i always get the same thing and i always get the take out get the peanut curry lunch special with spring rolls it is really tasty and only cost a little bit more than 8 .
i dont get it i mean reading these reviews makes me feel like tom hanks adult character in big when all the adult  makers are in awe of an overly simplistic unimaginative  that can  into a robot i dont get excellent service .
i order delivery only love the crispy sesame tofu and chicken with peanut curry sauce plus they have a yummy oreo cake for dessert only problem is that they close on the early side 1000 on saturdays .
very disappointed what more can i say cheap sugary low class drinks tried atleast 4 but does have great fish tacos .
wellpriced good portions tasty tofu the pad se ew was quite tasty ordered seamless delivery was prompt .
food is very good but service is so rushed that it is impossible to enjoy it no time between courses very noisy and not a good place for conversation intrusive waitstaff i will not be returning .
a perfect place for pick up orders i had chicken pad thai and it was delicious i would definitely visit there next time .
this place was average at best and the price was a lot more than it was worth overall i would meet a friend there for a drink or something but im not  at the bit to go back .
we had grilled pork chops beef fried rice with a lot of beef shrimp fritters and thai spare ribs all of the dishes was great i be trying some other dishes soon a nice addition to the neighborhood something different .
not for vegetarians their veggie burger a black bean burger tasted like a meat patty with black beans under it i havent eaten meat in 5 years and the taste of the patty still makes me nauseous .
atmosphere was definitely american retro and the food was amazing i had the chicken sandwich with tater tots awesome four of us had lunch and a drink for 60 waitress was great as well next time we go to the daily show this is a definite stop .
seriously i want my money back the pizza we were served was warm taste like soggy flat bread with warm cheese and ingredients tables were on top of each other felt rush  i had better 99 cents pizza .
there will be a line but its worth it always fresh and amazingly tasty get your preferred variety of shack burger and  fries also try the amazing  the local variety  i think is fantastic as is the american retro thats available one day a week .
greasy flavorless pizza it is food though go to frannys if you want to get good neapolitan style pizza .
the pizza and chili cheese tots are life the retro burger is also quite amazing only issue is this place is really far from everything else .
pretty soggy pizza so so not bad but then when is pizza .
good place to stop for a totally affordable meal before a show at terminal 5 great tots seriously eat the tater tots .
really good pizza and fresh ingredients and pairings but  took over priced for the size which is an 11 inch pie we measured it .
awesome  food at great prices the burger with the chipotle mayo is delicious great place to order from if you want some comfort food or are having some people over and dont want to cook wings and such yourself delivery is usually very quick as well .
cashier doesnt speak english unless youre portuguese expect 2nd class treatment from waiters especially the guys most waitresses have good customer service though food is great but service not so much .
love this place love the food love the atmosphere the bartender is always a gracious host and sometimes even gives us stuff on the house we always frequent this place for birthday events and it always turns out great its definitely a trek but worth it .
y say open 247 n u r really closed im searching and hungry finding nothing .
good spot good prices great service .
overrated the bun is twice the size of the burger patty which was slightly dry and overcooked took over 25 mins to get order for takeout definitely not worth the price .
nice somewhat divey bar with some good solid beers on tap loads of character not one of those nyc places that tried to buy their way into coolness .
some of the worse bbq ever had pulled pork was so dry and tough like eating a shoe will not be back .
the retro burger is yum the booze is good and you get buy backs .
terrible microwaved ribs and chicken pictures of fire everywhere but the food had never seen a flame  .
its in my neighborhood practically across the street good beer fun  great food tvs for your  pleasure what more could a girl ask for .
the chickens not bad but the service sucks a large mash potatoes is only 34 full they dont take amex they talk about you in spanish if they  your order in front of you btw and lets you wait for the wings without telling you .
very cool place good food n drinks tots were awesome .
rotten child of the vetri family .
buffalo tater tots holy crap awesome .
after reading all the lovely reviews i booked a reservation here while i was visiting philly for the wknd i was not impressed food was standard unimaginative italian fare service was  and far too snooty for the kind of place this is billed for .
if you like tater tots that much then you must go here they make tots any which way here including disco tots .
rude condescending waitress worst service ever tiny portions and no tap water is that even legal .
im blatantly giving this hells kitchen mediocre sports bar 5 stars for one reason only they have taylor ham sliders anyone from new jersey will understand .
loooove the artichoke i wish i could bath in that sauce unfortunately the rest of our meal was pretty blah but those artichoke .
nice regular bar with good service and atmosphere not pretentious not touristy not hipster not what i was expecting midtown the retro burger on english muffin had a nice juicy  of meat and was excellent open to 4am .
meh is right i was excited for this place because of the great reviews but it did not impress me they only had 1 or 2 dishes under 20 and they were tiny and not a real meal way too expensive for not enough food .
grab a drink before the daily show or  report or really any time nice bar tenders good food strong drinks could you ask for more .
bistro total letdown ordered medium rare burger and steak came completely raw while the girl on the phone was totally pleasant she offered no sort of  for our  00 delivery meal .
solid food good service nice addition to hells kitchen .
i was looking forward to trying this place but left disappointed mushroom app was too salty while the fish of the day bland and full of bones .
tater tots happy hour waiting for the daily show awesome would never go out of my way to get there but was very pleasantly surprised amazing tater tots with chipotle mayo for serious .
gave them a chance again recently regret it this place has the potential to be good if they dont mess up orders dont deliver a sandwich that is squished and flattened i get the impression that they dont pride themselves in their food .
if you are heading to a show at terminal 5 this is place is a no brainer before and after the show happy hour until 7 pm and after the show cheap drinks and kitchen open until 2 am .
the pizza was good but the panini was awful its made on pizza dough which would be fine but the dough has obviously been frozen and was even stale and at least press it like a panini too many good places around to settle here go elsewhere .
awesome love this places pork chops everyone should ask for   give him a kiss for me .
why can i order online from champs  on grubhub and not the real deal champs it is 2013 lets experience online ordering together champs .
the service is excellent as always very customer service friendly .
lots of attractive people wait an hour or more to eat brunch here but i dont know why the food is pretty bad they get you in and out quickly at least .
nice bar a bit on the divey side but fun really good food at decent prices staff are very friendly and on top of the tables they work free refills on soda always a  .
i wish i did not get a hair in my food here yesterday because this used to be one of my favorite places .
beautiful crowd great prices on drinks friday night with karaoke by  i love the dick .
wish they baked bread got a boring cookie twice whole thing seems pretty unnecessary .
this is the kinda place where you get so  up that you end up down the street face down in the mud w your pants around your  covered in vomit five stars worthy of  .
the food is really good but the service pretty bad maybe they just had a bad day but i wont risk going back again .
if you cant get in the door for brunch itll be worth it i would give it more stars if i could plus the bartender sasha was absolutely delightful she should get a raise .
had a  brunch here today several menu items were already unavailable even though we arrived at 1130 am a friend ordered the quiche and it was liquid and inedible and it was hotter inside than the pleasant weather outside disappointing all around .
wow so good  took my girlfriend here and she liked it and shes super picky win win .
i know its williamsburg i know things are expensive but 6 for a  of lentil soup still just seems wrong the soup was ok but the price left a bad taste in my mouth hard to enjoy your lunch when you feel youre being ripped off .
amazing chicken and waffles nice cozy atmosphere but its a little too noisy to hear the person next to you .
this place couldnt accomodate my dietary  by making cous cous or rice without butter so i left vegans and  beware .
atmosphere was nice service was great food was awesome we had oysters french fries cornbread fried chicken and waffles all delicious .
dirty drunk owner warm beer empty bar rude bartenders head next door to pier  or 120 bay cafe for a cleaner and better experience .
they played 50 cent  during brunch need i say more .
i disagree that this is a best kept secret i came here with my  sister and her family and they mixed up my order with her brothers well  of the burger and the fries were nasty if you want a burger go to a steakhouse .
came here on a whim for dinner so happy we did fried chicken steak pecan sundae and panna cotta were all ridiculously good great ambiance too .
we were disappointed in the food here the sauces were pretty bland everything was extra greasy i agree with another review that this was food in a pinch but better off going elsewhere for a decent meal .
the food was delicious the portions are large and the sides have a great variety outdoor seating for your  attentive staff and moderate prices .
this is not a great buffet place for the price the selections were limited the food was not very fresh .
loved brunch here i recommend the eggs florentine not sure that it is always worth the crazy wait time though we waited 45 minutes for 2 people on a saturday   come just when they open or during off hours .
extremely poor service we looked at the menu were rushed by the waitress and then basically ignored when we were ready .
hot  with honey and crunchy salt with every meal need i say more always good food here and a good time theyve been able to keep their quality up over the years which is nice .
if you like the fk you attitude go there enjoy this place treats customers as if they are doing you a favor to let you in and serve you if you like being the  go food is just ok mostly one time visitors tourist .
i absolutely loved this place for brunch i had the pork chop and waffles it was awesome as were the eggs that i  from bffs plate only downside was the lack of a kids menu  i plan to return often .
dont get the hype the corn was good but its not worth waiting 30 minutes for a lukewarm mound of rice and  of refried beans .
we all agreed our food was excellent i had the friend pork chop with a cheese waffle the pork chop was more like  from pork with a great breaded crust and was delicious the cheese waffle was also delicious overall i recommend this restaurant highly .
i had been craving their food especially the corn but was rewarded with a 20 gratuity on a table for two do they do this to all their european diners .
sweet atmosphere great selection tasty good price is right not much else i can say about this place didnt wait long although it was busy got the buttermilk pancakes with smoked bacon and scrambled eggs .
this place is trash i would get better service in a dumpster the food is disgusting the place is cramped the bitch who served us was the rudest bitch i ever met .
overall very nice experience food drinks and deserts were all good our server was great as well .
so rude not even busy but the hostess sat a bunch of people that came in after us because she had something stuck up her ass prepare to wait and not be served .
get here right when they open or before great breakfast and lunch foods different types of bloody marys .
terrible overrated food overpriced cheap small portions tiny crowded space people of normal weight and size wont be comfortable sitting in this space they dont even offer free chips and salsa do not go out of your way to go to this terrible place .
omg their chicken and waffles is ridiculously delicious likely the best fried chicken ive ever tasted .
the food is overrated except for the corn the corn is good hostess was a b not cool .
i love everything about this restaurant their menu is simple but   their food is amazing im a huge fan of their mussels and their brunch the service is always attentive and their cocktails are great .
this place is whack under seasoned food i had the roast pork it was too wet and the rice was mushy aint nobody got time for that i know good food and this was not it drinks were ok but nothing that would make me want to return .
been here for dinner and for brunch yet to be disappointed food is always very well seasoned and flavorful without being overwhelming by far the best chicken and waffles ive ever had hands down but all else is also delicious pecan pie sundae a must .
worst place and rudest place u will eat in nyc go somewhere anywhere better not even worth one star .
excellent it may be the best eggs benedict in ny loved it on a home style biscuit three types of bloody marys so delicious we got a side of the cheddar waffle didnt really taste the cheddar so i wouldnt recommend .
not sure what all the fuss is about corn is great but quesadilla and burger nothing extraordinary guacamole lacking heat big time overall this place for me is not worth the wait i prefer la esquina by mile .
service was awesome my steak was good green sauce on it was rare yet i dont see where the name butter milk is from buttermilk chicken my friend ordered wasnt milky at all .
worst service ever prices are reasonable for the area and the food is good service at this place just puts it on my banned restaurant list .
i really enjoyed our family brunch here this past weekend the environment was relaxed yet  the food was hearty and well prepared the service was friendly this is definitely now the go to spot for weekend brunch i look forward to trying out dinner here as well .
terrible line how  you make   wait shes a princess no one makes her wait .
their bbq oysters were bomb their fried chicken is mediocre and cannot compare with pies n thighs atmosphere is chill and they have a nice restroom .
disappointing everything we had was tasteless and the corn was mediocre at best i dont know what all the  about pretty lame .
chicken and waffles nothing more need be said first cornbread ive allowed myself to eat north of the  and i was not disappointed always a decent sized crowd but the wait time is very reasonable great cocktails and great service a must try .
this place is overrated the food isnt worth the hour plus wait i have to say the corn is amazing i recommend ordering it to go from the side cafe on elizabeth save time and money .
monday night prix fixe choice of appetizer main dessert 25 but monday the special is their amazing fried chicken and waffles and you can finish with a pecan pie sundae its usually packed so get there early .
the place is small but has a relaxed atmosphere the wait was about 1 hour to seat 3 of us place is small just try the grilled corn you dont have to wait to be seated just order it and go youre not missing out on anything else .
it seems chicken and waffle joints are popping up all over brooklyn these days none of then come close to buttermilk channel the chicken is expertly seasoned paired with a cheddar waffle and balsamic sauce that is  you will be dreaming about this chicken for days .
disappointing not cuban bad service .
theres usually a wait but its worth it if you dont have a large party try your luck at the bar for an open spot .
my friend got food poisoning here last week yuck not only is this place not worth the price or the overcrowding but now you have to risk getting sick here .
i have been there twice and the food is really good i love the neighborhood too and if your lucky you can seat outside and enjoying the sun i loved the pancakes there so  and the service is nice too so place to go .
awful cuban sandwich the service is friendly enough and its in a great location i guess stick to the corn on the cob .
went on a sunday afternoon for brunch place was packed inside but the weather was nice so we didnt mind the outside seating waitress was very nice and attentive as well as helpful i ordered the waffles and porkchop awesome mimosas were mimosas definitely would come back .
what a disappointment skinny dry waffle with some  fruit on top little cup with coffee and a waitress that could not be bothered to refill it .
their brunch is really one of the best things about living in this neighborhood yes you have to wait that said i think they do a good job of managing the crowd the bloody mary with the oyster on top and that pork chop good lord .
below average food i dont think its worth the wait and i wouldnt go back i had a chicken dish and corn im not a big fan of the corn its so drenched in mayo youre pretty much eating corn flavored mayo .
the service was excellent the atmosphere as well i had the duck meatloaf and it was great no one in my party had a complaint about the food i will definitely be back when i am in the neighborhood .
perhaps its due to my lack of  but i was not  with cafe habana not terrible but definitely not great mexican .
this place is adorable and the food is awesome believe the hype i had the homemade pickles as a starter and the fried chicken best fried chicken that ive ever had by far do it .
the quality has gone down and ive gotten sick from the food .
brunch is always fantastic eating at the bar is first come first served .
got the avocado and cheese burrito flavorless horchata grainy overall i just blew 11 maybe i should have bought groceries instead of wasting my money on bad food .
always great food great service and long lines .
ive since had real  at the red hook ball fields it was about 1  better than this place and cheaper fuck cafe habana .
perfection .
this place is terrible the yellow rice in the vegetarian burrito actually has chicken stock in it when i tried substitute it with white rice i was give a serious attitude and informed that the chef would not allow it so much for a green  .
went here last night with a couple of new  we loved it really relaxed atmosphere but still popping i started with the cauliflower soup and ordered the pork breaded and waffles if you have not tried this place yet you are missing out .
nothing special on the food too many people i dont get why this place is so popular even though i live in neighborhood i dont come here anymore i just get corn sometimes the food  east mexican  food is much way better .
had a good evening out with my best friend and daughter we chose the chicken and waffles which tasted great my waitress was such a nice lady she was very welcoming and warm cant wait to go back for brunch .
i hated this place it was pumped up way too hard and when i got there the food was not that good service was slow also id rather get some sushi at  .
another great brooklyn restaurant all the quality and atmosphere without the steep prices and  competition to get a table the lamb salad was great could have had a little more lamb however but the friend chicken is really their star will be back for that .
wait staff sucked giving it 2 stars asked for a bloody mary wasnt told they offered a  of signature ones breakfast was just ok .
my partner and i ordered 3 breakfast plates to share between us the portions are very large here the food comes out piping hot and the service is fantastic sit outside for a lovely view would definitely revisit .
ordered steak frites steak was very tough would not order again wife had tuna salad which was great .
food was delicious i had the pecan french toast to die for bacon and cheddar waffles mmmm mmmm good .
done not the place it use to be expensive drinks with well liquor cold food didnt want to send back as my husbands was ok stupid and the prices are way out of control .
the oysters the terrine the fried chicken the mashed potatoes the drinks all were fantastic .
steak is not bad breakfast corn beef is absolutely terrible service is hit or miss and so is the food upstairs space offers nice and unusual for downtown view of church st .
buttermilk channel offers a consistent staple based brunch menu to eager  theres usually a 60 min wait for weekend brunch service here is prompt and friendly but not overbearing buttermilk channel is definitely worth your time if you have dont mind waiting for a table .
nice place but for the price of the cocktails they really could have been better dont know about the food .
delicious fried chicken for dinner dont skip the biscuits duck meatloaf was good brunch was amazing fried pork and cheddar waffle the scrambles are simple but they must do something magical to those eggs .
would also echo that service was not great waiter told table near ours about specials but failed to tell us .
awesome brunch place food is very very well prepared service is great but the wait sucks cant really blame them considering so many people want to eat there cheddar waffles were amazing i would def come back here yum .
worst pizza ever i would make pizza yourself before ordering from here i wouldnt be  if it was once frozen i dont know what else to say besides that the food is just really horrible .
this is possibly my shortest review ever but not much else needs to be said delicious food refreshing drinks fantastic service awesome ambiance great for dates or family brunch worth the trip to carroll gardens the pork chop cheddar waffle was heavenly .
i got 2 slices of cheese pizza and a soda the pizza was awful was bland and looked like something youd get from the freezer section of your local supermarket .
good fried chicken .
ginos is okay they are very convenient i will say the delivery is fast and its reasonably priced as for the food mediocre the pizza is good enough if you need delivery but not great ginos is decent and convenient but nothing special .
all i have to say is chicken and waffles .
i went here tuesday for lunch but i left  why because they ran out of pizza at 2 in the afternoon .
yea its that good make sure you save some room for a jelly doughnut yum .
pizza is below average crust is soggy and toppings do not taste fresh my search for a local pizza joint will continue .
the brunch here is fantastic great pancakes great coffee great biscuits really havent had anything on the menu i wouldnt recommend .
unfortunately im giving up on this place pizza is still alright was never great but phone ordering has become a joke and in the last 5 or 6 times ordering from there if it wasnt pizza it was mostly garbage wraps are the worst .
the most incredible fried chicken ever the sliced pickles and cheese waffles are great compliments and friendly service too .
fool me once shame on you fool me twice you get two stars on yelp gave the sicilian pie a try again after forgetting how gross it was a few years ago damn shoulda stuck to the oily goodness of la pizza instead .
delicious friendly service in a great environment .
the food was crappy the service was crappy why on earth did the historic wethersfield website recommend this place do they hate tourists that much .
maybe the best pancakes ive ever had and an excellent hostess with a very accurate estimate of waiting time short rib hash a bit greasy and fatty no  grill here but excellent meal overall .
i ordered the tom ka soup on friday the chicken was still raw i sent it back they took it off the check but either way it shows  check your food before you eat it .
nothing not to like options for everybody try the pork chops and waffles .
good food terrible service some of these people are so rude especially the older woman hostess i will take my business elsewhere .
pretty great place across the board i basically  five stars to places that ace the appetizer entree dessert drinks service and decor categories and this place did it for me on my visit nice reason to go to gowanus .
good food horrible and rude service so i will give a 2 very rude that i do not want to go back .
fav new brunch spot the pancakes are delish and so fluffy .
worst pad thai and thai fried rice such basic dishes what a shame .
the buttermilk fried chicken and french toast are the best love the food and the staff are very accommodating .
the food was decent service was mediocre .
every time ive eaten here ive been so so happy the food is amazing and the staff is the best truly the nicest people so veg friendly too and pretty the restaurant is beautiful and the bathrooms are very sweet .
the only good thing about ninos is their pizza their pasta dishes range from passable to disgusting they do get the orders up quick so they do in a pinch .
buttermilk channel i cannot express how deeply felt my love is for you and your beautiful fried chicken and waffles i want to eat them all day everyday for the rest of my life thank you thank you .
a fantastic dining experience if you enjoy pubic hair and the chemical smell of  alcohol in your food i just tried the  chicken sandwich and was lucky enough to experience both of those things .
great for a brunch date i love the pork chop with cheddar waffles yum get there early cause it gets packed quick .
decent food but the kitchen was  clearly a problem as the waitstaff was  at the pass through and nothing was coming out for ages the waitstaff was excellent in keeping the patrons patient .
a must go for sunday brunch get there early theres always a line dinner is just as exceptional my go too venue and never fails to disappoint .
we arrived on sunday just 5 minute before they closed their kitchen for the afternoon technically speaking they could have still served us and they were extremely rude about i do not recommend this place further the place was empty which  me even more .
go and go often the entire menu is delicious nothing more to be said no i lied get there before the  rush if you dont want to wait too long .
had only half of the breakfast items that were from the yelp pics no eggs benedict no chicken and waffles not what i was expecting .
unpretentious and incredible everything ive ever had here is on par with the best food ive had in my life the fried chicken and waffles of course are signature and the cocktails are exceptional too .
waited 50 minutes for brunch then sat ipad   was nice ordered the pulled pork benedict the benedict arrived the same temperature as the salad tasted ok nothing special not worth the wait imo .
i  buttermilk channel on wednesday and by friday i had 15 take out orders of fried chicken and waffles for my birthday party it was delicious and buttermilk channel was awesome to work with thanks .
after shopping for bridal  my daughter and i had lunch here the wine was excellent the food was just ok i had better i had the lamb burger and my daughter had the  burger will i visit again no .
had brunch here on a sunday the food was really good i had scrambles with mushroom spinach and goat cheese with a side of bacon .
food is good service is abysmal mussels used to be great now they are flavorless pizza is still good i truly felt like i was disturbing the bartender by asking for anything the    was offensive .
quality is unparalleled and service is beyond exceptional quite simply i love this place and i love it even more when their monday menu doesnt break the bank .
poor service aggressively priced drinks didnt try the food though the pizza looked good .
delicious food great service lovely hostess thank you for a great brunch .
just went to in riva in east falls  cant compete with them in riva has amazing pizza in a great atmosphere with outdoor seating .
i dream about this dessert would love the recipe so unbelievably delicious .
this place felt like a bunch of processed food from the supermarket had been presented with creativity on my plate the taste was not very impressive quite mundane actually .
delicious .
service was good manager was rude and disorganized about reservations and food order fried oysters fish with soba noodles and scallops were ok my companion had a fly in her drink they didnt even comp her drink my companion ended up with food poisoning from eating her food .
could not stop eating the fried chicken delicious .
boston creme had no creme i hope i just got a bad batch .
i went there a while ago food was tasty and well thought out a lotta buttery rich food delicious .
ok so in a  i stopped here for a quick  before an  holy crap worst  experience of my  it was milk the poor gal being the contest was less than apologetic n doesnt drink coffee so i couldnt blame her ignorance .
holy my fried chicken the skin is perfect and crisp while the meat is tender and juicy great service great cocktails be ready for a serious wait .
eh could have been better but its a nice location and set up the cupcakes were pretty bland i got 10 varieties and was ate them im sure i will give them another shot another time .
i love everything about this place went for brunch and it knocked my socks off the pecan caramel sweet roll is not to be missed the  benedict was superb just really loved it .
its ok not the best cupcakes but its in an easy to access location probably wouldnt come back unless it was on my way somewhere and i was really  on the really desperate for a cupcake .
the french toast is heavenly i took away one star because the wait time for a table was over an hour long .
was pretty disappointed the sushi was not fresh and still somewhat frozen ramen was ok but definitely had much better .
very delicious i had the apple and cheddar grilled cheese which was fantastic we also shared the almonds which were to die for service was great also very friendly and accommodating definitely will go back .
ordered the broiled salmon which is served over quinoa and spinach unfortunately the spinach was  with sand the salmon was overdone this place was a favorite but apparently it changed management ownership a while back dont think ill return .
this was definitely worth the trip from manhattan i have a ridiculous number of allergies so i played mix and match with the omelet ingredients which they were more than happy to  on oh and cheap brunch  can hate a brunch with  of bellinis .
fancy place nice loungy vibe i went there after seeing all the rave reviews on yelp one word msg will not go back to a place that still uses such cheap trick to make food tasty .
delicious fried chicken and mash great service .
um who in nyc charges extra for eggs pork veg etc oh its  i dont think im going to return to a place that taste like  noodles and charges top dollar plus charges extra for  .
tasty brunch fine service nice crowd .
nothing phenomenal here folks .
pecan pie french toast is heaven in your mouth the scrambled egg with  cheese wasnt amazing but not bad servicewise my two visits to this brunch spot have been excellent the ambience is cozy and comforting and the staff friendly and attentive .
not even close to ippudo totto or  what a shame doesnt seem to be stellar ramen in tribeca also took 30 minutes to serve and i was the only one in the restaurant whats up with that .
i had an excellent meal here recently when going out for my birthday the space is bright and inviting and they offer two menus their usual and vegetarian everything that came to our table looked beautiful and tasted great im excited to go again in the future .
what a rip off 4 shrimp for 12 are you kidding me instead of 3 buns they bring out 2 now  was good service was also good i will never go again though .
aside from the food being pretty perfect the staff were fabulous helpful and fun learned of a new great drink an aperol  its aperol and champagne just yummy cant wait to go back .
i had much higher hopes the food was underwhelming and bland even the sautéed onions lacked flavor the best tasting part of the meal was the packaged potato chips i wish i could leave a better review the staff was pleasant enough but seemed a bit apathetic .
lovely great for brunch and dinner long line for brunch put your name in and go for a walk .
disappointing do not go here for breakfast very limited choices they have dropped corned beef hash and home fries from the menu instead all they serve are french fries clearly they have snubbed the breakfast crowd i will not return .
3 words simply the best the chef is amazing the staff is awesome im in heaven anytime im there will be there agin for the 4th time i cant help it .
this place is seriously overrated the little stuff was not bad pickles slaw the  we outright lousy though the pastrami meat quality was terrible tough and grissley the prices are sky high especially for what you get service was slow and arrogant skip this place .
this is my alltime local favorite my go to place in the neighborhood food is outstanding innovative always a great new special dish to try great beer on tap good wine list my favorite dish is the duck meatloaf followed by the pecan pie sundae for dessert .
food looks great but ive been standing here waiting 30 freakin mins for a sandwich i seriously think my head might explode if i hadnt already paid id be long gone by now .
great fried chicken great duck meatloaf great drinks great atmosphere voted best by the table was the mustard glazed grilled bacon appetizer .
for connecticut its good thats not saying much at all meh is exactly the right term .
what can i say excellent staff well worth the bike ride for brunch just try the amazing salmon scramble .
my pasta with chicken in scampi sauce was delicious but the burger i took to go i asked for medium well and i got a raw burger when my mother opened and bit into it i hope she doesnt get sick burgers are a no at this restaurant .
pancakes mimosas .
inconsistent food terrible service kitchen lacks attention to details never returning to this location .
the  was truly amazing fresh affordable oysters were simply divine great little spot for a good price cheers .
the food here is mediocre and not worth the wait time the only reason i would return is for the cheesecakes they have a huge selection try the  de leche cheesecake its not overly sweet and you can really taste the caramel .
great food great service .
wanted to try it boring corporate food .
the brunch at buttermilk is so yummy no wonder its almost impossible to get at table here yes we are big fans of it management and ownership are awesome kind friendly warm super nice people they do really care and have appreciation for their customers we loved it .
this place is very overrated and not worth the long wait their cheesecake is very good whoop de  it isnt worth waiting two hours for .
go on monday get fried chicken that is all .
the customer service was really bad i would not go back there again i had a two hour wait .
i had the hash and a short stack of pancakes delish .
so overrated there is always a wait staff are ok at best i got sick from a chicken sandwich here so i avoid this place .
this place is da bomb long wait but well worth it .
you people are all crazy this is an over rated diner with good cheesecake everything is over salted everyone thinks it good because they have good ideas for dishes and they give you huge portions but quality means everything but honestly there is nothing worth going here for .
i come here for the fried chicken and for dessert the pecan pie i thought i was in heaven .
food is okay drinks are horrible almost no alcohol had to order an extra shot on the side for every drink i got horrible waitress i had took around 20 minutes to bring my friend water its a nice family environment i guess ehhh .
waited an hour on sunday to get a seat but the fried pork chop cheddar waffles were to die for service was good waitress was nice space is small but thats expected mimosa was complementary very nice sunday brunch spot .
server was great  bread delicious but disappointed in everything else  alert none of the food is fresh except three of the deserts it is all brought in and frozen seriously .
 but this place is the tastiest awesome and simple dinner menu done up right toasted brioche with honey when you sit down and pretty bangin coffee a nice place for a date with someone who is adorable .
food is not bad but nothing exceptional for this area do not ever order online they have it in their website but every time i try it they say 20 minutes and take 4045 not worth that hassle .
took my boyfriend here for his birthday the fried chicken was awesome and amazing the service wasnt as good plus we went right at busy dinner time and it was reeeeeally loud but the food was so good id totally go back .
decent if youre into  food everything was covered in an insane amount of cheese and  is mediocre at best much better restaurants nearby .
consistently good food at good prices brunch is usually crowded and there are no reservations but overall its worth it salmon scramble is delish pecan pie french toast great as long as you like very sweet stuff .
ive had much better the pasta dish i had was dry and overdone open a can of  and you will have something better .
good times great food amazing staff if they have the orange wine from  project give it a go .
worse dinner i have ever had sauce was like a weak tomato soup no flavor at all muscles full of sand would not recommend at all .
great restaurant lobster pot pie duck meat loaf chicken and waffles here are all amazing but the best dish is the free dish the pop overs are outrageous here i can eat those all day .
service was awful food took forever and arrived cold hostess was extremely rude dont go if you want a pleasant experience .
love it fried chicken and waffles is insane the service is supper helpful no reservation for parties less than 5 makes it harder to plan but truthfully its a great place to go as a group round them up and head over .
chicken parm was pretty good restaurant has a  feel to it .
brunch was delicious and i love that a mimosa or bubbly comes with your meal the bar was packed even at 2pm on a saturday but the bartender made his sporadic attention up to us by buying us a drink .
had dinner with a large group of people for a work thing not bad probably would not go back unless im looking for a lunch spot in this area .
great food and relaxing atmosphere went for brunch and had an amazing pork chop and cheese waffles the bacon and almond appetizer excellent i want to try the fried chicken which i hear is the best thing on the menu .
had pepperoni slices and they were  greasy would not recommend or return to this location .
went there for a brunch and had warm lamb romaine salad was excellent cant wait to go again and try more .
had a broccoli rabe and sausage slice asked for it well done and it came out a mushy mess you need to listen to your customers .
solid food solid service nice atmosphere burger was killer hush puppies and almonds are great bar snacks all the cocktails and drinks were right on the money .
the place is not very clean .
manhattan prices brooklyn attire the pre dinner bread is delicious .
nothing special ive seen it pretty packed on friday and sat nights mostly locals .
im a fan im so happy that this place is in my neighborhood i can always count on it and now they have wine on tap love that my only complaint is that when the top managers arent there the place feels different .
really bad food like dry cardboard i had the pepper steak and fried pork .
great wait staff wine lists speciality foods worth the wait .
sooo its been over an hour still waiting for the delivery man to get here not a happy camper to add we only received 56 shrimp stixs and a small container of tzatziki for a platter meant for  huge fail on their part .
great local food and for 10 in new york the brunch cannot be beat includes a fresh squeezed oj mimosa or bellini but no alcohol before noon on sun word to the wise great friendly service really exceptionally friendly and beef hash was amazing .
food is good service is bad sweating while eating until we could finally flag one of the 5 waitresses to turn on a fan it must be hard for 5 servers to take care of 8 tables .
the prefix monday menu is well worth the  comfort food at its best .
 im from mediterranea and this place is no  crappy hummus in plastic cup questionable cuts o meat yes ill keep  but dont go here this doesnt represent my homeland ill take you somewhere nice .
good food not cheap gets really really loud note dont get seated all the way in the back specially lousy next to the  to the kitchen .
thanx but no thanx tried several times to like it but was always disappointed open late good coffees and beers but the food just isnt there .
one of my favorite restaurants in brooklyn the food is always fantastic and the atmosphere is great too often busy but they are very polite and its easy enough to wait for a table at nearby prime meats .
overpriced for the amount and quality of the food you get it should be half of what it costs the chicken stick was tasty but the lamb was way overcooked and low quality will not be returning here .
love the fried chicken and waffles also they have black maple hill bourbon which is nice in addition their oysters are fantastic next im going there for brunch .
when i had lunch here i was very disappointed the food was of very low quality specifically the kebabs and the prices are very high for the low quality food the staff is also not friendly if you sit at the bar .
nice restaurant i went for brunch and fell in love with the pankcakes i had already ordered and eaten the french toast which was ok i tasted my friends pancakes and they were so delicious that i had to order my own i ate every single bite .
its been 2 hours and ive been waiting for this place to deliver the rest of the items that they forgot in my order that i picked up the food is really good but its not worth waiting this long .
great place friendly staff yummy food yummy drinks cant go wrong we had dinner on a weeknight  the holiday season had the pickles oysters both way bacon almonds duck meatloaf trout wrapped in bacon and a  with the pecan sundae happy tummy .
just about the coffee got an iced mocha and it wasnt what i was expecting despite the whip cream they put on top it still tasted a little watery not much flavor staff was nice though .
great staff and beautiful spot the food was wonderful but the portions were a little small .
  stixs too fatty pita bread is not real pita just bread in the shape of pita ambiance weird too loud no character no  of songs .
up a star i had the fried chicken again its a little bready in spots but its super juicy and delish and the mashed potatos are buttery melty goodness maybe eating at 1230 am is the secret .
horrible customer service they care about the coming in whether or not your order is correct they dont care the lady is so bitchy and rude its unbelievable i told her over the phone i wanted delivery and she  said no and hung up .
best fried chicken ever friendly wait staff try chocolate carmel tart with salted peanuts think youre in heaven no  for parties under 6 no waiting for 4 on wed night in  extensive vegetarian menu for nyc reasonable prices .
stopped in for brunch service was very slow food was okay nothing to write home about bathroom was gross other patrons were very rude .
consistently great brunch and a pretty decent dinner if youre trying this restaurant for the first time try the brunch and expect to wait a bit to be seated .
we used to eat here every few weeks takeaway however last time we ordered which was in early 2010 to be fair there was mouse poop in our rice weve never gone back and never will .
wonderful food that was both delicious and creative good ambiance except for too many loud children could have been there too early but it was very loud .
not very friendly or accommodating will not substitute or add any sauces that are different than their menu not impressed there are better italian restaurants .
best meal ive had in brooklyn and probably the entire city fried chicken and waffles a must .
the food was delicious but the service was dissapointing the hostess took 15 minutes to bring the menu to us the waitress seemed annoyed of her job .
the food is delicious the service is excellent and the atmosphere is great i wish they took reservations for parties smaller than 6 but such is life i especially like their vegetarian menu which makes it a great choice for group gatherings .
as youll see from the other reviews the service here is atrocious absolutely terrible food is average and beer list is good but for how many great restaurants are nearby i would not waste your time with the poor staff .
i wont bore you with  like these lovely people order everything but my memorable picks are french toast fried chicken pancakes bacon biscuits scrambles fried  cheddar waffles and the burger the best brunch in brooklyn ftw .
so i typically praise dd a definite go to place for food and drinks the last few years that last few months things have changed service has been shotty brunch specifically they changed the menu and it doesnt seem its for the better .
duck meatloaf heaven .
this place is spitting distance from my house so i go every so often if it wasnt id have no reason to food is ok at best however brunch is awful good beer menu patchy service .
good beer great whiskey cool staff and awesome food what more can you ask for .
the bartender mikey is a total dbag hes also  so not sure where the lousy attitude comes from best to go on a night when he isnt working because the other bartenders all rock great happy hour good music fun people mikey however is the worst .
great staff greeting you as you arrive the best duck meatloaf what i have ever tasted pecan pie sunday i feel like i am back in louisiana delish so glad my  friend decided i must try this one out .
terrible food and service .
just got back from brunch the salmon plate was out of this world update went back the next sunday and they were out of the salmon plate this time so got drunk instead .
worst bloody mary i think ive ever had at least it was only 3 dollars .
delicious scrumptious food eh service recommend the duck meatloaf and bay scallops entrees nice wine list loved the    .
this place was worth going to but then they got rid of the brisket reuben .
i went last night and enjoyed an amazing dinner made of bacon everything was reasonably priced and service was good 1 maple bacon roasted almonds 2  squash tart 3 baconwrapped brook trout 4  pecan pie sundae .
food is hit or miss and a little overpriced for the portions the wait staff is subpar and the management is terrible used to like going here but there are a few bad experiences that have changed my opinion of this place .
a little out of the way unless you live nearby but this place is on point the duck meatloaf was superb .
i have tried to give this place many chances but the food is not good it needs to learn a thing or two from the royal tavern and south philly  beer selection is good but a bit pricey .
went to brunch to celebrate hubbys job situation for brunch it was really quite good pork chop was unbelievably tasty cheese waffles supreme everything was good loved the atmosphere sat at the bar and it was perfect didnt even need a table .
the  is swell i especially like the brick wall s the service had a bit of attitude not sure why the beer selection was extensive especially the  however the food was mediocre to our palates .
just love the brunch here a must do chicken  waffles are delicious .
devils den is a very chill place to go and grab a drink with friends great beer selection bar staff is great and happy hour is solid as for the food eh the hostess was pretty rude so we didnt even bother stay for dinner .
amazing i was wowed by this place i took a friend for her birthday and boy did they impress the staff was super friendly the food was indescribably delicious and the ambiance was impeccable i suggest the cheddar waffles and the bread pudding .
theyre gone  the new place food king or whatever is nowhere near as good .
sat at the bar for some snacks and drinks great cocktails chicken liver mousse was divine and so were the oysters sweet potato croquettes were very nice but could use a touch more flavor getting there early made all the difference must go back for the cheddar waffle .
i just want to add after a series of bad meals and a bad call on the  part we will not go back to this place .
had a great sunday afternoon here very unique and delicious dishes we both loved every bite also visited for brunch a couple of weeks back very busy but well worth it .
omg i went here and hardly remember it well guess thats the experience .
great place for brunch nice atmosphere and great inside just be prepared to brave a crowd .
a great place to take a  if want average  food that would be forgettable if the pasta appetizer wasnt so salty that i could barely taste the  ice cream i spent 225 with tip and got a slice of pizza on the way home .
i am fan now i had the pecan pie french toast and it was divine excellent for for great brunch price brunch time there is a  but what can you expect for such a wonderful place mmmmmmmm .
the place is cute but the service absolutely sucks it was such a bother to them when i asked what were the pastries since they dont label them and the price is high too for average tasting food and drinks never go back there again .
only been here for brunch with a friend but damn best french toast of my life pecan encrusted with a gooey inside very very rich coated in  i loved it and savored every damn bite good coffee too .
this place has potential but isnt quite there yet i would have liked to have seen the food made to order instead of in a cold case the fact that they use a packet for espresso drinks instead of real coffee was the biggest disappointment .
absolutely delicious and a beautiful space its clear that the owners are very passionate about what theyre doing if i lived in that neighborhood it would become a regular stop .
this places food is nothing to jump for the only thing i enjoyed was the chicken fingers and thats only because of the sauce everything is just basic bar food not worth it to me i will not be returning .
been twice and its deff a popular neighborhood spot the bar make a terrific drink the food is top notch without pretentiousness and the room is casual and comfortable .
its close to  and rutgers but its divey and not in the cool way .
love this newest  to carroll gardens  baby back ribs squash tart pumpkin pasta and lots more im looking forward to going back and trying great service friendly and attentive warm inviting room great place .
i didnt order from here because there was no trace of any menu online anywhere need to know whats on offer before ill give a place a try .
villa  is a great place been going for years and never had a bad meal chicken  is amazing nice salad before the meal and bread is homemade and fresh dont miss out on this place .
great food but way too noisy even when you ask the staff to turn down the loud music so that you can talk they refuse in a  way will not return i dont want to have to wear  when eating breakfast .
being a manhattan snob leads to constant disappointment when elsewhere not so with this place though superb service and tasty food didnt order a dish we didnt like from the appetizers to the mains skipped dessert though because we were so full its byob so enjoy .
wack wack wack if youre going to spend the time to come there might as well go to  nothing special and inconsistent .
excellent food their pizza is for take out only however its delicious they have brick oven pies its byob the dishes are of good size and very tasty its gets busy on the weekends .
everything about this place screamed okay i wanted to like it i live nearby its small cute off the tourist and b t  problem is the food had three dishes and two different wines ambience and decor is just average not worth a second trip .
their calzones are great and their pizzas try the garlic knots the older italian man seems to be part owner not sure but definitely a nice guy .
not a soul food joint one would expect to find authentic soul good this is a corporate restaurant with a soul food menu food is fair as are the drinks .
service is great and has a nice atmosphere it was very hot the day we went so that may have affected the quality of the food i will definitely be back again .
the service was great but the food was blah i ordered the ribs and bbq wings while my bf got the damn good chicken neither were very good the chicken had a metal twig thing in it so be careful if you decide to eat here .
the pizza here is great .
terrible overpriced food dry pulled pork cardboard catfish afterthought salad 38 bucks caveat emptor .
i really like  their cheese steak hoagies are the best they use real steak pizza is good but thats about all that ive had from them they have a small dining area and service is friendly last time we ate there the guy was really nice .
so far really not happy what type of place  allow you to try the soup gumbo before ordering it bartenderserver kinda  about it too have received my food yet and not a good vibe about this place yet no cider or gluten free advertised either .
locally the best food this side of central and northern jersey hands down the  stew  is the best take your food to go not in the best  but good food .
the food is horrible meat overcooked too dry to eat looks like it comes from frozen  food from grocery the food doesnt come as it is described the menu .
byob great food even better staff casual atmosphere with great ambience just a great local italian restaurant where you see alot of the same faces great for familys .
food was below average and service was slow despite being only one of two tables in the entire restaurant .
this restaurant is byob which is a plus to the already delicious and fresh menu ive been coming here for years and tend to order the seafood salad fettuccine alfredo and chicken alla casa this is authentic italian at its best tasty filling and inexpensive you cant lose .
mediocre food slow slow service ive tried it 3 times now and it is always the same .
randomly discovered this place 2 yrs ago and have been a regular ever since the pear cake is my top favorite the almond cookies and the spinach pie are amazing she is such a nice person herself .
seriously no our bill 2 people for one beer and three or four super small plates was almost 100 each plate had maybe three bites on it the menu descriptions were misleading as well not happy about the experience wont be returning unfortunately .
i just adore this tiny hidden gem loved the baklava and the almond cookie just as good as my mothers too bad its so far away from queens cant wait to try the spinach pie great job  keep it up .
i wouldnt recommend this place to anyone not even someone who couldnt tell good vegetarian food from bad and please dont order the broccoli rabe you might choke to death i doubt if anyone who works there knows how to do the   but they should .
outstanding the spinach pie is as good if not better then my  greek for grandmother .
just finished eating a takeout biriyani its soggy no flavor and worst ever biriyani i have eaten i doubt ill go back here again .
for a second just forget about the greek financial meltdown no matter what aftershocks it created enjoy the delicious 4 spinach pie 3 baklava you can sense a warm earthy homely feeling the care and effort put into making the pie when the lady serves it .
i was lured in by their dinner buffet but both the selection and the quality were lacking for something id been looking forward to all day it was pretty disappointing dishes were fairly bland staff was bored .
loved the spanakopita thought it was a deal for 4 after all do you know how long it takes to make this stuff will be head back again .
i ordered chicken vindaloo and shrimp curry yesterday and was sooo disappointed both dishes consisted of the same tomato sauce bland base curry into which some boiled chicken and shrimp were placed ill never order from here again totally yuk .
to be fair i have only had one thing at boubouki so far but it has me coming back often for it the chocolate chip cookies seriously it might be the best cookie i have ever had looking forward to exploring everything else they have to offer .
went for buffet crap food all the below good review does seem to be from the owner himself fyi we went on sunday afternoon  please avoid and save your bucks .
this place was absolutely fabulous i highly recommend both the carrot cake and the pear cake which were both flavorful and moist the owner is such a lovely sweet woman definitely worth the trip i cannot wait to go back cash only i believe .
drove by a couple of weeks later and those boards of wood were still up in the front window not ok satish palace .
ive had only her pear cake and i loved it i prefer my desserts not be too sweet lower quality desserts mask their low flavor with sugar and the cake is perfect it was also very light and airy .
an unassuming and unpretentious eatery offering decent food and good service prices are reasonable and the broad street cafe is worth a try when passing through the area .
had the baklava it was fantastic nothing beats a sunday morning stop at essex market a piece of baklava and maybe a chai latte from  rico the woman who runs boubouki is super nice and clearly puts her heart into the food she makes i definitely recommend .
no delivery on a saturday night i dont understand how you pick and choose when you deliver .
for a second just forget about the greek financial meltdown no matter what aftershocks it created enjoy the delicious 4 spinach pie 3 baklava you can sense a warm earthy homely feeling the care and effort put into making the pie when the lady serves it .
this used to be my most favorite place in the world been coming here for years they took away my three favorite dishes curry chicken soba noodles and  burger it  my heart but i will never go back i was a loyal customer .
tasty greek pastry nook amazing spanakopita very nice owner who is great to talk to definitely a spot to stop at when youre in essex street market .
worst service ever .
its all about the oldstyle charm ice cream is good lots of chocolates but its real draw is the atmosphere kinda too bad the sopranos thing has  their authenticity .
beware worst customer service ive ever experienced after being threatened by the owner   on account of their incompetence i will never support this restaurant again .
old school perfection real turkey club mint chip egg creams yum fast friendly service clean and cared for parlor .
if you get a reservation here dont expect them honor it hostess was rude unprofessional and had poor customer service skills .
ive been critical of the service of past but lately the staff sorry girls are much better about being attentive as a customer i totally appreciate it when theres an improvement in service and quality and i believe  has been doing both .
kale caesar salad needed more dressing croutons and cheese polenta needed cheese salt and pepper juice glasses of wine were teeny however service was quick and very  up this to 2 5 stars if i could .
great homemade ice cream and great burgers and sandwiches .
the pasta was good but the portions were served on a small salad plate with a 1012 price .
awesome homemade icecream i had the brownie chocolate sundae which was to die for highly highly recommend this place .
congee is the best and only under 5 only one thing i dont like is dirty floor and chairs that all add up to uncomfortable to order more to eat .
great spot for homemade ice cream efficient service hard working kids this place has been around for some time can get crowded at times so be prepared .
horrible customer service twice now i have ordered food only to get there and be told there is no food used to be a decent restaurant i would stay away from it .
the icecream here is amazing its the only thing weve had when weve been here the icecream is delicious and creamy and tastes very good i like the sundaes too as they are reasonably priced and delicious .
the interior make over is refreshing compared to the previous layout and decor large wooden dance floor area .
the best ice cream in the area personally i love their  great place to bring the kids .
they charge for the containers dont do delivery .
takes you back to the 60s good food nostalgic atmosphere right out of an   good place to stop for a quick bite the  type of friendlys restaurants .
i am all for holeinthewall type places but that is no excuse for cleanliness the pho was pretty  a little oily for my taste .
great ice cream the rest of the food is nothing special though love the ambiance though .
i was excited when i  into this pho restaurant but my disappointment came when they ignored my presence it was  they did not want to take my order as they continually passed my table serving others if i was vietnamese would it had been different .
the ice cream here is great and i love the burgers here too i dont usually have burgers but every time i come here ill always get one great service too .
went for lunch with wife this weekend  why sushi shack only 2 items  lotsa rolls ordered  maybe 67  small and thinly sliced sashimi on small bowl of rice only seating on benches at communal tables will not be going back .
came here post run from the park and had their maple walnut ice cream on a cone delicious and just what ive been craving homemade tastiness even the cone was tasty they also put a lot on the single cone which i liked .
the staff was great but sadly the food was underwhelming they seem to be trying to put a new spin on a food that was already perfected .
best grilled cheese around hands down ice cream is good especially mint chocolate chip is amazing .
came in multiple times to try different things the servers are lovely but food is so  average for the price .
solid place i enjoy the burgers with a cherry smash and chocolate chip mint ice cream for dessert .
its overpriced and not worthy for the money the bill for two people comes to 120 the shrimp is good black cod is good but the party bomb and the sushi have too much rice not good value i will not come back again .
great food service is okay typical place for a college kid to work and take for granted that said the ice cream is really good rip james  .
guacamole sushi no thanks and a waitress who doesnt quite understand the  of a customer having a serious food allergy ill move on .
time travel back to the 50s hope it never changes great icecream .
overrated the appetizers were decent but the sushi had far too much rice and was just eh also the hipster lighting is atrocious and made me nauseous i appreciate the concept but not the execution will stick to robertas next time i find myself in the area .
went here because this was the final scene for the sopranos .
i gave  another try fail the karage was oily overcooked and bland the bombs were very fishy 5 stars for service but once again the food was a completely disappointment .
best homemade ice cream and chocolate you can get hands down .
i waited about 45 minutes for a roll that i finished in 45 seconds .
coffee chip ice cream with great  of dark chocolate are made in the basement in    that go through a hard freeze  and final freeze process that  the creamiest most flavorful ice cream .
closed .
try the onion rings as far as im concerned theyre the best in the state .
the food is good the price is cheap no delivery service pickup only .
best ice cream in town .
this place is terrible the waiter takes order very slow is extremely rude and keep on yelling at customers the food is also awfully bad and the plates look really greasy it is the worst chinese restaurant that ive tried so far .
had a brief encounter with this place while visiting  area this week mint chip ice cream was great .
mehh the pork and  dumplings were subpar the covering was  thicker than it should have been with no flavor doused it in the vinegar hot sauce and it was edible .
sopranos last episode was shot here the icecream is fabulous fresh homemade only 12 15 flavors but they are perfect nutty cocunut tons of nuts great shakes and great burgers yum yum .
used to like it but my last 2 visits were disappointing the broth doesnt taste as it used to be and yet the waiting time is unacceptable cheap food doesnt necessarily meant to be bad quality sorry i am not coming back .
this place is really good i would have given it five starts but they need to add a little more meat .
i find this place has fallen in quality and cleanliness dumplings were cold and noodles soup was super salty blech customers dumping all the leftover soup into an open bucket next to the customers who are still eating its disgusting .
we order from this place fairly often they are consistently good the subs are huge and moderately priced .
ordered the fried dumpling its big thats it thats the only positive comment i can give the skin is too thick and doughy this is my third disappointing visit not going back to this place anymore .
i love this place they always deliver on time and the food is really good and fresh thanks super hero  .
my husband had their dumplings last night and is now  from food poisoning .
always delicious fast delivery i order once a week the large sub will feed you for days .
this is no longer a noodle house i recently tried to go there for some noodles only to find out that the store had changed i believe it is now some type of self serve hot pot restaurant very disappointed really wanted to have some hand pulled noodles .
great service friendly staff by the way bryan hooked me up a great sandwich man i love this store much success to you guys .
slowest delivery service ever by the time the food comes you could have  there several times and back almost two hours for service i will definitely seek elsewhere next time .
i stumbled upon this shop twice now great little neighborhood spot tasty subs fresh ingredients clean shop and super friendly staff and surprisingly cheap i m definitely driving there every chance i get just for breakfast .
the food here is mediocre at best i will never go back to this place because their crappy soups spilled all over my car for a place that specializes in take out one would think that they would know how to pack  ugh .
what a bargain one of the biggest sandwiches youll ever have and a great price bread is fresh along with the cold cuts just surpassed  as my favorite sandwich spot .
ok delivery thai food thai awesome is a much better option if you are willing to pick it up yourself doesnt even compare .
im not sure at what point in my life it became so difficult to get a great italian sub these are some nice people who are fixing some solid subs in jc they care it shows .
did not even compare to all the other thai restaurants i have had the food lacked spices or something that would have made it taste like authentic thai the set up inside and the food made this comparable to fast food thai .
enjoyed the noodles .
gave a different pizza shop a chance and thought it was ok a bit too  for us though same with the garlic knots we would maybe return for the monday or tuesday night special .
cozy atmosphere friendly staff most importantly delicious dishes thumbs up overall for this soba spot would have been 5 stars but they do not take credit cards its 2015 guys will be returning .
the pizza here is  definitely not good but not bad either they need to take tips from those real pizza pros at italian touch on  lane by the  .
it was really good the kimchee one smelled so good and savory i went a few hours before and now i am craving it again it is a really small place bring cash .
ordered take out broccoli rabe awful raw garlic these people obviously deliver to people that dont know any better poor excuse for italian style food order the chicken parm if your on a diet its so flavorless you wont waste your time worst food .
we love this place cold and hot soba the appetizers are also good super cheap so its a good value move it seems to fill up quickly but i havent found the wait to be that bad .
i went in to eat by myself so i sat down and waited and waited for someone to come to my table i ended up leaving i was ignored i never went back .
wow wow wow the flavors are off the chain i only got one of the  and silky tofu but i plan to go back to try it all on a very empty stomach .
this place use too be great but now no such good place terrible food now no good hope they better it .
cash only small space service was great and waitresses had good recommendations and was knowledgeable about the food and menu i cant remember what we ordered but i remember liking everything haha i do remember some tofu thing that i thought was awesome haha .
very rude owners and employees its a shame i like some of their food but will not order again .
 delicious and filling they offer so many different components to the simple soba coming one after another best part is the asian waiter with and awesome voice too .
nothing special here is right the wings are only a little better than you can buy frozen lowquality blue cheese dressing comes with it which is more meh pretty disappointing wings for a place that has wings in the name .
cant get enough of the warm  soba 10 .
very disappointed cramped back table where servers had to reach over other diners rude inattentive possibly clueless waiter he slammed down glasses brought a  wine bottle with no label med rare steak came finally well done tough so noisy we couldnt hear each other .
love this place cash only and there is usually a wait they dont take  so go early .
came here for my moms birthday food and service were great but just after our meal a huge cockroach crawled up my  leg shortly thereafter another cockroach ran across the floor pretty disappointing after spending 250 wont be back .
so so so good been here three times in the rush and quiet and its been consistently amazing the burdock mera mera are both really good try the coconut  perfect dessert ill be back again and again and again .
pretty disappointed since we were looking forward to going to this place only bright spot was their mashed potatoes pommes puree which was really good .
delicious unique food id never been to a  restaurant before it is very small so it might be hard to get seated my large party went at an off hour and still had to wait 20min definitely worth it for a unique experience .
stopped in with a friend we had a couple of overcharged beers and as we were paying we had a surprise visit from a cockroach right on the bar will never go back .
come here for a healthy alternative whenever you have a ramen craving warm bowl of soba noodles will hit the spot this winter .
parc made me realize that french food is not my favorite cuisine i tried some of the wild mushroom soup it was thick and flavorless and the after taste was bitter i actually become a little queasy after a few bites .
homey style great place to be for small groups if you want to have a close conversation with your friend or your date this is the goto restaurant def recommend dip umai and healthy i love pouring soup in at the end and drink it up  .
went for lunch food is still only okay menu is  boring service was better though .
great little place for soba noodles the service is very good menu explains the way everything is done for people like me who have no idea about this stuff although im not a seafood person and their broth is a  based broth food was very good .
all i have to say is this place is only good for one thing spring afternoon  at people walking by otherwise tres horrible .
this is as good as it gets best soba ever get the warm ones especially in the winter lean towards the curry ones and must get green tea affogato .
we were seated at a table outside and received zero service went inside to ask for our waitress three times and nobody ever came so that sucked .
the soba noodles and broth was great each  regular or large and if you order the large its actually in the same  bowl but more soba i see each bowl is  a certain amount of soba .
horrible horrible horrible i have been to parc twice both times the service was slow and the food was horrible i will not be going back .
best soba noodle i ever had .
phenomenal ambiance okay food okay service .
some of the best tasting soba ive ever had including in japan the service is a bit hit or miss but the food makes up for it they have variety of styles you can have your soba from hot broth hot dipping and cold dipping as well .
not as bad as i expected i hate theme restaurants french restaurants not run by french people but once again i wound up at a starr restaurant decent fries decent bread thats about it .
amazing so many options each time i go i try to get something new love this place keep in mind it is cash only which is sometimes annoying but the prices are very reasonable here so its fine will continue to go back .
i sooooo wanted to like this place bc of how it  brooklyn and its  brunch pics on instagram epic fail slow service bad waiter and over cooked steak .
perfect soba noodles the place is small and run by japanese .
great wings tasty frozen drinks first time we went was really good the service was good and the mgr on duty was very friendly this past saturday we went back and caught an apparent shift change and have to say the service was terrible .
japanese soups has kimchi cash only .
the pizza was burned .
pros amazing kimchee pork dip soba get it with tempura fritters soba tea is 1 50 and tastes great gorgeous presentation cons absolutely long waiting line with only 1 bench available tips get their dessert the  ice cream mochi is amazing .
the chili and cornbread was quite tasty and meaty and enjoyable the pork tacos were rather flavorless .
the kimchi pork dipping soba and silky tofu is the best to get here i love the presentation very japanese style and brings a neat experience the tea is authentic and soothing its sad to say the service needs more work though hopefully itll get better in time .
found a bone in my pulled pork sandwich didnt even get an im sorry instead i received thats not good the worst customer service ever guess thats why they have a truck and not a brick and mortar store .
authentic the best soba youll ever have and green tea thats magical plenty of veggie options too .
had scallion pancakes here really tough to chew never again service was slow too .
forget ramen soba is so much better there arent many authentic places serving japanese soba and this place is perfect .
very underwhelming too much batter on the fish n chips not that tasty bison burger too dry also not that tasty .
one of my new favorite restaurants in ny healthy crazy delicious affordable nicest staff ever the cold kimchee soba is out of control bonus fact they only play two songs and they loop back and forth between them all night .
dont do pick up terrible service i waited for 45 minutes past the pick up time and when i got home i realized that the order was incomplete the dishes you get when you take away are nothing like those served in the restaurant bad experience really disappointing .
good stuff next to the good stuff they also have funny  .
overpriced and subpar slow service .
this is a  of my kitchen haters go find somewhere else cough cough .
i was excited to visit  kitchen because i love mole alas the traditional chicken mole was overly salty and unimpressive .
just found out today they have expanded with this new location same great food same great staff and chefs same  and simplistic decor and same cult following what more can i say cocoron is my goto place for comfort food without the  .
not a mexican food restaurant just a mexican themed restaurant way overpriced .
everything is fantastic the rice balls and bread are amazing looking forward to trying some of there hot food .
ive had really good ethiopian food before and unfortunately this was not that good food was cold when it arrived except for the bread it tasted very heavy portions were small for the price .
great deli for the neighborhood italian specialties and many homemade products had a grilled chicken prosciutto mozz evoo hero delicious also picked up some frozen raviolis pumpkin and spinach .
more like pizza hut .
driving home from nyc on a sunday morning and we found this gem tucked back in a cute little  neighborhood we were pleasantly surprised and loved the atmosphere and the food was awesome if we ever pass through here again we will definitely visit this restaurant .
got half way through on order of wings before i noticed they were pink inside sure enough a few hours later i got sick thanks guys havent thrown up in a while it was  the wings were bad anyway delivery was relatively quick .
i went to for brunch and the food and service was good .
not a good value expansive for what you get small portions of salad it is very beautiful space good place to hang out and have a  i recommend walking next door to hummus kitchen or so  if you want a full meal for your money .
great food wonderful service and the owners are very personal as a business owner of a large growing business this is the service one would love to see wonderful atmosphere cant wait to go in the winter as well and have a nice coffee .
very bad service the waiters managed to ignore you when you arrive and rush your plates off while youre still eating the portion is small and the food is over priced not a very relaxing environment with  employees whose job is to stand around and  .
stopped in for breakfast this morning based on other reviews and we were not let down we got the whole wheat pancakes and chicken with waffles and it was all fresh and delicious well definitely be back .
i had a terrible experience here the service was lousy and the food tasteless will never go back .
such a great little find breakfast was excellent coffee was so good cant wait to come back for lunch .
ownermanager is a very rude lady server was nice food is decent but should be half the price for what you get wont visit again mostly due to the rude lady .
fantastic food really nice prices pleasant staff great location constant seasonal specials diverse selection of food new inventive recipes you cant go wrong with hapgoods .
not my cup of tea its park slope it suppose to be laid back and chill this place definitely belongs in the upper east side very  waiting no so great food ok menu small mimosa nothing good prices sky high .
very good find we stumbled across hapgoods while looking for a breakfast option better than the local diners we were not disappointed the challah french toast with poached pears is amazing as was my cajun shrimp and grits we will certainly be back maybe every saturday morning .
average the food was ok and the serve was really bad .
met some friends there for sunday brunch and we all were very pleased the menu had many eclectic choices pulled pork omelets to the basic fare poached eggs the coffee was plentiful good and hot the staff attentive and they didnt rush us we would definitely go again .
rude bartenders mediocre drinks .
delicious my chicken  was wonderful the service was excellent and the owner was charming great evening .
drinks were good but our bartender short man with long curly hair was quite rude .
really enjoyed the food and atmosphere here great byob we came here once when it was a different restaurant and now the inside is much nicer and the service is really good the mussels were excellent and their main entrees are really tasty and large portions .
if you are not hungry and ready to spend money go there these are the smallest portions i have ever seen i wouldnt fred my baby with such small portions and im a  lbs guy .
what a nice surprise outstanding service staff makes you feel welcome good food at reasonable prices .
this place came recommended by several people but i found the food to be mediocre at best the concept is great the service was great but the food was disappointing .
always fresh homemade fast service all soups are very hearty and full of flavor the pierogi is freshly made daily and sells out quickly once i bought over a dozen packages for friends at work during holidays everyone loved them .
one star is too much for this place bad service expensive and baby plates .
good food but slightly oily pho spring rolls are amazing area is not good to go at night .
its all about the bread is there motto and thats especially true with there sandwiches mostly bread lacking in the meat cheese and toppings department .
ive only tried a few things but their summer rolls are much better than any other vietnamese restaurant in jersey city by far prices are great theyre fast too .
one word overrated i dont understand why this was one of the top rated restaurants in yelp philadelphia the bread is crusty and hard and the sandwiches are just passable ive had much better at planet hoagie or even quiznos definitely not a repeat place for me .
i quite enjoy the chicken and vegetable sandwich hits the spot for 3 75 i live for the avocado milk shakes .
white trash hawaiian food that totally sux chic spam and wonder bread the sexy waiters are absolutely the only reason to go and the spam of course .
amazing view i love l i c they actually  around manhattan i had great time on our trip i do not have any information about this trip yet i guess they recently start to doing this it wad very worthy .
used to eat here all the time the place has gone down hill however the icing on the cake is the 90 minute wait to get my food delivered .
bison burger is the best meat option here  not even close to the real thing .
i ordered the mamas gyro it was very dry woman next to me sent it back for more sauce with hardly any filling but meat i didnt feel it was worth 5 will not go back .
this place is a hidden gem in lic right by the water and great view of manhattan its a great spot to grab a burger and beer it took us a little while to find this place but its totally worth it .
update they did end up giving us a refund .
this place is great its what lic used to be before all the freaking yuppies moved in its not fancy and thats why i love it .
been coming here almost 2 years today i had a mama salad and found a fly in it wish i was around the store when i started eating it so i can call the health department i will never come here again .
love this place great little chill spot right on the water to relax and have some beers with a great view of the city cant wait to go back soon and often wish they took  cards though that was a bit of a drag .
dolmades from a can poor customer service dry chicken gyro really just pieces of chicken dont order from there .
sweet little chill place on the water food isnt great but the drinks are a good value .
i went back after a year and found this place sadly changed for the worse increased prices kept same quantity but decreased quality food was mostly bland with not much of a flavor for that price youd expect more sad .
great burgers and sausages on the grill beer wine and view prices are high for the food as you would expect with outdoor waterfront place beer and wine prices reasonable very much worth it .
tried it again for lunch last week the place was quieter and less crowded and rushed got the greek salad and grilled shrimp it was tasty but shortly after lunch i got violently ill im done with this place ugh .
good food great view nice place to go if you want a low key night out it is a cash only spot the only atm in walking distance is in the 23 blocks down .
service was terrible rude and rushed us through .
the secret is out now and people finally fill this space in the weekends weekdays is a different story calm quiet charming low key and  great  style bbq nice cold beers and very friendly owners great views of manhattan whats not to like .
overpriced food chicken kebab was dry and flavorless the restaurant wasnt even busy but the waiter made us feel pressured to hurry up and leave overall it wasnt worth coming here .
one of my favorite places in nyc they keep it simple bottles of beer dude on the grill never too crowded killer view of mid town sit right next to the water dogs  out basically as close as you can get to  on the black sea .
there is a deal in restaurant com but they dont accept this deal big portion poor quality i am definitely not coming back there are better options near by .
this is the best kept secret in nyc the beer is inexpensive and cold the food simple yet well executed and the city view is unbeatable great for the weekend afternoon that you are stuck in the city and dont want to be surrounded by  people outdoors .
like the margaritas that is about all too commercial for me .
love the decor nice atmosphere good food very friendly staff slim  in  so i think this place adds a nice touch bar style food with a little twist lots of comfort foods on the menu looking forward to going there again .
disgusting food poor service never again please .
good little family owned diner good food including some different treats like seasonal pumpkin  very friendly service not open on sundays .
on the go order was horrible i paid 7 00 for an appetizer sized guacamole that was a 12 cup portion and the chips were stale i order this all the time from the  pa location and am quite satisfied there this location sucks beware .
i have been going here with my kids since it opened years ago our favorites are the fried egg sandwiches burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches friendly service .
a weak attempt at mexican food the chips have an artificial processed texture the rice has butter on it ew the margaritas are ok a little too sweet i had the fajitas they were ok a good place to take young kids but not for real mexican food .
the pressed cordon bleu sandwich and chili cheese fries was on point some random   on the  also was a real kick the decor had some serious time to it .
pros excellent margaritas the food is decent and consistent between visits cons quality of service is  and  bathrooms are often unacceptable avoid them at all costs in short i do occasionally enjoy  especially when i know they wont be busy .
i have to limit myself to stopping in here only 2x a week i love these bagels .
chipotle burritos are better this fake sf style burrito sucks .
good sandwiches fresh bagels veggies and other fillers worth the price .
i ordered 3 tacos mahi mahi which had good flavor but tiny l and in addition two chorizo tacos that looked and tasted just like ground beef ive had plenty of chorizo and this wasnt it again tiny tiny tacos that simply didnt deliver .
best bagels ive had in a while i got a special with eggs avocado bean salsa cheddar cheese and pico amazing also took home a bakers dozen n some olive pimento cream cheese oh and the berry smoothies are fantastic too i wish i lived closer .
its a direct chipotle knockoff with fewer options period .
went in today for lunch staff was friendly as usual during my visits bagels were flavorful and had plenty of cream cheese they got us through the line quick my fiancé who previously didnt care for  said today everything was very good .
these are americanized tacos for americans that are not  for taqueria style tacos they serve tacos with shredded cheddar cheese sour cream and salsa lol need i say more i mean food is food but authentic tacos these are not .
prices are awesome tried a 3 smoothie and their bagels are always so yummy .
carnitas was very tender the burrito though is very salty with the mild salsa it was almost uneatable ask to try the different salsa before you put it on yours .
as a bagel snob i have to say they arent half bad pleasant surprise in vermont we also had some tuna pasta salad stuff which was very good also .
chipotle is far more better than this place this place had no veggies to go in my burrito even the rice was overcooked overall bland food vegetarians please stick to chipotle it is complete value for money .
my goto bagel shop .
overrated and crowded think one small step above  if you want good authentic mexican tacos this is not the best place to go .
awesome some of the best bagels i have had freshly made nice and soft and chewy .
might as well have been chipotle except chipotle is better very disappointed highly americanized mexican food and i couldnt stop farting afterwards .
they make an excellent plain bagel very soft and doughy inside the pumpkin bagels in the fall are so good you  for them all year i miss this place .
 what the hell are these people doing it aint burritos .
they have the best pizza around the buffalo chicken pizza they offer is the bomb ive never had bad service and they always seem to be open late .
there are no vegetarian options because the rice is made with chicken stock boo .
brooklyns pizza is sincerely the best pizzas i have eaten so many varieties its amazing they dont only have pizza the array of things on the menu is simply amazing great service and very accommodating i simply love this place .
i just dont get how this place can survive when there is chipotle the food they make in dos toros is tasteless in the best case its not even spicy and it looks kind of trashy why are you ppl go there in such an excitement .
they won me over .
i dont get the hype its just another chipotle everything tastes boring from the salsa to the rice to the meats .
ive had pizza from everywhere theres is the best i even ate in once and everyone there was so nice love this place .
man is this place overrated .
they have been open only 3 weeks so i think some things are growing pains good reuben friendly staff ok  need to replace outside carpet .
tasted like a bunch of ingredients that was boiled and stick together the very hot sauce wasnt that spicy either .
rather tired an institution that needs a refresh or call it  .
for vegans there is nothing in here  and blend burritos or tacos there is a lot of better choices out there awful .
great food great service great wine selection perfect for a date highly recommended to the max .
gummy tortilla .
great restaurant great bar great kitchen great boss one of my favorite restaurant in nyc .
are you kidding me an hour line for a chipotle rip off i dont think so run away and spend your hard earned money at one of the nearby food trucks the only positive is that the place serves  .
4 5 stars this place is surprisingly good find here through yelp because its close to penn station mussels and shrimps are good will definitely come back .
decent nothing special to be honest for the price id rather get chipotle it seems  do people still use the term zesty although im northeast born and raised so maybe i just dont get  burritos still doesnt seem like its worth the hype .
lovely french ambience this is very close to fit everyone was very sweet helpful the food was very good we had one of the brunch items and tapas great variety to choose from fresh tasty and exquisite presentation definitely recommend .
way too expensive for what it is selections are terrible food was ok chipotle was better sadly .
exceptional food and service reminiscent of a visit to france three delicious french beers on tap and plenty of wine choices excellent small plate of risotto and excellent mussels great space in a hideaway spot .
dead and gone .
the nicest wait staff around risotto to die for only wish theyd been around when my office was around the corner id have taken a time share on a table love this place .
the rice is not vegetarian so i ended up with a rather meager bean burrito it tasted good but i dont think it was worth 6 50 after tax .
great french bistro with a funky vibe highly recommend sitting at the bar with eli the   friendly sharp like anthony bourdain in his prime fun time great food cannot go wrong enjoy .
one of the  of this place was in third eye blind for a minute which is maybe the reason he is so weird yeah the absence of vegetarian and vegan options is bull and the blatant ripoff of calexico is embarrassing avoid .
wow this place is so phenomenal with a  team work tasty french cuisine makes  unique and my favorite is the chocolate   so yummy you guys gotta go there and its near the msg .
no thanks .
great service and a wonderful cocktail list   the bartender amanda is very attentive and makes a good drink i highly recommend this establishment .
sooo disappointing nothing like a san francisco mission taqueria this is on par with chipotle but at least chipotle uses  ranch pork dos toros says nothing about the source of their pork or beef just their chickens .
cool little spot nice folks  and tomato salad tasty kebab of sausage in pita and mussels were enjoyed a most pleasant alternative to all the bar food places near msg .
chicken stock in the rice come on guys if you were really so california youd be better to your vegetarian customers oh wait maybe you dont have any my mistake in coming to your restaurant .
the perfect spot for a girls afterwork drinks ive tried their business lunch as well it was not bad the portions are small but delicious .
it tastes like chipotle to me its not bad but i wouldnt go out of my way to eat here .
great french food fresh menu for summer .
presumably the founders have had a few burritos in california how is just  that so difficult this is nothing like the real thing sorry the cheese was sliced the sour cream had the consistency of water the salsa was just bad .
my new french crush for quality quantity atmosphere and  no  required for a france  and if lucky to meet owners ask them about their journey sure to make you an  .
it is no better and no worse than chipotle meh .
nice quiet vibe with delicious food and tasty beer i had the mushroom risotto with truffle oil and parmesan delicious served with fresh and fluffy sourdough .
i have only had a breakfast sandwich from  and frankly i am not impressed the sausage egg and cheese is way better at  .
very nice neighborhood restaurant and very french indeed our food was fresh and imaginative and the service was very friendly the back dining room is a bit hohum and a bit claustrophobic very generous by the glass wine pours we will certainly return .
overall the experience was good waitress was very nice attentive and funny the food was alright we actually enjoyed the nachos more than anything .
this place was quiet delicious and upscale with no nasty attitude a friend and i shared the salad  and a charcuterie plate that were both stunning .
i wasnt really excited from the food service is pretty bad i wouldnt suggest it .
i really like this place so wonderful to have a quiet wine spot like this in the neighborhood nice waitstaff delicious terrine goodsized portions and of course a really lovely selection of wines the ambiance is great as well .
the butcher bar was not that great the ribs were very fatty with not much meat mac and cheese taste like it came from kraft and sweet tea was not sweet waitress was not attentive .
contrary to your belief the food is actually pretty tasty im not sure how sanitary the place is because we got delivery .
byob is great the portions not so much the burnt ends were delicious the salad with carved turkey was pretty good too however the ribs were a bit too dry as was the complimentary apple cake but its complimentary .
mes  has become my goto restaurant in the area have never had an experience there that was not  .
average food but highly overpriced for the quality .
this place was great everything from the mussels appetizer to the duck entree to the bread pudding dessert its also a byob so a nice way to save some money i will definitely be back .
service and good could definitely been better the restaurant had a lot of potential and was not close to what you can get in texas .
my wife and i had a great dinner tonight my wife had the escargot appetizer and lamb entree while i had the  and salmon i won on both accounts dont forget its a byob .
the brisket was dried .
absolutely delicious with wonderful service and a great ambiance a hidden gem .
i dont know what it is with this place but it seems they cannot deliver in less than an hour and the food is cold when it arrives we have tried 56 times and this has been the case each time too bad .
really great meal here with my parents had the seared sea scallop appetizer and the sauteed skate everything was good tried some of my dads escargot also on point mom pop were pleased nice restaurant great decor good service would come back .
the brisket was very dry and not much of the  really came through burnt ends were ok sides were decent and the pork belly was very good love the concept but ive had better for less .
i love that there is a french place in bloomfield the service was great and the food was delicious get the skate .
dry turkey dry brisket even after asking for the  they had the sides were the only highlight of the meal would be open to giving them another shot but not very  .
went there 3 times and always great the owners are just the nicest people in the world the food is great and the choc soufflé is worth the  .
for their prices id expect the best steak of my life i did not get it never going back their  are insulting .
service 2 5 took forever to get our  food 3 54 ambiance 4 5 location 3 overall experience 4 talented chef .
i was looking forward to visiting this steakhouse but the experience was mediocre at best the steak was okay but the price was ridiculous there was no real reason to return i would go back if they halved their prices .
very good french food really tastes french i am french maybe a little old fashioned i will go back .
loud and overpriced the food is good but the horrific atmosphere and elevated prices makes this place not enjoyable a huge disappointment from a restaurant group that has much promise .
last night was my third time here i love this place the food and service are always amazing save room for the pistachio chocolate creme brûlée i dream about this dessert five star service food and atmosphere .
your typical mall asian fast food wouldnt really even call it thai food theres like 3 places in this food court that all have the same food .
wow awesome classic french food in bloomfield service is  and the food keeps true to the pure flavors that make french food so good everything weve had so far has been great especially good was the duck lamb and steak pretty affordable and its byob too .
the waiter was bland the food was incredibly oversalted and bland the dan dan noodles were good maybe ill try a hot pot in the future appears to be the most popular dish i used to really like it here oh well .
ive been here for dinner and will definitely be going back a good atmosphere a terrific staff and i give the food a two thumbs up   .
tasteless and bland wonton soup no   cabbage or roast pork pieces mushy  and tasteless filling very disappointed .
im in love with this place the  and salt fish with fried dumplings are on point .
the place is noisy and the food stinks nuff said .
the real deal goat curry delicious cant wait to try everything on the menu .
so overpriced and bland duck dumplings could have been filled with anything duck was not distinctive we had a beef dish that was tender but not special at all the waitstaff was nice but clueless serves me right for trying to get chinese food outside of chinatown .
weve only ordered delivery from this place so ive never seen the interior but the jerk chicken and curry chicken are amazing i think im addicted .
the food tried to hard to be original and ended up over priced and disappointing wont go back .
best patties ever so freshly prepared yummy oxtails are delicious as well so glad i found them .
i was here a few weeks ago food was great 1 star for charging 11 for a shot of root an entire bottle is around 30 in a state store other stuff from the bar seemed priced a little higher than normal but still reasonable 11 seems excessive .
the food here was amazing the dine in service was good and the cashier waitress was respectable and very pleasant .
food was decent nothing spectacular but what got me was that they automatically add 18 tip to all checks thats every  for a restaurant also a reason to keep me from going back .
this place have the best oxtail and jerk chicken i have ever had and they also deliver .
the stars are only for the convenience and hours ordered delivery of grub hub and they forgot my garlic knots and the pizza and wings were cold the food was nothing to talk about and not something i would seek out .
this place has good pizza i tried the philly cheesesteak pizza and t was good perfect with a little but of ketchup too they also have many other types of slices i cant wait to try others .
not really a place i would return actually didnt even finish the sandwich i ordered this is not a pizza place not even close more of a sandwich and middleeastern food shop sadly it could be much better prices are reasonable .
great crispy crust i recommend for a quick slice tuscan pizza was quite good great variety of different pies .
dirty dirty dirty place bugs in ketchup bottle dirt and grease every where needs a good cleaning .
handsdown the best pizza in the area ive tried them all and the quality is always consistent the slices are huge and always juicy the chicken parm sandwich is also huge and delicious pizza night at my house every friday with friends always consists of  pizza .
october 2014 visit my sandwich came with fixins melted in on top of sandwich and fixins were not listed on menu and that ruined the sandwich for me prices were reasonable .
didnt disappoint at all i got the baked ziti mom and dad got a meatball parm everything was good and definitely will come back overall experience was great so that deserves a 5 star .
the mediterranean sandwich is just lettuce and tomatoes with a sprinkle of feta on a doughy bread absolutely tasteless .
really good slices in out typical jersey strip mall  busy 46 west in beautiful  clean dining area and friendly counter service you can sit in the back for table service too good alternative to the other shops in the same spot sushi chinese deli bagel dd .
i have eaten here before and the food is good its just a bit pricy the soup is very good also the presentation of the sandwich was lacking save a couple bucks and go to red robin in the same parking lot .
good pizza great chicken parmesan sandwich .
they call that breakfast .
my favorite pizza place in the area always have a big variety of special pizzas by the slice .
tasteless greasy fortune cookies were excellent .
amazing their custom pizzas by the slice were heaven to my taste buds i had three slices with the following on top 1 cheese  2 chicken  sp yes with hunks of chicken 3 buffalo chicken need i say more .
tastes very similar to solo the other skewer place located at 10th st over priced compared to solo i would consider giving this place another try since its relatively new place however i prefer red kings bbq because its more flavorful and tasty .
a fantastic evening and delicious meal the staff was fun friendly and knowledgable we especially enjoyed the heirloom tomato salad and deconstructed carrot cake well definitely repeat .
sat at the bar for drinks i was treated like dirt service was horrible never going back .
while driving all over new england heading to maine we had dinner reservations at the inn at  the restaurant is rustic and quaint the food was very good the staff was very friendly too .
the food is kind of boring the ingredients dont stand out for freshness and so i always come away feeling meh bar service is very good .
wanna bring a friend in for a birthday dinner anything could help me out with a reservation  appreciate .
good food but crazy that their catering van driver is  aggressive a block and a half from the restaurant would think they might realize they are trying to kill their own  customers .
had tasting menu the value  the hell out of its price it was not easy to get a table though called 3 weeks in advance for 2 ppl at friday night still we sat at bar make sure you call exact 30 days before .
service was slow and not attentive food was less than par and the beer selection was lacking went for a good dinner received an inedible meal half cooked and over seasoned not a good meal .
big fan of bohemian its in my neighborhood and never knew it even existed until a friend referred me the tuna  had me in love after the first bite and i am forever changed the drinks are equally delicious cant wait to come back here .
extremely slow i ordered paper dosa for take out and was told 15 minutes 30 minutes later still no food very unhappy with the service .
their food is great good taste and fresh the environment is a little intimidating tho .
not a place for vegetarians went there with friends who love that place and eat nonveg to try their veg biryani wasnt available ordered roti and mushroom curry somehow felt like they use the same oil that was my first and last time to this place .
i dream about this place .
had a lot of expectations before  here for lunch had  and it was sub par and the gravy items arent great  before going here not at all same as the one in chennai .
good soups .
this is only a review of the dessert i ordered macaroon was awful super hard and dry seemed days old way overpriced as well .
i dont know where to start bohemian is definitely among the best restaurants in nyc service food ambiance all top notch prices are high but not crazy   drinks .
mediocre deli food large portions not so great meats nice pickle bar .
very exclusive dining experience and the tasting menu is worth to try love their  panna cotta .
i didnt have high expectations at sushi buffet place but serving rolls with half cooked rice is really pushing it very disappointed at the food the service was lack luster as well they clearly didnt want to be there either that or its the food they just ate .
food was amazing service was impeccable i will definitely be dining here again  .
the food is so bad there the salmon and squid they use has been frozen for a long time i had a serious stomach ache after having lunch there do not go there it sucks .
really really nice restaurant really nice get anything you will be impressed the foie gras sushi was a definite standout but is was all really really good giraffe friendly .
sushi sashimi and roll was just ok tom yam soup has nothing in common with a real one the service was ridiculously slow on not too crowded evening kid was waiting for icecream more than 20 mins no masa anymore will go to hon or  .
what a place what a hidden jam we went there with our friends and shared all the meals in order to try as much as possible no disappointments at all great food great service highly recommend .
horrible service first our appetizer was cold and they forgot our gyoza second they lost our sushi order after almost waiting for an hour we even came early around 530 pm to avoid the saturday rush sorry never been so disappointed .
everything was amazing order the uni croquette and fried sweet potatoes those were my two favorites the cocktails were so delish im planning to come back really soon .
tried to go there but their policy has recently changed to only allow hotel guests and people meeting them there in starting at 4 pm .
order mac 5 cheese best thing in the menu foie gras soba sliders mediocre short rib sashimi caviar rice branzino setting quiet unpretentious great for catching up convo tip check out the butcher by the front door .
many many open tables but i was told there is a  minute wait at 4pm on a friday dont they know who i am .
such a surprising and cozy place services were great and food were great too  gras soba is amazing .
nomad hotel male bartenders not the library bar waitresses 1 guy in particular are the most arrogant stuck up bartenders ive come across nyc excessive attitude seem like a crop of frustrated  hipsters .
wagyu beef and substitute with japanese yam 5 stars nuff said .
not even a one star very bad if u want the real thing go to the  in girard ave simple the best .
make a reservation early and arrive on time food is made with great care using fresh ingredients and interesting combinations slow down enjoy the atmosphere which feels a little like an indoor garden scene from a  novel really delicious unique  a variety and eat it familystyle .
just went today and was very disappointed went to paesanos because of the food channel and now i would never take there word again .
the food and the service both excellent truly felt like i was in japan having dinner what i love about this place besides the food and service is the relaxed atmosphere and cozy seating this become easily one of my favorite japanese restaurant in downtown .
overrated and the one on girard was better had the lasagna sandwich and the long hots overpowered everything on it dissapointed but not surprised attitude at owners other restaurant  mio is  as well .
orgasmic raw short rib and the foie gras soba was insane .
this place is closed and not at this location .
i love the feel of this restaurant what a cool atmosphere drinks were great food was really good definitely get the three highlights uni croquette short rib sashimi and foie gras soba best of all price wasnt bad loved that part so refreshing .
radio bean is nice server with glasses is annoying .
food 4 service 4 the  japanese speakeasy in the past is now like a w hotel lounge the food quality remains great liked the burgers the whole fish portion is surprisingly generous .
went there tonight with my family rating 1 to 10   food 4 atmosphere 2 service 1 never again there is enough much better not difficult italian restaurant around .
this is one of the best meals i ever had it was intimate so go with your significant other not like me who went with a guy buddy we were the only ones not on a date  gras soba was awesome and branzini was awesome .
the dinner is way too fatty the service is terrible it is expensive and overpriced it gets two stars because they do make one of the largest pancakes on the planet .
a pretty unusually designed restaurant with a great fusion menu a wonderful option for a quiet dinner or date space is limited so dont come here with a big group i highly recommend the sliders and the sashimi .
this place is a  the inexperienced servers will test your patience its a shame because we liked the food .
well it used to be a secret but i guess no more this place is one of my favs so many reasons .
decent french fare uneven kitchen not very consistent mediocre staff lovely decor including wood burning stove in rear other better options in this part of brooklyn .
great food more a mixture of stuff than japanese .
i had a steak with garlic mashed potatoes an hour later i had diarrhea thanks but no thanks .
what an amazing place very chill atmosphere excellent dishes great bar cocktails could not have been a better experience thank you jessica we had a great time .
good food terrible service we were ignored for quite a while when we first sat down when our order was finally taken the waitress seemed annoyed that she had to wait on us very unfriendly vibe here food was ok but not worth the rude service .
dined here  this was a wonderful treat i loved the mystery of the place which mad this an adventure drinks were wonderful and the bronzini was the best i  ever had crispy on the outside and wonderfully moist on the inside the uni  was delicious .
i recommend this place for brunch and maybe a sandwich for lunch but for dinner you can do better for the same price .
im a fan fo sure i didnt do the tasting menu i took some yelpers advice on not doing it and just ordering stuff i might like instead i love the atmosphere cannot get enough of it .
dinner here on a sunday night a few weeks ago large birthday party for one of my friends the food was great but the place was empty and still the service was terrible they ignored us and everything took forever as in four hours for three courses .
i actually went back a week later .
i ordered the house burger the bun with burnt and beef under cooked no seasoning below average burger plenty of better options .
heres what we had and everything was so memorable and so so beautifully presented mint gold manhattan drinks were very good citrus  mushroom salad amazing flavor and great combination bohemian mini burger uni croquette sashimi platter salty caramel ice cream .
pros tasty juicy burger and grilled cheese on the late night bar menu cons found a light colored hair in my burger that i mentioned to the waiter and all he did was take the hair from my hand .
ask for the meat menu trust no really just do it .
picked this place for brunch over resto because of our bad experience with anything with less than 4 stars the waitress attitude was that our requests were an  the food was good but nothing to write home about .
interesting hidden locale with mid century decor and seating which is somewhat uncomfortable for a dinner delish food offerings .
the worst chinese food i have ever tasted we ordered pork fried rice and coconut chicken for take out and had it delivered we took a few bites and had to throw the rest away and make something else it was absolutely disgusting and inedible .
my favorite restaurant amazing service and food .
typical greasyspoon  takeout prices are low and food is passable but not outstanding interior is rather dismal id recommend takeout in a pinch .
cozy atmosphere attentive service really good food one of the best places i have dined in nyc .
for american this place is really nice but for vietnamese like me the food is not authentic if you want true vietnamese food that might not suit the american taste dont go here .
very good for two mushroom salad fondue uni croquettes rib sashimi risotto foie gras soba the coffee is something else only drawback i love mid century modern sofas but they are not comfortable to eat in .
the food is good but on the very pricy side for vietnamese watch out the bill it will run you 70 after tips for lunch easily .
awesome uni croquette oysters  gras soba good uni salmon roe sweet potato creme brulee bleh branzino huge portion not bad for the price but tasted like a normal piece of grilled fish at any restaurant american taste was plain etc .
food is decent but over priced staff is rude if you want delivery be prepared to wait 2 hrs .
you get 3 hours for a dinner reservation and the food is great my favorites were the mushroom salad foie gras soba and the shortrib sashimi definitely try the shortrib sashimi my friend and i ordered 3 servings because it was so good .
pho was pretty salty and from the get go three main menu items were not available they dont even make banh mi anymore what gives pretty disappointing  .
 that i failed to review this after my visit there last year wonderful uni bowl short rib sashimi chef made me feel like a long lost friend yes yes go see the toilet .
too expensive .
one of my alltime favorites get the prefix with the sliders and start with the veggie crudo thing love yum delicious .
the food was just meh i was expecting more since everyone was raving about how amazeballs the  food was .
very small full of character and so  thought out that it feels like the owners  rather than their business beautiful  japanese garden i could eat here everyday taste 810 presentation 55 creativity 45 wine selection 45 total  .
food is ok typical vietnamese nothing too special 2 stars due to they serve in really small portions and a bit pricey too .
best japanese food ever not sure how traditional it is but the food is amazing the secret is out so dont think you are some  of a club by  a  here just go with your most pretentious boots and prepare to be  .
they removed the pho bo from the menu and replaced it with a water based broth with chicken nasty bring back the pho bo .
the real deal be sure to have the branzini which was on the tasting menu wow also they have a good whiskey selection including  18 which was a big for me .
overrated good people watching though .
the fusion food menu and most of the dishes are interesting enough though not the best in taste but outstanding in concept and presentation very good to have it in the neighborhood with its hidden location the indoor miniature garden however we appreciate their effort look pretty dead .
dont believe the hype i didnt think the pizza here was all that great i had the square slice maybe i just dont get it the spumoni ice cream was just  maybe the sit down food is better .
solid four star restaurant and bar the food is beautiful the drinks are clever and the interior space has that micro indoor garden theme nice place for a drink or intimate dinner for two meat fish and vegetarian meals available .
i dont know why everyone loves this place this pizza is good for bensonhurst but if you are willing to make the trips a lot of other places are better 1 lombardis 2 di faras 3 grimaldis .
i just cant find them sometimes .
over rated but fun for a visit and people watching .
not too heavy great icing we like the coconut and the mounds the best friendly service .
just okay i dont get the hype the red sauce was bland and the noise level what with the tables so close was off the charts .
this truck always seems to park itself by my work or home i like the oreo cupcakes i usually have to purchase the cookies from the bakery location .
honestly have experienced such better square slices in brooklyn than here but has a great  .
excellent cupcakes .
i do not see the hype over this place the pizza was ehh spumoni i can definitely live without .
love them great novelty pricey buy yummy .
i ate here yesterday seeing they had a b rating i didnt mind it because they have a good reputation the next morning i wake up not feeling well turns out i got food poisoning and had to leave work dont think ill be going back ever .
chicken and waffles with bloody marys very delicious the service was awesome the  are ok but the chicken and waffles were insane i will be back shortly for more chicken and waffles .
the square slices are too saucy and the round slices are nothing special .
silk has been one of the best vibes in the city great djs on the weekends and a creative and broad menu mark b has done a great job with the place .
this place is 40 yrs past its prime over priced pizza it was good back in the 70s not now .
went here on a date after a recommendation from a friend the hostess was a bit  but the rest of the staff was on point leslie the bartenderserver was great and very friendly everything we had was delicious and perfectly cooked .
nothing special i tried the square slice the regular slice i tried the  sandwiches and nothing special theres are so many good place around brooklyn .
this place is always good i went here recently for brunch and had a delicious mediterranean omlette which i ate out in the garden even the coffee was delicious i have been here for lunch and the food is always tasty i also like the funky decor .
sorry excuse for an italian restaurant try papa  in manhattan beach instead .
if youre a fan of fried green tomatoes get here early they go quickly .
never in my life has a place made me feel unwanted in their restaurant another hispanic family walked out after sitting for 15 min and not even water was brought out to them smh never coming back .
had a great time beer selection was great wings were awesome staff was very friendly and helpful during the entire stay .
seriously whats the big deal with this place ive been here twice had the pizza and thought meh .
i came here for brunch with my boo and it was absolutely amazing service food drinks and atmosphere were all perfection it was nice to see a manager so involved great job guys .
not a fan i dont see what all the hype is about sorry .
dinner is good not amazing however brunch is fantastic i wake up on the weekends craving their chicken and waffles i love the chicken and waffles chicken and waffles here are so good did i mention they have chicken and waffles .
i hadnt been here in a few years and was pretty excited to go i was not pleasantly surprised place was dirty and the wait staff was horrible the pasta we ordered was completely over done pizza was still good though .
what a great outdoor brunch service was spot on she had the sensational lemon ricotta pancakes  rhubarb compote i had the tasty and savory bees breakfast burrito waitress was cheerful and we were not at all rushed the result of our experience we can has brunch perfection .
its doughy with bland sauce and tasteless cheese it just cant compete with the other pizza institutions patsys  artichoke etc on a positive note its cheap and quick .
decided to get chicken and waffles from here but wasnt too satisfied with it my friend got the shrimp burger and i ended up eating half of it it was amazing .
i was very happy to try the sicilian pizza here but it was nothing special the highlight of my visit here was their spumoni it was very delicious their pastas here were also quite delicious so you can give that a try .
amazing food we was satisfied with everything that came out above all the presentation was spectacular for a diner and key notes to make for the biscuits and sausage gravy and the drenched chicken and waffles not a place to sleep on .
i used to really love the pizza here obviously something has changed i ordered a half tray and to my surprise the outside was totally burnt and somehow the middle was raw the pie was all sauce and no mozzarella whats up with all the grated cheese gross .
everything is good here great prices great shrimp burger best fries everything is made fresh to order and with a little bit of bang .
very crowded  a long time to be seated noise level was incredible food was decent we were a party of 9 and we had to wait for our food  instead of being served together i do not plan to be back .
we came to this place to pregame before going to  i also got an order of the wings pretty good good spot to come and pregame drinks are relatively cheap and service is good .
pizza is mediocre i think they live off their reputation people just follow what theyre told know what u want square or round next no toppings canned soda outdoor seating limited indoor seating havent eaten in restaurant part though .
food is great and love the dancing that goes on in the other side id def eat here again .
you ever had pizza back in  school lunch the kind that comes in a pad looking shape yea thats what the sicilian slice here tasted like cookies and cream icy was not bad though .
everything ive had here is great awesome hard cider on a cold nice is delicious funky atmosphere can get a bit weird late at night during some dj sets but hey thats philadelphia .
this pizza sucks no trace of mozzarella their round has cardboard crust dont bother .
party party party i love thursdays at this spot its a mixed crowd with dj  and mostly  its 5 for guys free for girls only problem is waiting in line to use the bathroom .
lousy people working there no parking there run away from this place dangerous area .
i dont even like potatoes but the french fries here are  always good food kinda slow service but im never in a rush when i go here .
when i was a teenager this was the place to go for the best square slice in town in my opinion they arent as good as they use to be the quality of their pizza went down hill the dough is soggy and undercooked .
best fried chicken you will ever have the entire buttermilk fried chicken entree is excellent thanks to guy fieri for the recommendation on ddd .
overrated appetizer is bland dining entrance has uninviting smell service however is nice and accommodating overrated appetizer is bland dining entrance has uninviting smell service however is nice and accommodating .
went there for brunch and had awesome smoked salmon benedict and the best bloody mary ive ever had i think they add horseradish .
its called spumoni gardens the spumoni is the best anywhere the pizza never understood the hype or the lines lived in brooklyn over 40 years any corner pizza shop served better pizza if you want a better pie before your spumoni head over to  or lucali .
had dinner here with my daughter i had the rueben sandwich which was very good the fries that came with were excellent i sampled my daughters macaroni ad cheese and it was delish great service ate outside on a nice fall evening .
its average pizza at best i cant believe the  this place receives however the rainbow spumoni was awesome this is not pilgrimage pizza you need not make it a priority to get here .
great specials not bad service get the empanada  well worth the drive from jersey .
i am underwhelmed its overpriced far away too much hype first time i wrote such a short review very disappointed only good thing about it was the guy who took me here hes hot  that is why i gave it at least two stars .
oh man really hip little joint good food love the vibe probably best for groups of 24 and not at all busy for a late dinner during the week looking forward to my next trip back to philly to enjoy another meal here .
overpriced overrated and over crowded and the pizza isnt really that good .
went for brunch always a fun menu great staff and good food fab drinks patio is open and a great place for a little fun in the sun .
i dont get it the regular slices here are terrible mushy and cold the square pie it ok but i have had way better the sauce is way too sweet .
only been here at night the place is always full of dancing and fun .
this review is based on customer service at the pizza counter not the restaurant ever since the real owners sold the business to a bunch of these guys are horrible nasty attitudes .
great brunch spot had the chicken and waffles per a friends recommendation and it didnt disappoint .
i only have one word overrated thats all its over rated over sauced bland pizza with too long of a wait .
lounge is good for the sundae parties .
if you ever  what  ketchup on soggy dough tastes like get a square from lb its just nasty im a native new yorker and id rather eat  than eat at lb .
loved it will definitely be returning .
loud music the place got on my  staff is rude and the owner is so full of himself .
currently dancing my labor day wkend  hey silk city .
dont go out of your way only if you live right i mean right next door guess im spoiled by brooklyn cant give 12 star .
i go here all the time food is fresh and consistent staff is great and they seem to have little turnover which keeps things familiar fantastic outdoor area when weather permits and its a pretty cool night spot its got it all .
i was disappointed by this restaurant the dishes were salty and it took a long time before they came out we ordered the green curry and phat see ew we also ordered dessert which was only mediocre .
the food is rich wholesome and delicious albeit slightly too salty .
food is great atmosphere is great service is medium horrible and the card machine stopped working while we were here  fault but you could have let us know what was happening so that we werent at the table waiting forever for our check .
one more reason to love silk city their shrimp and grits is soooooo goood .
waiter r no nice because i am asian you thinking i will give you bad tip the way look me like that let me tell you i always give more than  you miss it enjoy the 1 tip for give me a water .
after living here for 10 years finally made it silk city fried chicken eggs benedict cider hash shrimp and grits need i go on i left happy and will be back .
its just pizza ok but not wow like any other pizza joint .
menu is creative and food is amazing casual great for brunch after a crazy night and will have enough money even with the insane bar tab from night before .
blah terrible you shouldnt go there totally kidding its as amazing as everyone else has written just wish people would stop heaping praise on it so i could get a table once in a while .
big heaping portions huge outdoor area friendly service cool decor what more could you ask for ive only been here for brunch and have only had to wait more than five minutes once great neighborhood gem .
very rude staff overpriced pizza was all crust with very little stuff on it would not recommend .
this place is really cool the atmosphere is great i really enjoyed the music and dancing the dj was really good and mostly played mj and other old school dance music although it was crowded on a saturday night it did not feel overwhelmingly so .
i can only speak for the pizza since i ordered take out the price of a pie is extremely expensive 24 and the taste is not so good not  .
i can really only comment about thursday night at this place it always to seems to draw a good crowd and has good music the diner is amazing i rate it 5 stars due to taste and  overall it is a 4 5 start venue .
service was terrible .
love love love this place great food great service and the owner is awesome always enjoy a trip here .
really bad management of seating people very annoying waiters too .
been here a couple if times there is outdoor seating when weather permits expect comfort food fusion and you will find something to eat parking is metered on spring garden enjoy .
the worst of the worst of what brooklyn has to offer all hype and bad attitude awful .
love the outdoor patio seating hubby had the burger and i had absolutely delis shrimp bisque followed by appetizer fish tacos which was plenty the beer selection is outstanding cannot wait to go back service was friendly and quick .
entirely hype and kind of a bad joke the pizza  little if at all from any of several hundred other slightly upscale pizzerias in nyc yes its cozy and intimate and yes its hard to get in this is not the recipe for tasty pizza however .
really fun place good food music awesome drinks i really recommend going i love the look and feel of this restaurant .
lucali lose the attitude folks if you want to wait outside for hours to be served regular ny style pizza by bitchy waitresses then this is the place for you otherwise dont waste your time and money not worth the trip .
great place to eat at been a few different times and every time i def have the thai glazed wings great desserts and burgers too only knock is them not having bigger screens for the  games .
overrated pizza good but not as amazing as everybody says cheese was very tasty but crust was way  1 5 hour wait and 28 for margarita pizza that is way hyped up .
my philly omelet was good and service was quick and friendly had no idea however that metered street parking would be this expensive in philly ouch .
overrated i really dont get the hype difaras continues to be the best in brooklyn in my opinion has been for almost a decade now certainly not worth the wait even though its local i dont even bother .
they are really stepping their game up in terms of the brunch options here recently loved the shrimp grits  benedict keep up the good work silk .
its certainly good pizza but not worth the wait go to sams where there will never be a wait and the pizza is just as good if not better .
i love the silk city salad and the cheese fries are to  the staff is awesome and the music there at night is great .
not that good much better italian in the city staff was a disgrace food subpar only plus byob .
nice for brunch i hear the lines get long great servers .
last time i ate here the food was way oversalted also its over priced for what you get they need to lower the prices or give you a little more my check is always a little like what where did we go tonight im still in nutley .
different not your traditional diner food but a little  .
bugs on bugs on bugs in my pho tai and a stink bug my friends bu   beef cubes manager did not handle situation professionally and did not offer an apology for the foods never going there again .
favorite place to dance in the city food is pretty good too .
worst pho i ever had 80 water hardly any meat or noodles dont recommend .
the place just works on either side of the front door what i know and love is the diner and now the outdoor garden consistently wonderful .
i went there two weeks ago on sunday noon there were not much customers over there we ordered summer roll and one beef combo pho both of them are not impressed to me the store is located in nutley downtown area the price is reasonable service is fine .
good little wait but we expected that it is sunday after all .
decidedly mediocre id go back if i was driving by and desperately hungry certainly would not recommend .
another place my daughter saw on ddd funky place pretty easy to find parking food was good and service was pleasant went once for brunch and once for dinner outside dining is nice also .
ok vietnam fare nothing special nothing special .
diner and lounge now youre  my language a great spot to catch the dj spinning dance your ss off and vibe the vibe what could be better a diner next door to end the evening with a fresh tasty bite .
i am quite disappointed about this restaurant the service was bad i waited for more than 50 minutes and my food was still not ready the restaurant was not even that busy perhaps the kitchen was not in  with the front desk i gave up .
didnt have any food there but got plenty of drinks from an awesome asian bartender one thursday with my friend im not a dancer but the music selection was alright too mostly old school   hip hop rb and  .
i feel like this place is hit or miss this weekend it was a real miss food was not hot and wings were swimming in sauce kind of gross .
its hard to beat a summer night on the patio with good company the dinner menu is woohoo .
not a good effort by the staff and kitchen tonight been many times this was not a good showing drinks were fine food was not very good .
this place is the bomb  a diner with an outside patio and music  attached i mean cmon also the food is  good .
cute interior but unfortunately that was the best thing about the place mediocre food choices hardly any gluten free options and absolutely abysmal service when there was hardly anyone else in the place never again .
wonderful surprise strong beer selection wings were exceptional would definitely go again not a traditional diner type food and that is a compliment .
this is a great looking place that could be really successful if they got a decent cook a shame to waste an interior like this in a town that has nothing else just doesnt make any sense .
super old school a city landmark good music and a diner connected what more could you ask for .
a nice place with nice servers but the service was a little slow and the food was extremely underseasoned a shame since its so close to where i live .
best mac cheese they actually have really great food for what seems to be a diner connected to a dance party i also enjoy the wings tuna sandwich sushi grade what up .
ordered soup and salad for lunch got a  tiny cup of soup and a straight out of the bag salad for 13 just insane i was still hungry when i left and i am not a big eater way too overpriced for mediocre food .
great  .
not good we waited forever to get served the food was expensive with tiny portions and the service was very poor if your just going to have drinks it looks like thats the way to go i wont be going back .
great food great atmosphere great service best bartenders in the city  slice  ftw .
i think many of us in  ridge would like this place better if the bartenders had some personality and were a bit friendlier just sayin .
name me a single other restaurant where you can get steak and eggs with grated truffles truffle vinaigrette for 14 im still waiting .
food service mediocre way too noisy .
been going here for years specials are usually the best meatloaf is great too great music and cool decor can get crowded but worth the wait .
awful service food came out tainted with plastic and spoiled ceasar dressing on different  never going back owner didnt care and was put off by the fact we were upset .
good food always good music monday night for back 2 basics w king  or sundays for reset never a bad time here always super fun friendly people that are there to have a good time .
horrible hostess staff super condescending and unhelpful very disappointing must be a heavy weight on the business .
love this spot i pretty sure its vegan friendly lots of good drinks music desserts .
arrogant waiter and small portions .
consistently good beer delicous food and good service in a cool casual setting love the outdoor seating .
if only if they tried less on presentation an more on quality it would be a food place the chef should come to miami and have some cooking classes from the cubans the service was good .
this is a great place one of my favorite places to go in philadelphia .
save the 85 so you dont have to be  plus the waitress compared to the raw egg that came on a spoon you will leave hungry .
one of my favorite spots for sure food is  amazing as well as the service the garden area was extremely well thought out and executed good work keep it up .
you should not go during peak hour the tapas i had yesterday was  by salt and the food was not delicious at all .
loved it i was in town for a girls weekend and this place was so fun great dj so fun to dance cheap beers very crowded though .
very average meal nothing was bad but nothing was exceptional had shrimp scallops crab stuffed poblano chorizo wild mushrooms i really think i could make better myself or at least as good .
very good cocktails fun  crowd and amazing food when you want to pay the money .
 not that good .
drinks good dancing good brunch amazing wait for brunch not as amazing two blocks away excellent .
good wasnt bad service wasnt bad either but wasnt pro level forgot to bring our drinks then more several times i have to leave 2 stars but not more .
favorite place to go dance for some reason i just have to drink a crappy miller high life while im there its just the  ive never been to the diner side because im normally to  dancing .
i thought this restaurant was overrated definately does not live up to the hype food is fine just not as spectacular as people said ambience is also lame tables for two about as small as a newspaper dont get all the fuss .
we came here with a group of 30 after a birthday party  dj did not  my brother is somewhere between chris brown and michael jackson for all time best dancer and the dance floor provided adequate space for him to show off his moves .
i was unimpressed our waitress was not attentive and made is feel like we were an inconvenience the food was forgettable i will return to give it a second chance since everyone else seems to have had a great experience .
love the atmosphere the djs the vibe the drinks the food the bartenders the people my favorite dance spot .
wow shockingly overrated spent about 150 a pop and was very disappointed everything was either bland or underwhelming nothing special and a big waste of money maybe it was an off day .
greaaaat breakfast spot i went here before it changed hands so i dont know if its still good stuff .
ive been to amada many times over the year i would say it is one of the best tapas however with my recent dinner visit i got a major stomach  which im still  4 days i may have to think about going back again .
i love silk city this is a staple in philadelphia the food is only trumped by the awesome atmosphere of a 50s diner that can only be found in philadelphia .
the food doesnt suck but the service level does its the only restaurantbar that ive ever ever walked out of twice cool layout and design but i wouldnt go back for a 3rd try .
silk city diner was amazing it is one of the first places i went to when i came to philadelphia it made me feel right at home and all of the food was phenomenal man i miss it .
great ambiance but food was sub par yelp reviews looked good so i was surprised by the quality .
oh how i miss thee let me count the ways .
very cute rustic place food is average at best soft undercooked pretzels that we had to wait for 25 minutes bland mushroom tart with arugula good selection of wines and beers ok service plenty of better places in alphabet city .
i really love this place ive never sat inside and mostly just get takeout but their food is always fabulous and homey definitely recommend .
awful we had mixed vegetables and chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce they must have dropped the salt shaker in the food never again .
we have only dined in the restaurant area  is outstanding and comes out hot service is wonderful always they never rush you byob .
dont know whats going on there the quality is going down considering how expensive the food is .
good pizza .
my husband almost choked on a piece of plastic while eating some lo mein makes we wonder about cleanliness of this place .
grandma pizza is awesome .
ive been ordering from here for years its been worth the extra cost because the food has been superior the last few times ive been disappointed though the spices have been off everything is bland even dishes labeled spicy tonight my  beef was also very tough .
this was a great restaurant that we found thanks to yelp the food was outstanding the people great and the portions huge recommended .
this is chinese food for people who dont know any better very average food with the usual suspects on the menu if you want true authentic chinese go to  1 on route 23 next to staples that is the real deal .
love this place i always get the oysters brunch is wonderful and i get something new for dinner each time can be chilly in the cold  maybe the heater wasnt working that day .
the rudest woman answers the phone she is driving business away if she is not the owner they should definitely fire her they are losing business because of her food was nothing special so why bother .
brunch review say yes to the french press coffee steak and eggs mexican breakfast plate the ambiance is great for twos fours and six and  service is fantastic .
disgusting dangerous my wife and i are both at the hospital with food poisoning after eating at this death trap eat at your own risk to make matters worse the food was revolting i would rather die than eat here again .
great oyster specials for happy hour wide selection in oysters the lengua was good as well the menu changes from time to time keeping it fresh .
the drinks were overpriced and the bartenders repertoire of drinks was extremely limited .
very tasty and elegant the other reviews are right just back from lunch yum yum .
18 00 for two breakfast sandwiches and a coffee really it it was processed crap not worth it would have  a mcdonalds then this .
we have been coming here for almost 2 years and everything we have tried has been amazing i really recommend it .
first of all this is in terminal c not b second dont eat here staff was nice but i had some very questionable chicken in my sandwich yuck .
the food was incredible highly recommend the french toast mac n cheese and pancakes the only reason i left one star off was due to service little slow that should def not detour you though this place is a must .
the most blend expensive  sandwich ever and personnel is a bit rude too stay away from this .
we ate dinner here on a sunday night the food was unusual and delicious the atmosphere was very comfortable and attractive the service was outstanding .
the customer service was ridiculous the employees knew nothing about the menu and made a simple  super tedious the food was toooo greasy and not what i expected theres room for  though .
yum yum yum this is my favorite spot for brunch in the slope they even have seating outside for those nice summer days they tacos are excellent and by far my favorite .
stopped in today and tried a blt grilled cheese not enough cheese the bread was greasy and served in a cardboard boat the price for the sandwich was over seven dollars not worth it .
one of the best omelets french one on the menu i have ever had the french press was also great in fact the butter for the bread was great the service was outstanding as well i am def coming back soon .
meh food was okay an alternative to our usual repertoire colors in space are obnoxious space is too big for the amount of people that were actually there really would love it if they switched locations with red eye .
very very good food strongly recommended to everyone who is around everything was very fresh and super tasty plus very polite service one of my fav place in this neighborhood .
while the service was great the food was incredibly bland very disappointed with my visit and i would not recommend it you could get better mac and cheese from  .
came here for brunch and loved it the food and drinks are great i highly recommend coming on a beautiful day to use their back  area inside has a cool vibe as well will definitely be a regular brunch spot .
first night wuz good second night def not bland sloppy disappointed .
great brunch place nice latin inspired creations attentive service pleasantly surprised by complimentary buttermilk biscuit prosciutto and mole sauce aperitif rustic decor with cool ambiance sinatra and louis   highly recommend .
i have been here before and loved it beware though that yelp says it is open when it is not call first .
great service staff is very friendly food was well presented and tasty the scallops with polenta were ok but not amazing the scallops were a bit too fishy for me .
the food is on the  side but i buy from here only because they deliver .
went here for valentines day brunch delicious food great service our waiter brought us a free bread pudding sample courtesy of the kitchen our coffee came in individual french  fresh squeezed grape fruit juice will definitely return next time im in brooklyn .
this place is totally not worth the wait seriously the food is no big deal and the staff is rude the lady in charge of seating is not professional at all and favors certain customers over others save the frustration and spend your money elsewhere .
excellent brunch scrambled eggs were soft and made to perfection definitely order a side of their corn  bacon yummy service was great staff was super friendly owner was there and very hospitable .
worst service ever almost killed my friend who as food allergy shame on u and ur unprofessional staff .
great brunch friendly wait staff good environment .
hated it the seafood was extremely fishy including the shrimps the chicken kabob was chewy and u only get dessert if u come early enough in the day dont waste your time .
visited for brunch the french press coffee alone is worth it small busy with exceptional food expect to wait but you wont regret it .
greasy and over cooked lines are forever but the place gave me indigestion both times i went better place next door .
beautiful space delicious food the sauce on the chilaquiles is so good its hard not to come here every weekend for brunch .
i dont understand what the fuss is about this place is mediocre at best the food was pretty bland had to salt everything the only thing that was outstanding was the octopus for good greek food there are much better choices in astoria like  and  .
great atmosphere great breakfast delicious french press overall great experience they lost one star for price prices seem extremely high for breakfast 17 for a breakfast sandwich is just ridiculous .
bad customer service large greek salad is smaller than the small salad no seasoning for the fried calamari .
outdoor seating awesome brunch menu and homemade  .
save your time and your money subpar food and service .
great coffee perfect eggs baked beans that sing .
cash only tip so because theyre greek they dont have to play by the same rules as other restaurants food is good though at times somewhat plain andor heavy definitely overrated by zagat .
super delicious  goodness ive been here twice and would go back again i highly recommend this spot .
according reviews from yelp my boyfriend and i went there yesterday and i am so disappointed i order fillet of sole and fish was so taste my boyfriend order greek style burger and meat was dry .
fantastic very well thought out dishes subtle flavors high quality ingredients and very good service reasonably priced i will definitely be going back there .
pretty good greek food .
had breakfast and it was awesome great service overall very friendly staff tasty food ambience highly recommended .
food is deelish but  seriously treat you like  here the service is horrible they should take reservations and they always let their own kind skip their not own kind but i am definitely used to that being from astoria sorry but its the truth .
decor is so lovely grain salad delicious this would be a nice place to come with group of friends or on a date .
good food but too much arrogance on the ordering front so much  from the front desk i would love some understanding .
the mexican egg sandwich is excellent this place also has cool family kitchen vibe which makes it nice on a sunday morning like having brunch at a friends place .
be prepared to wait an hour for mediocre food and really poor service make it two if youre not a greek male .
good food good service good environment the food is wholesome and well seasoned i have been coming here for 34 years now and i i have always had a good dining experience here .
if deep fried fish in lard is good food then i guess the reviews make sense terrible food its the mcdonalds of greek food .
oysters and wine are amazing .
i do not understand why people adore this place the fish is not amazing nor particularly fresh the service is horrible the tables are too close and the locale is too loud there are both better fish  greek places in astoria .
amazing from start to finish nice bright space an amuse bouche to start delicious coffee incredible flavor  long list of specialty oysters and to die for desert presentation top notch yes ill be back .
im turned off by the owner writing a review of  own bar nobody in their right mind would write a review that extensive hence the owner writing the review .
the best brunch around nice staff a perfect place order anything its all good .
made my coworker sick from tuna at lunch decor is average bathrooms were messy .
i was there few months back with my girlfriend and the food and service of this place are amazing and the owner of the place was very very nice .
food was extremely subpar for the price slow unattentive service .
absolutely perfect for outdoor brunch great french press coffee and menu selections recommend the pork belly which my friend and i split i had the chicken salad which was interesting owner is really nice chatted with us for a while overall highly recommend for brunch with friends .
food and service were ok but nothing to write home about .
one of my favorites in the neighborhood i love the egg sandwich on the brioche everything at this place tastes so fresh and the ingredients are top notch .
meh it was okay youve got so many better options in philly i wouldnt worry about checking out this one .
wow without words just go youve got to go went for dinner now extremely curious about their brunch kind of pricey but every bite is worth the money great for a romantic date .
sorry yelpers i placed this review for the wrong location my review is supposed to be for the  w broadway new york ny    st thomas st in tribeca restaurant ive never  to this location .
probably the best service ive ever had at a restaurant we felt like we were guests in their home the food was creative flavorful and quality definitely on our short list for park slope .
bland mussels  service was meh indifferent .
great brunch spot fresh food and good service .
shit coffee and the owner is a dick was pissed with me when he didnt know what a  latte meant sandwich was ok .
i love this place the food the service both outstanding one of my favorites in  you will not be disappointed .
 them a star because despite knowing they have terrible service i keep coming back to be  at their terrible service if only they could swap the staff at this location with their e  street location .
love their brunch loved lengua y papas my husband loved his huevos rancheros their coffee is very good also .
hostess has no idea what she should do have been waiting for an hour and saw people after us are getting seated .
great brunch spot really cute tastefully decorated space with a menu thats diverse yet knowing in its  our server was a little awkward we had to ask for a few common sense basics cream with my coffee please but ill definitely be back .
not only did the place smell like cat pee was louder than any other place ive been to had weird waiters and bad coffee but i managed to sit on a piece of gum that ruined my pants gosh .
incredible food service and ambiance the roasted garlic they serve everyone to start is the best and the veg tacos amazing gorgeous outside patio highly recommend .
wait really tiny portions and totally overpriced ok fine the waffle is pretty good but its tiny as f the lobster omelette was the special for that day it was  nothing exciting .
ive eaten here a handful of times great food wine atmosphere super friendly staff did i mention the food is great ps pork belly ftw .
  to the manhattan brunch crowd with sweet greasy obvious dishes like croque monsieur and nutella baguette nothing french about this place except the mediocre service .
one of my favorite places for both brunch and dinner i agree with other reviewers about the attentive service and delicious food went for valentines dinner last year and we are already talking about making plans for next february .
food was ok went for brunch however i didnt find the place very clean wont go back .
 is really good there too bad they dont serve espresso i also like the decor need to go back and check if service and prices deserve 5 stars .
i used to like it here for dinner for brunch its so cute but the last time i was there i saw some roaches crawling around so i cant be going here anymore .
really cute place and unlike most of the other reviewers i came here for dinner the service was wonderful everyone was friendly and helpful the food was great really well made and fresh i really was super satisfied with the whole experience and would happily come back .
meh i had a prosciutto and mozzarella baguette sandwich there was barely any prosciutto and the baguette was soo difficult to eat i was literally fighting with it i had to gnaw and rip through the bread like an animal ill have to try something else here .
the tacos were fresh and delicious the veg platter was flavorful and inventive i cant complain about a restaurant that caters to vegan palates with ease and commitment to quality .
weve been to  twice and its always terrible i cant understand how this place gets 5 star reviews the food overpriced and lacks taste the service is average and restaurant needed cleaning .
the best olives wed ever had coriander kind of a sweet taste underneath that good sardines pork juicy and bright a marmalade made out of something id never heard  bread pudding with vanilla and lots of  also good roasted capers  .
this place was not a good restaurant there was a weird smell at my table the steak was okay and the chicken was terrible byob is the only plus to this place .
best brunch in park slope hands down amazing coffee local and sustainable ingredients and fresh juices the service is always friendly especially the manager its a warm atmosphere with delicious food not to miss .
wanted a special meal that did not happen way over priced the room was nothing special without a reservation felt like a second class citizen the fly did not help the situation will not return .
this was our second visit and the staff has consistently been friendly and courteous the twist of flavors always takes us by surprise the laid back attitude and atmosphere allowed us to enjoy our long brunch with no rush truly a gem in the neighborhood .
its not for everyone .
love love love watermelon juice straight up and chilled delish this place makes me feel like we are in a beach town having a vacation kind of brunch what doesnt sound good about that .
great beer decor and food but this women bartender whos great at what she does has the worst attitude doesnt care that youre staring at her and waiting for your bill after having asked for it twice place wasnt even that busy check your issues at the door .
fresh delicious food great service casual but refined atmosphere byob fantastic prix fix highly recommend .
this bar sucked first off where does a bar when asked for bacardi do they tell the customer this isnt a rum bar its a whiskey bar second when do you ever see a bar being cleaned with bleach while patrons are still inside .
my favorite restaurant in the slope they care about everything from the incredibly delicious scrambled eggs to the lovely honey for tea they know how to do everything well and with elegance .
seriously this is what you think the area needs no thanks uncomfortable seating draught menu on some screen i couldnt read train station atmosphere .
ive never had better mexican food in the us definitely what i miss most from the year i lived in  someone please send me a j .
seafood very salty n not fresh never again .
good food best in town i recommend that you come to this family restaurant if you are in the area .
the problem here is the service it has been the problem since day one and is still the problem no matter what you order it takes forever you can order a beer here walk to  drink a beer walk back here and still wait for your beer .
i like this place a lot they treat you like family here very respectful to the customers that come here the pizza is very good and not a thick crust you can eat a slice of pizza while watching a football or baseball game here .
got to the pub around 1030pm on st  day no fucking irish music absolute fucking bullshit .
probably the best bar pie ive ever had great atmosphere waitress was a little inattentive .
i like the more traditional irish bar setting ordered the  pie should be a no brainer it was greasy mentioned it to the bartender didnt seem to care kinda shrugged it off .
friendly large neighborhood place excellent fried chicken great cheese steak good staff .
theyre just ok pizza is actually way too expensive though .
the new park tavern has been around for many many years located across the  in e rutherford opens early and closes late great food and good drinks lots of tvs and plenty of sport channels on without the big prices .
actually no stars not good there are a ton of great pizzas in the area ordered sausage counted only 6 strips on pie not good people are nice there but im paying for good pizza .
best pizza around theres a large bar up front a nice size restaurant in the back have never been disappointed with anything ive gotten there price is good for the area .
just a sloppy pie try sams giant pizza on  ave lyndhurst great pie .
great pizza great antipasto platter and the drinks are stiff only downside is sometimes it gets too crowded and noisy but hey its a barrestaurant .
ive eaten here several times as its one of the only indian food options in hanover the food is always hit or miss my only suggestion is not to go when they open during that time food is never fresh just reheated from the morning .
great family restaurant or late night spot to hang out and grab a drink excellent pizza and outstanding mussels my dads favorite place in the world .
we drove to this place for dinner from north of white mountains for some 80 miles for the fall season the restaurant was quite busy dal makhani was average chilli paneer was a little sweet and not what chilli paneer you would think of naans were good .
this place is great fun atmosphere not ridiculously crowded good music people etc the pizza is delicious service was pretty good too .
they need to fix there gps location landed in someones backyard hope they can fix this soon .
amazing thin crust pizza huge salads cheap and strong drinks the loss of the star is for the weekend crowd and some of the  locals but the service is friendly and most food great .
disappointing i was excited to try this place but my takeout was barely edible curry was bland and soupy naan was charred and all the food was cold best part was the homemade chutneys and perfect rice bottom line  your expectations for this  jewel .
great place for pizza and mussels the stuffed artichoke was a disappointment bar area is big an a lot of locals plenty of seating in the dinning area .
the entree of chicken tikka masala was okay but all the items on the veggie platter appetizer were refried to the point were they were dripping with oil the samosa literally had oil  falling out of the interior .
my girlfriend got me into this place great pizza drink prices are nice and the atmosphere is good .
pricy because its the only indian place in town their breads are especially ridiculously priced and not even cooked properly i think i cook better indian food any day .
my favorite spot been going here for years friendly staff great pizza love the mussels and mozzarella sticks .
used to be a regular at the jewel the food tasted very good and authentic two of us got  than pigs one time and ive never been back .
great food love their pizza the thin crust is delicious they also make a great eggplant parm parking is a little annoying but good besides that .
hubby i have been here maybe 3 times once for the sunday brunch buffet the food is soso and although it is a nice change in cuisine style it does feel somewhat overpriced .
i luv their small pies i lived in  across from grimaldis i also worked in a pizza parlor as a kid a good thin crust crispy pie .
the pizza was tasty and service was freindly but my husband and i dont think it worth 36 for one pizza with two toppings the special toppings are 6 to 8 bucks each we are not going back .
ice cold beer and great food what more do you need to know .
smells bad and while the owner is awesome the food isnt american as i thought it  be .
pretty good place pizza is great steaks are large and beer cold problem service sucks .
i wouldnt recommend this place at all really bad service and dirty inside towards the end of the evening plates were left on tables and the kitchen was a mess .
this pizza is da bomb it just is we were in jersey this weekend and had to get our  fix it is consistently good and crispy the way it should be check out the new park tavern which in reality is about 75 years young .
service was great salads were good you should stop there soup was salty adding cheese  it saltier sauce on pasta was terrible its ashamed because they have homemade pasta sauce was not good on any entree do not recommend .
awesome pizza strong drinks giant bar what more do you need lol .
was not impressed at all the tomatoes for the caprese salad looked and tasted like they came from a can the entrees were subpar .
great place to go for a beer and an awesome thin crust pizza great service bring the family and sit in the back or go and hang with friends in the front bar either way it will be a fun tasty night .
only ate here once and had  sandwich it was fairly flavorless unlike my   also the rest of their menu seemed very expensive will consider giving them a second chance maybe .
i suggest sitting in the back i like the pizza the gennaro steak sandwich and the artichokes .
it says on there website in  we deliver that is wrong they dont called to place an order for delivery on four different occasions and every time the answer was sorry we cant deliver why advertise it in the first place then .
had  roll and mountain roll both were delicious .
i  like  and workers are terrible .
it was recommended by a friend and we came here for lunch it was good price for the portion i ordered the lunch box had a piece of salmon fried rice salad and soup the salmon was fresh and it was well cooked .
somewhat bland food atmosphere is nice though .
fresh sushi that was made to order the sashimi came in generous slices the bento box was really filling and was definitely worth 20 the service was somewhat slow but i really cant complain because they were busy and everything was being prepared fresh worth the wait .
went there with high expectations started off well until my wife discovered sharp tiny bones in her burger manager refused to allow us to pay thankfully no  done but really dont know how they manage their quality .
favorite sushi place good variety in offerings nice creative rolls and always fresh .
decent but dark ambiance great drink selection but extremely crappy food i ordered a flatbread pizza it was served cold and the mozzarella was hard it was as if they took some bread put sauce and cheese on it and never put it in an oven disgusting .
decent and average sushi place miso soup seemed a bit salty compared to other sushi joints but sushi was fresh veggie fried rice was a bit oily service was good and quick .
came here for happy hour with my co workers the vibe was wack the food and happy hour drinks were good there was a good variety of happy hour drinks wasnt fun tho so we moved on to another spot .
great sushi seaweed salad was good too sushi delivery amazing delivered over on the promise quoted 35 minutes was at hotel door in 25 minutes .
its like taking a trip to 2010 it   itself a gastropub serves chipotle aioli and blasts  snow and passion pit maybe ill be a bit more nostalgic for those days in a few years but right now it just seems like this bar got stuck .
i like the rice here a lot the fish is good not standout but certainly not bad i think fu sha is generally better but this place is a little closer to my house and so gets my business quite a bit .
no phone number found on the yelp listing so we couldnt make a reservation when we arrived there was a  wait we went elsewhere to eat .
one of my favorite places i never order from the menu instead i ask them to pick 3 rolls of their choice and each time it turns to be a delicious surprise definitely recommend this place to all sushi lovers .
closed replaced by sidewalk cafe which seems to be a  improvement .
my husband and i went here for sushi one evening we were very happy with the food and service the prices were great as well we will be coming back for sure .
dont get the appeal so many other places r better .
good but more expensive for me and my high school friends .
i have given this place a couple of  to redeem itself but it turns out to be the worst hot dog place in nj .
great location friendly owners and great tasting pizza cant wait to go back soon .
this resturant includes  chongqing  shanghai and  cuisines so you can know there is no  could be an  as four cuisines in one  i wont come back again btw the waitress looks like lazy and unprofessional .
i  the homemade meatball sandwich twas up to par super tasty the small was big enough for me the large would barely fit in my  ill definitely hit this place up again .
a huge thumbs down on the sushi it was like eating a bar of margarine .
just order it today and im writing a review the same day just because is amazing wow perfect pizza i just became a regular .
over 45 min to get sashimi i didnt get it but when i finally ate a piece i got it it was still icy cold ew obviously not fresh sushi just frozen  .
rarely do you have a supreme pizza that is still very much crispy not noticeably soggy at all when you take it home superb craftsmanship .
i would have been really happy but my chicken was undercooked on the inside id definitely try mood cafe it is worth it but just beware of undercooked meat everything else we ordered came out well done .
best pizza i can get within atleast 20 miles good prices too .
my first time ordering i am not a fan of the crab rangoon not sure what they stuffed them with it surely was not cream cheese not sure if ill order from here again or not .
ive been going there since  when their first location was in rutgers plaza i believe its one the best pizza out there i can eat their pizza everyday its a little tricky to find .
it does get good points for decor but food is really salty in this place saltier than any chinese joint pad thai is straight from a box you can make a better one than what they make .
great food great service great view .
huge portions soup blows fish was good service is practically nonexistent we are sitting and waiting for a waitress most of the time and the sauces are in the bags touch of fast food .
i love this place nice location great food great drinks .
lunch menu was extremely limited i went with the pad thai as it is a simple dish and usually consistent among different restaurants the pad thai was tasteless and worse not even warm i actually feel a little  now .
a nice casual restaurant with a fantastic view of the lake prices are reasonable and serving sizes plentiful the food was fresh and tasted great service was accommodating without being overbearing would definitely come here again .
i dont understand the reviews for this place personally i had a simple spicy noodle and chicken dish that was in edible it was soggy cold and flavorless i would never eat here again yuck .
good food and service decent prices .
first time eating thai so i didnt know what to expect what i did find was an overpriced lunch special with not enough protein in the dish utter disappointment honestly .
i tried the seafood marinara it was so good decent prices and the food is good also a nice view of the lake .
didnt like service poor gave us food without utensils when we asked it took us asking 3 t  serve serve appetizers in baskets didnt give us dish .
chill and yummy i like the atmosphere perfect for dining after a long work day the waiter explained every dish cant go wrong with the polenta .
this food made me physically ill the chicken and noodle dish i ordered was a hot entree but when brought to the table nothing was hot it was almost warm never again .
very busy tonight especially for a tuesday service suffered a little but the food is worth the wait broccoli  appetizer is always good but the new addition brussels sprouts was delish but esp for honey lovers oxtail ragu pasta was very good as well .
found this very lackluster and not worthy of the hype rolls and tacos were just ok its def one of the fancier asian fusion spots versus an actual japanese restaurant just ok food not worth the and a long long wait .
loud but fun and funky atmosphere .
in short the fish is not fresh when i pointed this out to the waiter he just shrugged i definitely would not come back .
highly recommend calling head to see if seating available the steak tartar potato bravas and oysters are a must .
this was very disappointing food i came for the brunch and was told it was good food very disappointed with the eggs benedict it came out cold  because i wanted it to be good .
love this place the oysters  and broccoli rabe were all great the patatas bravas are just ridiculously good and service is excellent .
move on there are better choices on restaurant row food was overcooked slow to come out from the kitchen service is fine one of those places where you say to yourself i could have made this better at home and i dont even cook .
i had a good experience here good wine not gonna write a whole  about it .
terrible new waitress made silly and expensive mistakes that we ended up having to pay for the dishes were portioned and over cooked completely different from our last dining experience disappointing all around .
one of the most lovely old  ive had in a while the ambience is nice too it was a fun place to be with my friends from boston .
food was just okay but the service was incredibly slow and rude we got  between floors a couple of times and once we were finally seated our wait really didnt seem to want us to be there .
this place is great for sunday brunch quiet and relaxing great food at reasonable prices definitely one of my favorite brunch locations in brooklyn .
loved the atmosphere great server the food was ordinary upstairs bar way cool .
the food here is great and the service is fabulous the creamy polenta melted me ill make this my weekly go to spot the  italian bartender is to die for ill see you guys soon dev dev xoxo .
completely thrown by how bad a place with 4 stars was i had to we just had pasta beef sliders and tiramisu all were bad .
seriously delicious food fantastic service and staff and a great vibe ive been two or three times try their frozen espresso creme brulee you wont regret it .
we didnt stay after waiting a while for the waiter in addition to the smell of cleaning products it didnt seem worth the time or money to actually have a meal .
the chefs tasting menu is also superb ask for the polenta the best desert ive had in my life worth coming to brooklyn especially for the lemon tart with strawberry and rhubarb compote and   at saint austere grand street brooklyn divine  .
i enjoyed the shrimp  but not enough to go back the service was lacking the waitress forgot not only a beer but the entire meal of one of our party i dont think hell go back either .
delicious food amazing happy hour prices on both food and drink sweet friendly   opened the place and both make an effort to keep customers happy i am a major foodie and would recommend coming to this cozy cute yummy spot .
this is a charming little place to eat at nice to sit and look around the food was o k ive definitely had better i was a bit disappointed i went for dinner so maybe this place is better for drinks and appetizers .
great food amazing prices during happy hour service is phenomenal family run cozy atmosphere .
looked adorable got good yelp reviews but quite frankly didnt deliver both our meals short ribs and ravioli were awful and inedible our waiter was very colorful and entertaining he was the best part of the experience here .
the food is ridiculously good great meatballs and 1 oyster happy hour cmon and the staff is extremely knowledgable when it comes to the wine selection its definitely my goto spot in williamsburg .
ok its not bad its a tiny charming place with prompt friendly service but it really does taste like something you could make at home i am not convinced that was fresh broccoli and was that  spanish rice .
the service here is amazing i can only speak for the oysters which were deliciously fresh and briny ill be back for sure .
drinks are great homemade potato chips are delicious but the pasta is bland and tasteless its pretty hard to screw up pasta with cream sauce and bacon but they somehow managed .
broccoli rabe and polenta were absolutely delicious plus 1 dollar oyster happy hour from 6 to 8 honestly worth the trip over .
i went in there and bought a bag of burgers for my family none of us liked them they were greasy and the bread was stale .
delicious everything we had was amazing every person that worked there was extremely helpful and nice the food was out of this world cant wait to come back .
we purchased a living social for lil burgers and decided to try it out the sliders are really really bad tastes like white castle though they are trying to be trendy the buns are cheap tasting and the meat barely  as meat will not be back .
each dish was thought out and executed with tremendous care end result was an awesome meal i had a fantastic eating experience with my friends hanger steak and tiramisu were the winners .
i was super excited about getting truffle fries but they were out i would have expected them to have everything in stock and be more consistent with their products however what i got was good still dissapointed about not getting the truffle fries though .
superb could not say enough about st austere delicious fantastic wine pairings and such a good value for williamsburg highly recommended do the tasting menu with wines its easily worth the money .
way overpriced and at the location i went to on 6th ave in ny some of the employees were pretty confused slow and forgot to put in my order .
been here twice and i fing love it everything ive had has literally been outstanding warm butternut squash salad polenta meatballs pappardelle and so on my only complaint is that all the food is very rich even the salad .
ordered some grilled tacos got them fried instead small portions high prices they go mostly for style you will leave hungry and unsatisfied .
amazing small plates innovative takes on classic dishes every dish we tried on the tasting menu was superb .
ive had better fish tacos at panda express and would rather eat at the taco bell in penn station than return here .
ive been here twice and both times the food was delicious the place is tiny so there is usually a wait so be prepared but they take your phone number down and will give you a call when the table is ready .
if you go to a  pizza place like  and order anything other than pizza youre in for a bad time im pretty sure the penne vodka has bologna in it .
we enjoyed everything we ordered the octopus the bone marrow the polenta the fried artichoke and cant forget shavings of fried garlic the cauliflower and tuna we will be back .
food quality has gone down at this place i hope it gets better as not many good diners around anymore this place used to be much better than park west diner but now i would say they are about the same in terms of food quality .
love this place great happy hour oysters the steak as well as the polenta are fantastic .
owner refused to let me use the restroom until i sat down and made an order the food was terrible on top of this .
excellent food and great service 35 price fix with an additional 20 wine pairing what could be bad did was great and filling .
waitress was terrible as was the food when i sent back the platter of hummus and vegetables the waitress was bitchy about it would not recommend .
amazing everything was delicious the polenta was  and wine was exceptional they also play hip hop im not sure what could be better dont let the small size fool you definitely worth a visit .
rude employees .
a must for a nice dinner and yummy oysters and coctails .
absolutely disgusting like everything in philly the vomit covered portapotty outside the establishment is cleaner .
great food great service the owners appreciate their regulars and  equally get the pork or duck ragu and of course the polenta .
maybe i am the only one with awful service if a drunk college bar is your vibe you might enjoy just dont expect attentive and friendly service .
started with terrific 1 oysters and  into the 35 tasting menu the whole meal was delicious particularly the polenta the bronzino with  and the partially frozen tiramisu dessert the food was exceptional by far one of the best meals ive had in north brooklyn .
mediocre pub atmosphere with no redeeming qualities and incredibly rude staff there are much better neighborhood pub options nearby .
great great little place 1 oysters happy hour is hard to beat really friendly staff and good service would recommend to anyone i just went for the first time but ill certainly be coming back often .
just dont go trust me .
the tapas were hearty and divine had the polenta broccoli rabe cavatelli pork belly croquetas and grilled octopus the only complaint i have is that i couldnt taste the pork belly in the croquetas i will definitely be back .
 uses their  to  food and garbage between floors after i saw that ill never eat there again .
everything i have tried on the menu is amazing so savory and prepared with care the staff are super nice and they have an amazing wine selection my favorite quiet spot .
sunday afternoon  city shopping was the perfect time to stop in for a pitcher of cold  the house special brew plenty of space good snack food and friendly service whats not to like .
best things about sa great cheese plate nice bartender reasonable prices on good tapas good selection of beer spirits sherry and goat cheese dollar oysters very cheap tasting menu i cant wait to go back .
 yeah more like  nothing but dudes in here fucking place sucks .
if you like small plates this place is great very reasonably priced 5 plates and a bottle of  bucks not bad at all great staff we will be back .
i dont get the attraction to this place it smells like an old wash rag the food is all fried and limp the place is loud even at lunch time and the wait staff is grumpy and i love nostalgia i love irish pubs but this place ew .
youre too good to not be open for sunday date night .
my credit card number was stolen and used at this place not cool someone on the inside is in on this .
amazing staff is always warm and friendly and very knowledgable great wine great good i live a few blocks away and will def be back many many times .
bartender couldnt pour a proper guinness .
holy creamy polenta this place is so awesome .
this place looks like a  kids probably 12 years old are working here and they dont know what the heck they are doing food was good and service was good as well at least they were trying but still not really happy .
the owners are just wonderful the food is delicious the atmosphere is cozy and inviting saint austere is a lovely neighborhood joint where we always are taken great care of .
i came here with my girlfriend and waited longer than 1 hour for them to bring out a couple of omelettes very dissatisfied with the service here and would never come back again .
absolutely delicious what a surprise its not cheap but then who asked us to drink 40 worth of beer one complaint other tables around us got the patatas bravas on the  not us wonder why we definitely  up over 100 .
donuts are greasy they also have a traveling donut truck and they are not reliable .
lived up to all the positive reviews loved it .
huge but too sweet for my taste this place has a restaurant inside .
delicious food and friendly service a bit slow but most dishes were worth it stick with short rib and pork belly skip octopus and bone marrow .
probably under rating it but i ordered the breakfast bowl it has has browns i asked for well done  browns these were barely warm and white there was 4 people in the place so it was not a time issue .
great deal during happy hour owner is awesome good octopus good polenta cant remember everything we had but they were all pretty good menu was intriguing oh i wanted to try their tripe obviously i dont remember a lot since the happy hour was so good .
thanks for not putting up your store hours i get here after 4 pm only to find u guys gone for the day so much for giving you a try based on yelp rating .
love their polenta love this place so happy to have this as a new neighborhood spot .
i would give them zero stars if i could we made a reservation the day before came here 5 minutes early just in case they did not reserve a table for us at all and told us it would be a 45 minute wait .
fantastic addition to the neighborhood great beer and wine selection and the polenta is the best ive ever tasted the broccoli rabe and the cuban were also amazing will be back to knock out the rest of the menu .
nothing wonderful as the reviews claim i am from dallas and we have better burgers and fries there .
great food and kitschy atmosphere service is attentive and engaging good portions at extremely reasonable prices have been there many times and always enjoy our meals .
tried the salmon burger tonight ended up with food poisoning never had any issues in the past very unfortunate experience .
this is the best indian restaurant in new haven ive tried them all now and its better than the one in the old diner or that other one tandoori chicken might be the best ive ever had .
when my 9 burger came the patty was obviously one of those frozen  you can buy at  and the bun was still frozen inside the fries were ok .
very good food here good service nice quiet downstairs or bustling upstairs our top choice for indian food in the area .
mediocre is being generous understaffed and over priced .
excellent food fresh healthy options excellent service great ambience thank you will be back again .
terrible terrible service i give this place chances all the time but the servers all have awful attitudes and the wait to get your food take forever .
delicious very vegetarian friendly also very friendly .
we didnt have any beer so i cant speak to that but the burgers werent that good i figured i could have five guys for half the price and the same quality .
the yelp community has this place right good indian food with reasonable prices classy  yes i made that word up decor and attentive service i am surprised new haven does not do more and better indian but this place is on my short list .
after waiting over 12 an hour for the daily special i was told they were out this was on a thursday at noon time .
the food here is delicious the waiters are friendly and the décor is nicer than any of the other indian restaurants in new haven .
i appreciate grass fed beef burgers .
the food is pretty good but what really makes me choose zaroka above the other indian restaurants is the staff they are extremely friendly and willing to accommodate most needs in addition to having a cozy venue they also offer quick delivery .
super not vegan friendly the happy hour specials are good but the service is poor it looks like theres a new staff but they seem to have gotten rid of the fast nice waitresses and kept the super slow ones so they need to figure that out .
best of its type so far nann should be made fresh upon customer arrival great atmosphere great service .
decent food terrible service they have yet to honor one of the many reservations ive made they have no respect for your time and lie about reservations .
i came here slightly late for the buffet but the waiter was very attentive and i ended up having a wonderful meal there isnt that much selection but just enough for my needs and the food tasted pretty good .
overrated the turkey burger had way too much turkey in it and i woke up actually feeling sick the next day because my stomach didnt digest all that meat the fries were good sweet and reg but my burger was just nauseating .
delicious indian food good vibes and great location you wont be disappointed the dinner portions are just right and not overwhelming i prefer the lunch buffet for when i want to indulge and eat different things delightful dining experience delivered with  service .
wtf  you throw in stacked containers on what little hummus you actually gave us forget that its insanely unsanitary but the salad you added looks like its rotting never ever ordering from you again .
i frequent the buffet at zaroka it is an absolute new haven gem the food is amazingly delicious and the service is wonderful the staff is extremely friendly and helpful i highly recommend this spot .
the portions are large the food isnt bad but this reminded me of an ethnic restaurant capital e capital r you would find in the suburbs its always empty the wine and beer list is terrible and the place just generally lacks personality would not recommend .
place is pretty solid the  josh is one of the best indian meals you can get worth trying the place is somewhat outdated and gaudy but the food is very good and priced reasonably .
the owner was horrible and rude i go there about 2 a week and the first time i ordered delivery it was probably the worst experience through any place that delivers ive ever had do not order from here .
dont let the exotic names intimidate  menu is great and the food doesnt disappoint attentive service staff as well .
note the restaurant has been approved for a liquor license but they dont currently have a bar nor is it byob if you want wine beer or mixed drinks with your meal look elsewhere at least for the time being .
zaroka is my fav indian restaurant in new haven i recommend the chicken makani sag paneer veggie simosas and naan bread requested it to be catered for a meeting and it was a hit the staff is very friendly too .
pastries were certainly a day old which is kind of a no no for a bakery only been here once but would certainly not recommend .
a lot of variety here and plenty of veg options like at thali thali too but with much better  service a good deal if youre splitting entrees among a big group .
i know better than to trust a place that can make paella in 20 minutes but i was hungry so went for it huge portion but far from authentic sigh pluses included the service and free parking decor is very dated .
this is my favorite indian restaurant in new haven cant beat the lunchtime buffet love the dinner menu the staff are wonderful and the atmosphere is great .
once is more than enough 1 star for the sangria .
very reasonably priced and the food is really good .
ick dry .
phenomenal food amazing cheese decent drink selection huge fan of the bistro bar atmosphere great for catching up with friends dates and enjoying a night out .
theyre overpriced the menu is deceiving and the food isnt anything special dont waste your time .
the poutine was great the cheeseburger was excellent however i think they need to cool it with the fries the fries seem everywhere service was nice and attentive .
saw a huge line out the door of this place and decided to give it a try nothing special ordered the portobello and leek sandwich very average nothing to write home about .
love the grilled cheese and macaroni and cheese amazing food the staff is knowledgeable about the food their serving and will find the best wines to make your dinner superb the decor is casual but romantic so great for date night enjoy .
i ordered  pork belly when i finished it felt nothing special as expected but i think they overpriced the sandwiches 8 is expensive actually there is a similar shop nearby but the price there is fair anyway thats it .
loved it my toddler loved it my husband and inlaws loved it the beet salad was perfect right proportions of greens beets dressing outdoor seating is nice great lunch options and super friendly staff dont forget to stop by the cheese shop downstairs .
you wont cut a sandwich in half seriously .
eat everything you wont regret it then go into the cheese shop and buy all the cheeses in and around sooooooo amazing they have excellent wine choices as well be  it pays off .
i truly do like this place but it  me off when i order the barbecue brisket and get back to my office to eat it and low and behold the brisket has a 90 fat content that just ruined my lunch .
great modern american restaurant good food at good prices pretty good cheese board .
i would have liked to try this place but they refuse to make a sandwich without mayonnaise  maybe the other ingredients are so lowquality that they dont want to serve them without a layer of  fat to cover up the flavor .
bread and butter never disappoints specials are creative and delicious great wine menu a little dramatic w hours reservations etc but the food is worth it .
not bad but not as good as  cafe for its bun mi  .
caseus is most certainly my favorite spot in town to loosen up a few  on the old belt .
i was so disappointed to learn from their website that their semolina bun  eggs and is certainly not vegan this after eating their vegetarian sandwiches many times  .
best experience weve had in a long while we had leftovers for days and they were still delicious we went for an anniversary dinner and it did not disappoint great food great staff excellent beer on tap and the wine pairings were on point .
not a fan i got the catfish sandwich which was small and overpriced i was still hungry afterwards its different from your regular sandwich shop but i dont plan on going back again .
without a doubt my new favorite place for dinner with the wife been 4 times now the chef always comes up with new great things i think i have ordered the special everytime i have gone awesome place make sure and make reservations gets busy .
the pork sandwich was nothing special not worth 8 especially when the guy at the window is super rude .
i love it here fresh food and a seasonal menu everything is creative and thoughtful their duck is always done well and their selections cheeses is magnificent i always leave stuffed favorites so far duck carbonara bone marrow .
this place has good food but i ordered ice tea and it came in a wine glass with ice i had couple of refills and got charged for 7 its a total rip off .
the best restaurant in new haven the most imaginative and everchanging menu that is impressive every time out its always a treat to come here my number one choice when going to dinner in town fantastic and knowledgeable waitstaff go to caseus immediately .
everything was over cooked all steaks party of 10 queen cut tbone rib eye and cowboy were over cooked salmon was dry .
i would eat here every day if i wouldnt gain weight sit on the patio for lunch get sangria and be sure to get the daily bread and butter and save room for the chocolate pot de creme delicious a new haven must .
back in the day dons had it goin on but now well it sux plenty of other places very close by can be optional but dont waste your time and money here its just not worth it .
visiting yale with our high school son we found this great restaurant and decided to try it exceptional service really great cheese burger and mac and cheese did i say exceptional service .
food is always good no matter what you get here so whats the reason for 2 stars well my its a bit too damn expensive for just filipino food the seating is terrible the service is worst unless youre white then theyll treat you well lol .
the cabot clothbound cheddar and effies  cakes is fantastic  gave us a great  the taste of new haven tour took us here and it was indescribably perfect .
mussels were not fresh service is beyond poor yet they try to  in a mandatory 18 tip without even telling you they still give you they do not write in the tip they try to be sneaky .
if i could give 6 out of 5 stars i would love love love this place .
this place sux i went here one time and thats all it took i been to lots of  places that been so better then this place .
wanted to go there forever it was totally worth it amazing service attentive knowledgeable personable the restaurant cheese  were both amazing cant wait to go back i seriously suggest that you make a reservation  make sure you dont have other plans .
not sure why a  restaurant that makes good filipino food would want to not promote itself as such stick to the filipino dishes they are good this is their specialty for thai food go to a thai restaurant .
this is an example of everything right in a restaurant what a treat the food is my favorite food in the entire world do you get a sense of how good this place is go enjoy .
traveling to boston we stopped for a quick meal the service was rotten slow and inattentive the food was pretty good for casual chinese but overall i would not stop here for a meal .
the grilled cheese sandwich was super tasty and filling if youre a cheese lover i would definitely recommend this i also ordered an assortment of cheeses for an appetizer which was a fun way to try a little bit of everything .
m   so you can look up the menu online .
great everything definitely a place to indulge grilled cheese mac and cheese duck confit steak its all great and they have a great bear and wine selections the staff is always nice but a bit too reserved for new haven but the place has a great pub vibe .
here we are waiting for a sandwich and salad 25 minutes and counting place is virtually empty service indifferent food is not as good as it looks and they run out early place is beautiful customers are friendly were all in this together .
i  about the grilled cheese sandwich .
staff was rude and had an attitude oatmeal was a little too watery would rather go to starbucks where the baristas are actually pleasant .
ive been here at least 4 times while visiting my brother at yale one of our favorite places to go eat some meats cheeses and hearty comfort food will miss it for sure .
green tea latte was bitter wayyy too bitter that i had to throw it away put too much  food was  kinda rude bakery lady tho the guy was nice .
i had a meat and cheese platter here and it was delicious .
food is decent the pastries are good the seating situation and slow service are big minuses one or the other is fine too many  for a nice atmosphere oddly loud acoustics is distracting .
great food good service was really impressed with the wine selection some south  wines that are hard to find and some really good french wines paired well with the variety of cheeses the burger and mac n cheese was amazing a little pricey but worth it .
i just ate a tuna sandwich for which the bread was so stale it was barely edible .
yep still my favorite place in ct great owner great food great cheese good beer .
nice looking place nice location terrible chocolate waffles waffle tasted cheap and the chocolate sauce was watery cmon guys you cannot be charging premium prices for low quality food not too long at least cappuccino was average at best .
the roasted chicken i had the last time i went to caseus was the best food ive had in any restaurant in any place i love this place and cant recommend them highly enough .
im very dissatisfied at this place the food was very cold and the tacos were burnt i dont recomend this place el mariachi loco was way better .
pricey for a bistro but not for the quality and presentation i love coming here for lunch delicious little  on the table and the cheese shop downstairs is a  also great wine and beer .
this place has no clue how to be ran i came in here to get lunch and there were people standing all over the place and i had no clue where to order so i got out of that dump .
intense dinner cant go wrong with anything  here huge portions i really enjoyed my mac cheese as well as  of my pals  had a crazy pork belly on waffle dessert as well as chocolate pudding to end the meal perfection .
just called to place an order and they said can you call back in 5 minutes i think not .
this place is refreshing with all their beers wine and cheese the food was yum outdoor seats nice reminded me of  .
eh tried a couple times over the last year or so but at best its an average sandwich and the folks at the counter seem like they wish they were somewhere else where they didnt have to deal with people .
very kind if busy staff who can direct you to the gluten free options often there are soups burgers with no buns meat best salads ive had on this coast .
i was excited to try this place and then i saw that they offer one sandwich for 14 dollars then i left because i cant support their kids college  until the  of never .
i had lunch here venison meatloaf was good stuff i like their fries i like them a lot .
tomato sauce is too acidic and makes almost everyone sick who eats it they keep increasing their prices and are pretty unfriendly .
really cool place low ceilings etc excellent and interesting food and wine .
cute from the outside a bit  on the inside cheap table clothes everything felt a little dingy staff was a bit rude and slow my sandwich was tasty my mom got food poisoning from hers wouldnt go back .
gotta love caseus the food is really great i love almost everything ive eaten there the cheesier the better the atmosphere is low key and fun the wine list is exceptional and the menu always has something new and surprising a real winner .
 from the outside decent food though love their smoothies .
finally a worthwhile and memorable french restaurant in new haven a splendid selection of wines cheese platters and  delights there is a separate lunch and dinner menu available on line for you to review in advance indulge in of the many platters of cheese and meats .
delivered here in 2000 mario ripped me off a days pay when i quit told me not to show up there and he would mail it to me 13 years later still waiting .
tasteful dining with euro cafe feel and wonderful cheese options to go well worth the stop even if just wind and cheese snack or desert .
the food was terrible in this place wouldnt recommend place was empty for a reason .
yummy but pricey for just lunch .
placed delivery order one hour and half ago tried calling no one picks up heading out to pick up kfc avoid at all cost .
outstanding restaurant i can always count on a great meal at caseus the lunch is great but the dinners are out of this world and the chocolate pot au creme is  .
little food a lot of money to me not a traditional mexican restaurant more like a  restaurant sorry .
i liked this little restaurant as you can see this is the kind of place that is best to just enjoy the offerings of the chef and the company you have no need to over analyze it go and be surprised .
they changed the schedule without advise the customers i arrived there at 1030 and it was closed despite it was like open in website yelp .
we just enjoyed having dinner at caseus made a reservation for next week before even paying our check what more can be said great staff good food nice evening .
falafel is very avg whats good is the hot sauce omg i love the hot sauce so i just buy it from them but the falafels are very average .
since writing my first review of caseus i have moved to new haven i am still in love with caseus i  out and had sauteed rabe and one of their superb salads for lunch i have since learned how to spell recommend correctly too .
sorry but a pita stuffed with lettuce tomato onion should be a cheap falafel by the time you get to the little dried out falafel at the bottom you should realize it sucks long live   we miss you .
nice food particularly the buffet .
i didnt feel anything special about mamouns it felt like a normal average falafel that happened to attract large crowds .
fantastic little holeinthewall in an unassuming strip mall have only been here once for takeout but am already a huge fan the prices are very competitive and the food is fantastic and im very picky about indian food cant wait to try more of the menu .
the whole place smells like lamb shawarma and thats the smell i love however their shawarma didnt taste as good as it smells the meat was so try the falafel was such a disappointment too .
the restaurant isnt the prettiest in the world but the food is fantastic .
this place is overhyped and their customer service isnt that great you can get much better food across the street at the  wall falafel place .
this place is so good i was really surprised how good the buffet was especially since i hate buffets and the service was prompt the is a must dine .
very disappointing the tabbouleh was dry and had lettuce and some other  instead of parsley i was here back in the day and there is no comparison .
we have been going here for close to 10 years food is always outstanding staff are friendly and very attentive we have taken many friends here all of which love it i have been to many indian restaurants this by far is my favorite .
disgusting swarma for all those who said it was good you have obviously never had real swarma it was just fatty lamb bits and pieces this review is based purely on that the baklava was nice i am really looking forward to trying the chicken and falafel .
how often do you find a restaurant that feels like home my wife and i come here every friday after the stressful work week and the good food friendly service always helps us start the weekend right we are moving soon and will miss this special place .
ive been here many times but the food is below average ive had better falafel schwarma etc the pita bread also doesnt really taste fresh .
love this place great food fantastic service even with the buffett you get  nan bread right out of the oven highly recommend especially if you are on a budget .
this falafel is grainy and bland the toppings were wilted and the pita was hard and tasteless i recommend falafel shop on  instead .
just discovered this place last saturday we ended up going in for the lunch buffet all i have to say is a little bit of awesomeness here in orange ct check it out .
impersonal curt service no charge tahini sauce apparently they dont have any undercooked greasy side of falafel 1 50  disgusting .
good service ordered two drinks and they were brought out almost immediately also ordered french fries which only took about 5 minutes and they were delicious and thick cut absolutely amazing .
i have never had falafel before so i was bit skeptical when we stopped here even after having one i am still not sure how i feel arent chick peas supposed to be healthy not if they are deep fried in oil .
visited the place twice on two separate visits to philly both times were great great beer selection and the food was good as well the people working there are super cool and laid back even with foggy head hangovers .
i hate this place it wasnt that clean and very rude hosts very dirty i got discussed from the way they cook the food i dont recommend you eating from there .
great beer selection plenty of foreign beers to choose from as well as  boots havent had the food but from a beer standpoint this place is great my girlfriend also had the apple pie in a jar cocktail which was outstanding .
sorry guys this place used to be a lot better because of all the attention they have been getting i guess they have lowered their standards the falafel is dry seriously and they raised their prices .
sat outside on a beautiful evening great german food and excellent choice of beers good service reasonable prices would return when in philly .
i got the lamb schwarma bowl to go the lamb was dry the sauce was bland and the salad base was lame im sad this place didnt live up to the hype .
nice place to grab a beer or two and enjoy nicely prepared german food .
partys over this place made me violently sick  from now on twice as expensive but  more delicious .
dont judge by its grungy looks great beer selection and food was surprisingly very good clearly the kitchen does not play second  to the bar mussels spaetzle schnitzel dinners all highly recommended .
kofta  pita was 15 mango juice 1 25 awesome 55 falafel 2 55 id do more mango juice cheap baklava next time better yet mamouns mango juice two bros 1 slice  belgium fries yummy 5 25 meal .
buffalo wings awesome my boyfriend and i got  shots and jack cokes great experience id come back for sure nice atmosphere which is also a plus .
yes its cheap but i didnt even enjoy it when i was drunk super hyped up place and the hot sauce is not even enjoyable its just  spicy and i love spicy .
amazing beer options and their burgers are great every time i go i try to order something different but i cant get past the burger list the fact that pretzel rolls are standard and their fires are chunky cut just makes everything better .
 is only good when youre drunk there i said it .
come here for he appetizers they have pretzel bites keep the cheese sauce i like the mustard  and wings are good but the best is their beer selection i like the dirty ho  and  that is a great drink .
the food is awful i ordered falafel my friend ordered shawarma both of us believe that the food are not tasty at all the place smells as well i really cannot understand why people love that place a lot .
wow we came here yesterday and had to come back today just for the pretzels the mustard with horseradish is my fav .
this place is not all that great when youre sober the shawarma is just meh the hot sauce is ridiculously spicy it just kills your taste buds good for really late night but other hours not worth it .
potato pancakes were delicious my husband had the bratwurst dish and loved it and i had the mushroom  highly recommend it .
mamouns i used to swear by you but alas i was just a  to falafel when in the area after leaving a village bar you could do the trick maybe but that line of tourists usually leads me to taco truck .
this place has an unbelievable german beer selection pretty cool atmosphere and friendly waitstaff this place loves  and all things german on the down side there is one small bathroom and their prices are on the high side .
mamouns you are so cheap and so great for late night  but alas you are also for falafel  im sorry lettuce tomato and  white sauce on a store bought pita just doesnt do it for me anymore .
i recently visited philly for my first time and stayed next to  this is such a great little bar wonderful food and selection of beer the bar tenders are very friendly and welcoming it was so good i went twice while i was in philly .
their hummus smells like an old man nuff said .
a really good selection of different beers the prices are reasonable as well we didnt have time to try the food though one tiny bathroom however yikes .
not impressed i came here for lunch and ordered a shawarma and i have definitely had better the place is tiny cheap and in a great area but thats pretty much it but i guess i should come back and try something else maybe .
definitely a bar environment but a great place for beer and burgers they have fantastic pretzels and amazing hefeweizen .
they are dry and flavorless i will not waste any money in this falafel place the good one in nyc is   in soho 1000 times better than this mamouns .
we had a great cheese plate here with tomato jam that was fantastic service was ok not fantastic great selection of beers of course .
ive been to both of these west village one better than east village very limited toppings no  garlic pickles or cabbage like most places meat is good but not amazing overhyped .
these guys had 3 different  that were all on special for 3 all excellent the pretzel nuggets w beer cheese sauce and mustard really took the cake tho probably the best pretzels ive ever had large portions too .
while the food was good the bug in the salad was not so tasty it looked like an  from outside new york making me question if they wash their salad or not it was a sad discovery because i love the food .
outstanding beer selection food is phenomenal try their pierogies as a polish chick totally recommend it .
totally overrated the price is unbeatable yes but there are other falafel shops on the same street that will give you a falafel sandwich for 2 50 that isnt overstuffed with old dry lettuce .
first time that ive got a pretzel bun with sauerkraut patty and sausage and i have to say it was great price was cheap and service very nice .
underwhelming back in  id heard of the legend of mamouns from a guy who makes better shawarma so perhaps i came on a seriously off day i cant really recommend this place especially when theres far better falafel in manhattan .
i can only speak for the beer they have a pretty vast selection they also have a boot you can drink out of but its super pricey like forty bucks or something but its a lively environment and the people are festive check it out for yourself .
i bought a tub of tabbouleh salad here when i got it home and opened it up a small brown cockroach was running around inside gross .
awsome place great selection of beer belgian beer try it its awsome .
stopped in for drinks i felt like i had just walked into jersey nice place if you are into that sort of thing but it was not for me .
we came in for dinner great presentation good food friendly service and byob what else could you need .
service sucks its overpriced and the food is just barely above garbage .
byob bought a groupon for 4 for 55 bucks good service and the food was good not too many people .
the portions are silly stupid large why they should focus on quality not size you typical nj greek owned diner experience lots of fat customers duh .
went here for dinner and the service was excellent the salmon and chocolate cake were our favorites .
the food was ok at best and service was decent having options i would not return .
the food was absolutely fantastic i had the spanish ceviche which was quite nice but what really blew me away was the goat cheese gnocchi it has a very homey sort of decor and the wait staff is very friendly if youre in the area definitely stop by .
mediocre at best .
my first review on yelp service and food is comparable if not better than michelin 3 star jean georges price very affordable i highly recommend this restaurant .
the service staff is  and indulging however the menu is indifferent and  and vegetarians beware in the versailles a grilled vegetable salad is dish with grilled chicken so with all menu items read the small  .
best soup i had in a long long time  doesnt sound appetizing but its good trust me .
i wish i wish i so wish i could like this place owners a jackass roaches and rats are you kidding me blamed me and said that i brought them into his restaurant stay away from this place .
lovely restaurant great dinner gracious server left feeling so relaxed and happy and well treated for a very reasonable price well be back .
super rude girl server on weekday mornings shes made me wanna leave that place two of the three times ive been there food as such is okay and so is the coffee .
the food and ambiance is nice and its a block from my house its a bit pricey though and they seem understaffed as service is slow but they are very nice and yummy .
food quality is very bad it tasted stale as well restrooms are not  well they looked dirty .
utterly distinctive but satisfying food and a mellow vibe that fits the neighborhood when i lived in  id take home their prepared foods and impress guests and coming back here a couple years later they still remembered my name .
i  from  3 days ago they took 8 catering orders they messed up the order so please be careful when you order most places take large  orders and dont stay with it .
casual cafe with pretty awesome and varied food options the tlt blt with tempeh is tlt tasty lovely tempeh and one of the better and healthier sandwiches ive had in a while this is a bright spot in an area that is lacking for everything .
the burgers were really bad worst fried pickles ever but id think thats my mistake ordering fried pickles in the north even the milk shake sucked very disappointed with this place thank  theres a  burger nearby .
im a big fan always great coffee nice selection and chill vibe looking forward to trying the new dinner service .
think this place has gone down hill ribs were not tender i got two chicken breast with sauce on top of dry rice bagged boil rice not even real rice only good thing here is atmosphere and  .
such a great study spot i went on a late saturday afternoon and ordered the chicken salad sandwich and coffee the food was wonderful and the staff was very friendly and checked in regularly i ended up staying right until they closed im definitely going back .
pizza is nothing great service is eh theres much better places in the area .
good airy study spot or healthy eats wifi patio and near the  .
horrible stale pizza has not been good since ownership changed hands however the staff is nice and courteous .
great place for coffee and a snack in windsor terrace the place feels very light and spacious i recently came here to kill time when i was locked out of my apartment their polenta cakes tea and artsy magazines managed to cheer me up .
pizza is lousy ever since they changed the owners years ago everything their has gone downhill just a typical boring pizzeria .
great spot in the neighborhood excellent food in a spacious casual setting .
mediocre pizza terrible service with nasty people .
love the food breakfast here rocks and the stumptown drip is the best the staff is courteous and friendly as the food is fresh and delicious this place gets busy too its great togo for the park right around the corner .
ribs are very fatty i felt like i was eating grizzle the whole time the fries were good .
im glad this place is in the neighborhood the staff is always friendly and the food is good its a tough spot to have a cafe because of the lack of traffic so i hope they can continue on .
i went there this past may and reading the reviews i was expecting some great soul food it was a major let down the chicken wasnt good however the mac cheese was pretty tasty it is not a place to run and tell everyone about in my opinion .
this place is adorable my boss and i work here from time to time when we just cant stand the office however we bring our own internet  if we didnt have one i would frequent this place much less often .
the food is good but customer service sucks my table and another table needed doggy bags but the waitress doggy bagged the other table and practically threw mine in my face so we can pack it up ourselves .
i was in this hood for a meeting and had a chicken salad with strawberries and some sort of cheese it was absolutely fabulous it was dressed perfectly it was all i had on the menu so i cannot speak for anything else but the salad rocked .
horrible service waited 30min for our food just to get the wrong order food was just mediocre at best and they add in the tip we were only a party of 2 no wonder service sucks wont be coming back here anytime soon .
i like this place for brunch its delicious has good fresh produce i also like it for picking up some healthy quick snacks where else in the hood could you get quinoa salad kale but its too bad that its a bit overpriced .
came here for lunch really wanting to like this place but the food simply sucks and lacks flavor .
one of our favorite places in bay ridge solid food decent beer list fantastic beer garden and very friendly staff we will definitely keep coming back .
this used to be one of my favorites but it has gone downhill over the years the last straw was finding a long strand of hair in my fried whiting  .
a refreshing change of pace in bay ridge the  are friendly and welcoming love the everchanging selection i have discovered some great beers here i also love the food the waiter was spot on with recommendations i return whenever i can .
the catfish is amazing but it may be cold by the time it gets to your table the service is ridiculous food isnt good if you dont get to eat it .
100 awesome no question .
not impressed the chicken was ok the catfish wasnt that flavorful and it soggy i dont know why this place is has so much hype i will probably not come back here .
 this place is great the food is excellent the atmosphere is laid back and cool a great place for a quick bite and the quality is outstanding .
not a fan for chicken waffles but i guess it was my first experience other things on the menu are not so good .
excellent selection of craft beer knowledgeable staff and cool vibe i have been here twice and enjoyed both visits i plan on going back many many times .
should of had the chicken and waffles just had the honey smothered fried chicken mac and cheese and collard greens i have to say i was very disappointed w the mac and cheese the fried chicken was really greasy overall disappointed boo .
yay they serve veggie hot dogs now tried the seattle dog and it was delicious great beer awesome backyard friendly  and now vegetarian friendly food i couldnt be happier .
stopped in here after a night out ordered the chicken wings im not sure why people like the chicken because i wasnt impressed it was pricey and not worth the money paid .
great beer an awesome back yard excellent staff and they serve tofu dogs in a neighborhood with very few places that have vegan options this is why we go almost every week  what did we do before you .
the salmon  greens were pretty disappointing but i did enjoy the fried chicken on my first trip a little more .
awesome perfect pig out spot all hot dog creations are awesome not many places like this the only downsides is that they only serve beer and most of their seating is uncomfortable .
decor leaves something to be desires as does the food skip this one and go to  instead .
one of my favorite places to hang out in bay ridge nice backyard beer garden great beer selection and a variety of sausages like wild boar a great lobster roll too .
the last time i ate here i was enjoying my mac  cheese collard greens and fried chicken until a roach crawled by on the wall where i was sitting on the upper level the end and never again .
good burger lots of beer choices i was disapointed in my choice of beer but thats no ones fault but mine haha i chose incorrectly its a chill place its got good food you wont be disappointed .
nice staff  brand mediocre food unhappy atmosphere .
love this place for the backyard great beer selection and bites to eat wouldnt go there for a dinner but definitely for after work drinks and weekend fun we need more places like this in our area .
really disappointing if youre going for the food dont overpriced for what it is and below average quality .
cant wait to head back in extensive beer list and awesome food music was on point indoor and outdoor seating .
came here for the chicken waffles chicken was great but waffles pancakes fruit toppings sticky tables dirty utensils and everything else sucked .
this could be the perfect they have live music an outdoor beer garden a fantastic selection of beers and ciders awesome comfort food menu of build your own  the staff is attentive and super friendly lets see what else what else nice big clean bathrooms yes perfect .
i was truly hoping to be blown away from brunch here but i left less than impressed nothing special or mouthwatering or even memorable the highlight of the meal was the pie i will not be returning .
this place has great food a spin on the traditional bar menu waffle fries galore sauce selection is great outdoor seating in the back is a huge plus .
this food is not good and the fried chicken is disgusting it always  me how people rave about simple tasteless food save your self the time by grabbing a chicken box at a local fast food joint .
love this great new bay ridge spot great dogs ever changing craft beer selection and a place that when you walk in you feel like you  back at home with some friends bonus come out on wednesdays for  night .
5 50 for a teenie  slice of bourbon pecan pie thats the size of a little   cmon pies thighs at least give us a slice thats worth the price tastes good though .
my husband our two kids and a few friends celebrated my husbands birthday here last month the people at lock yard could not have been friendlier or more accommodating lots of beer lots of hot dogs sausages and pretzels and a very friendly neighborhood vibe .
not only was the wait staff rude guy in a jean jacket vest repeatedly pushed past me and only  excuse you but after a long wait we never got the apple pies we paid 4 each for will not come back .
what can i say that hasnt already been said the staff is amazing and the food is great the beer selection is not something im qualified to speak on but i will say they always have a delicious cider for me .
this place is so ridiculously over rated its not even funny i feel people only rate this place high because they have to so many better places to eat in nyc and brooklyn you want a good place to eat in brooklyn try the brooklyn star on  .
great pub just the kind of place bay ridge needs the outdoor seating area in the back is very nice the craft beer the finger foods and the hot dogs are all good stuff definitely will be coming back here often .
the chicken honey biscuit looked incredible but im vegetarian so theres that my semi cold apple pie wasnt worth the hour plus wait .
awesome beer selection the food is great too the price is right for everything backyard is def the place to spend your time here with a bunch of friends all the wait staff is great also .
the food is lacking for me the pies taste ok but the chicken was horrible there was no flavor no spice i dont know if i just caught them on an off day but i would not go back .
great local pub beer variety and delicious food the fried pickles are amazing the bartender was well versed on what was a tap and patiently provided sample to ensure i picked the right selection overall would go back good local garden a breath of fresh air to bayridge .
its good and simple the food is not complicated very  which is what a lot of restaurants lack these days but i would not go out of my way to get some piesnthighs .
good  and beers very friendly staff .
finally able to come to piesnthighs and was somewhat disappointed food was ok had their pies twice and it was inconsistent when it came down to texture and taste .
great place to have a drink a lot of options and a great staff the food is hit and miss but after a few drinks it isnt bad at all .
waaaay overrated if you are a true southerner or know good southern food you will be disappointed the cornbread is dry and the chicken is just average i think the chicken at popeyes tastes better .
great service staff is very knowledgeable of beer nice outdoor space great beer selection .
the good the chicken sandwich the portions were sizable the bad horrible service they brought out the wrong dish there was a fly in my water i would have been willing to forgive everything if the waitress had been a little nicer .
love this place great beer selection great service beautiful backyard its nice to see more and more craft beer spots opening up in bay ridge .
waited over a hour for delivery completely unacceptable .
just moved to the neighborhood and was welcomed here immediately fantastic craft beer selection along with great choice of hotdogs .
i went in expecting great chicken and i got was bland soggy chicken it was just awful i would never recommend this place the service was fantastic but i wanted great chicken with flavor .
the wait staff bar mag and owner tommy are very friendly and the food is spot on .
although our food was tasty i had the seasonal  kale mashed potatoes i was overcharged from what the menu said despite having asked two different waitresses the atmosphere was fun the music was atrocious .
really nice neighborhood place with great sausage and an amazing beer selection even better the beer garden looks like a great spot in the warmer months definitely worth another visit .
chicken was super salty the biscuits were cold and the mac and cheese was lumpy not at all was it was cracked up to be the servers were very pleasant and they gave us an accurate wait time for a busy saturday night .
heated outdoor patio the service has gotten worlds better since they first opened i cant express how happy i am that this place is here .
i really wanted to love this place there wasnt anything that made it stand out we only had pie but i wish i had the fried chicken because ive heard its pretty amazing .
wow what a lucky find some of the best bar food ive ever had most menu items feature an unusual spin on comfort food and the flavors are incredible try the prospect heights waffle fries with raspberry bbq sauce goat cheese and youll see what i mean .
earlier this year my friend and i got food poisoning from the chicken biscuit we called the next day to warn pies and thighs to protect other customers they werent interested at all it makes me completely nauseous to read the words pies n thighs .
very friendly professional staff and chef great and cute bartender the food is great but very heavy and very limited the prices are fantastic the beer selection and music unbeatable a great addition to the neighborhood .
im still waiting on that mac and cheese i ordered and paid for 3 months ago im not going anywhere until i get it .
cool new addition to bay ridge love the outside seating area with heat lamps hung out there comfortably  good beer selections very friendly service good pub food although the garlic pesto fries had me choked up in tears and not terribly pricy .
dont believe the hype even kfc tastes twice as good sorry .
love the lock yard great space good music cider on tap for this  kid friendly in the afternoon at least can hardly wait to go back .
overrated go to popeyes instead just bring hot sauce with you .
good bar food nice design big patio and strong beer list fine service and chill vibe .
meh ive experienced better the pulled pork bun seriously tastes like  not the band i was in   last month  now thats how pulled pork is supposed to taste the  is ridiculous i also think its over priced staff and music are ok though .
awesome new spot in bayridge outdoor patio is great might need some more  as the weather gets cooler beer selection is on point food options seemed good waffle fries were amazing definitely will continue to check this place out and hope the beer selection changes often .
it could rival crown or  fried chicken as far as im concerned overpriced overrated and the wait time is ridiculous waiting 20 minutes for overpriced and mediocre food does not make me a happy camper at all .
great beer selection awesome staff food is great but started off a little rocky was fixed immediately and mgr bought us a round the atmosphere rocks go here .
it was really disappointing i have yet to experience satisfying 13 fried chicken the potatoes too were disappointing just avoid it the popularity has  them into a false sense of  .
amazing beer and sausage place if your in the area you need to stop by this place .
not sure why everyone goes nuts over this place the chicken was average and really greasy the mac and cheese tasted exactly the same as kfc mac and cheese and the biscuit was pretty stale .
been here twice so far food was amazing and the beer selection is also great selling point is definitely the backyard where you can enjoy both of these in a very relaxing atmosphere .
their chicken is not that good their macaroni and cheese is not very good it is over priced and over rated .
ive only had the aloo tikki chaat but it was excellent will come back to try more but so far so good .
bleh not sure what all the fuss is about the chicken was medicore at best i can get the same thing for 5 bucks at the local chinese food takeout place in manhattan instead it was 9 bucks in hip williamsburg .
breakfast review simple menu low key no wait good service good food this is a great hole in the wall for breakfast the breakfast burrito home fries pancakes and coffee are all very good .
youre only a few blocks away from broadway popeyes is across the stream and my nuts  on your chin .
excellent ribeye burrito with green chile in out of the way locale but fare is solid bit pricey and staff can have addition issues but tasty creation worth trying once tough time accommodating large groups as  and staff are limited .
the smell of this place used to make me sick when i would go running bleh .
great breakfast joint fast and delicious had vege burrito hubby had huevos rancheros kids breakfast is pancake bacon and one egg perfect size .
this place was awful my partner got really bad food poisoning from their pulled pork burgers and the service wasnt great stay away unless you want to be sick for days .
excellent inexpensive breakfast spot thats never too crowded but not a ghost town the breakfast burrito is a must try and the specials are always dope .
meh .
ciscos wow my favorite is brunch tamales with egg on top get verde too chips and salsa amazing too very light .
take out only at  am even though still advertising 3 am close and plenty of people sitting and eating find another late night spot for snacks .
loved the burrito smothered with green chile so far the best mexican food ive eaten since moving to east coast .
the sliders aint nothing to cheer about cute waitresses tho .
good solid breakfast the space is a bit worn but their customers really seem to love this place i can see why dont let the neighborhood scare you the service here is friendly and they are willing to take order changes it will definitely fill you up .
overrated is a good way to put it the shakes are good the sliders are just greasy not in any way memorable .
i found this restaurant thanks to yelp they have amazing breakfast burritos its a smaller place but has such a family feel .
typical bar not impressed .
really really great breakfast its a little holeinthewall but ciscos is very clean and attractive inside i cant wait to try it for lunch sometime this is our new goto breakfast joint without a doubt .
nothing to write home about i found this place a little disappointing the burgers were average at best .
go to other mexican places sometimes bit always come back here for the real thing hands down the most authentic mexican food in the area dont let the decor fool you the food is amazing and priced right it is byob and a liquor store next door .
2 50 a slider a bit overpriced and really not worth the price im a petite girl and would need a few to fill me up i say spend the money elsewhere .
delicious food waitress doesnt really speak english but you dont really need that worth the drive total hole in the wall must go absolutely must go and careful you might drive past it .
nothing special i only had it one time so ill give it another shot but i wasnt a big fan of the flavor and quality .
great food glad to find mostly authentic mexican food in connecticut .
horrible i tried to call in for delivery attitude pissed me off to the point i didnt even try it .
the food is really great very authentic but above all the owners and staff are absolutely wonderful they are so warm and welcoming .
this was really really bad i ordered chinese for my team at work the person on the phone was extremely rude and angry that i did not pay cash the food was bad the rice was mexican rice and i am not sure that the meat was chicken .
inexpensive quick and very good fresh mexican food for breakfast and lunch the variety and  is at breakfast lunch selections are average decent fish tacos hole in the wall atmosphere the staff are friendly overall better in the morning but not a bad lunch spot .
excellent food but the worst service ever all staff very rude not cool kills the fun atmosphere .
right down the street from my house very nice people good food and decent prices the ambience is not great so i wouldnt go there on a date but nice to just grad something to eat also they have a nice breakfast .
food is below average waiters are not professional at all .
i finally found authentic mexican food in central connecticut since i was raised in the san francisco bay area i would like to consider myself a pro when it comes to mexican food trust me on this one just go do it .
slow slow slow .
ciscos is great for breakfast recommended newington ct the food and service are great at this establishment breakfast is very good if you like the latin style breakfast cuisine which i love parking is vast but seating is limited recommended .
we had the fish and chips and an oyster roll while the crust on the fish and the  of the oysters were nice the insides were all mush like the fish and oysters were either mishandled or inferior goods fries were overcooked and mushy too  .
perfect tacos fresh tasting authentic mexican food with friendly service will be going back many times .
waste of time they dont honor reservations worst portuguese restaurant in the  i have no faith in the way they treat their customers dont go here they fail at customer service .
we went for dinner saturday night loved it we knew the owners from east west grill so glad they have their own place affordable bring your own wine excellent food worth the trip .
dont sit at back because you wont be well served .
clean food i love the fish tacos here and i think my wife is having a love affair with the burritos the owners are polite and welcoming people i highly recommend this place .
the original chef is gone and so is the yumminess sad just sad .
cisco is the best no  needed .
must have been there on an off night food was not that great and the staff while nice were inattentive best thing was the amuse  .
the food was good not great the side dishes were awesome but what really made the experience was the server sassy older lady who kept cracking jokes had us laughing the whole time i would be back just for another round of   with here .
their chicken is good but there business management is extremely poor every time and we have ordered many times they are out of something tonight they did not have chicken  how do you have a chicken restaurant and not have chicken breast in stock .
the food is excellent and the service as well sam  the general manager is very welcoming to costumers and makes them feel like theyre at home .
had cashew tofu and vegetables was  burnt and tofu was very tough waiter was very unpleasant and i would not go again my husband experienced the same  for the dinner egg rolls were good .
first time we enjoyed great cross section of korean japanese dishes i would have rated it a 5 but they were not well prepared or versed in gluten free dishes components .
the food is not that great the place has been known to give people food poisoning .
always happy here what can i say further i will always bring friends and family here everything is fresh and the service is fantastic .
update this place fell off very fast the food quality is terrible the service slow and it just creeps me out oh well .
fantastic place the taste is great and price is very reasonable its definitely one of the best korean restaurants in town .
cold pizza a generic can of soda 4 eh .
so delicious dont be fooled by the run down looking plaza we did the grill and it was fantastic .
this place is not good i tried everything on offer and found nothing i liked the food was cold should have known never to come to a buffet .
finally a 5 star experience had a soon tofu as usual and also tried their   gi dont know how to spell it but its rice cake so delicious and service was excellent i will return over and over again .
i went to  yesterday  and the restaurant has closed the sign on the door said a different place  would be opening there soon .
had some kind of rice bowl with tons of sashimi on it for lunch very fresh delicious sticky rice maybe 14 for the bowl .
this place is alright service is good food is decent but wayyyy overpriced for basic italian food nothing special .
i love this place they provide great service and delicious sushi i ordered two sushi rolls that was fresh and well made also the staff are friendly and polite i would suggest that you place your order beforehand when youre ordering out for pick up .
service was ok calamari was good ok until plastic found fried onto it husbands sandwich was ice cold and my pasta was tasteless c for cleanliness will not be returning .
what a great find this place is food is delicious reasonably priced but most of all the service is incredible such great staff super friendly make you feel at home .
food was okay but way over priced service was slow we went here for my bday only because the original restaurant i wanted to go to was closed definitely a waste of time and money .
amazing bbq highly recommend bulgogi the best marinated beef in the area the portion is also very generous .
this place used to be my childhood favorites now it is sub par pizza crust is hard cheese is over cooked and way too oily im dissatisfied in the way the have fallen off but i guess all good things come to an end .
side dishes are the best and they are unlimited rice is 2 the  are outstanding at 25 i would expect larger meat portions that being said i would definitely recommend a visit .
we ordered a pizza from  last week and it was really disappointing there wasnt enough sauce and the sauce that was there had a weird bitter taste like a previous reviewer said the crust was too bready and soggy and the whole thing was a bit greasy .
i strongly suggest you only visit on an empty stomach the food is amazing and the staff is attentive and friendly the portions are ridiculously amazing doggy bags are inevitable i look forward to returning so i can take advantage of their b y o b option .
i got the regular chinese food here not the sushi but the food was horrible i got the chicken with mixed vegetables and the chicken had a weird breading on it i will never go back .
the next best thing to nyc korean bbq and food though we had several different staff  us we know theyll get it down sooner or later as for the food it didnt disappoint bbq and cooked meals .
found bugs in our food shortly after seeing them crawl out of the picture frame hanging on the wall next to our table made us pay for our entire meal never going back .
pork kalbi and sushi roll were so good you should try this new place im so happy to find this restaurant .
not worthy of even the one star keep trying to find a good chinese food place in hillsborough its just not happening .
kalbi was awesome and very well  this place was very clean and staffs were very knowledgeable about the menu and friendly no doubt this would be another great place to dine out .
stay away this place has a bug problem and does nothing about it .
authentic korean food now available in the hartford area had a great meal with the family tons of bon  small plates and great korean bulgogi bbq ill be back soon highly recommended .
out of bananas waitress picking at  could hear staff talking about us only ordering water .
stopped in for a quick drink loved the decor service was great very nice and happy people drinks were perfect def have to go back to try the food looks amazing .
a pretty typical diner in the northeast greek items sprinkled through the menu like olives in a salad prices on the high side of average food average diner quality beats dennys coffee on the dark side of average .
what a gem stopped in for a drink before a show i wish we could of stayed longer friendly service good drink will be stopping in for food the next time atmosphere is swanky and hip .
second time here food is great as is the wait staff but got food poisoning that sent me to the  room i will never return the food isnt worth almost dying for .
great thai for very reasonable price especially for nyc cocktails were 6 and beers for 3 cant beat that the atmosphere was great for a date or just a dinner out with friends would recommend take a couple blocks walk and get away from times square .
had high hopes but the raw clams were not fresh at all the place also lacked character disappointed .
best lunch spot in the area i am upset my office is moving away from here the food is delicious authentic and reasonably priced the thai iced tea which comes with the lunch special is a nice touch as well .
this place is okay if youre standing on the street and youre like im in the mood for some oysters and your friend goes oh look over there they sell oysters score there are better places to eat oysters and seafood in general plus the ambiance is whatevs .
loved the trendy ambiance its a cozy enough space that many people seem comfortable enough dining here alone the food was great and the sauces complimented my meal very well its definitely a spot i can see myself revisiting when in the midtown area .
sub standard quality of food pricey ordered indo chinese and the fried rice had 12 insects ants will never ever order from here horrible customer service too .
this place has a great pad kee  the decor is interesting and the music is a little strange but overall i was very impressed with the lunch .
no indian taste the samosa chat was very good paneer chilly was horrible the paneer is like a stone you cannot bite it at all ambience is not so great they might have some items on their menu for takeout not suitable for dinein at all .
awesome  puffs chicken dumplings like  but wo shrimp .
super slow ironic given the name mediocre food pricey for what you get wont be going back .
best happy hour that is not a happy hour awesome mixed drinks always priced at 6 cosmos lychee martini etc on the menu food is too salty stick with the apps service is excellent .
it was okay they serve appetizer after main course very bad service dont waste your time go to cross culture not for family .
extremely cool atmosphere and the best pad thai ive ever eaten the spring rolls were amazing as well i recommend you get the pad thai medium heat and then get hot sauce on the side .
it took 1 5 hours to serve my toddler ice cream as a result of their incompetence we could not enjoy our meal staff didnt care about anything .
 martini for 6 and its not happy hour im sold and their food is really good try the crispy spring rolls i love coming here when im in hells kitchen .
sorry to say but they have become very inconsistent with their food we did not enjoy the food last couple of times .
modern thai restaurantbar beautiful deco and exciting menu would love to dine there again a gem in the neighborhood friendly staff but small space though .
the service here is worst we ordered vegetable biryani and it was worst taste that i ever had this place is highly priced and they dont even have drinking water and you are forced to purchase a bottle .
yay i am a fan nine restaurant is a small trendy restaurant i got to try the volcano chicken calamari and shrimp spring rolls all the food looked and tasted fantastic .
food was ok service was horrible took nearly half an hour for food to be ready they should change the name to curry up and wait .
food was amazing and the service was on point and very friendly if any of my friends are out in nyc and want to have something to eat real quick on the westside this is a good thai spot .
very unfriendly staff you need to wait an hour to be served and an other 15 minutes to pay food was very average and  smell oil after your  .
i love this place they have an amazing lunch special that is well worth checking out this has become my goto place for thai in this area highly recommended nice atmosphere for dining in but they do take out as well .
dont even bother placing an order rude with hearing issues after taking forever to get my order right i had to finally cancel after he hung up forgetting to take down my cc .
excellent panang curry and tom yum soup ingredients very fresh and service friendly a great choice .
i ordered a egg platter maybe it isnt the special of this restaurant but i am still be disappointed a little bit .
very good thai food in hells kitchen good lunch combos the  is one of those modern trendy more american looking than traditional thai but the service was great and good food .
really yelp id go to this place if i was within a  radius but actually seeking it out to eat .
food is good but small portions and rice was a bit   atmosphere dark with neon lights relatively cheap food entree for 1015 cocktails for 6 beer for 3 fast courteous service kind of small  .
nothing special not sure how this place is getting 4 stars .
papaya salad tasty and light fried calamari sinful but still fried worth going for a walk after chicken satay very good sauces tender and juicy the hit chicken pad thai very very good and just spicy enough overall great spot for a casual fast fun dinner .
seriously the food doesnt have to be so disgusting to qualify as an authentic dinner our breakfast was cheap and inedible .
surprisingly good it looks more like a cocktail bar than a thai restaurant its both cocktails were decent food was very good very good traditional pad thai good spring rolls i didnt have it but folks liked the chicken satay we liked the beef salad too .
looked in turned right around i am a fan of diners but this wasnt for me surprised it was rated so highly on yelp .
respectable and relatively new thai joint in the neighborhood of thai joints not terribly busy and fair prices for your standard bangkok style fare would repeat .
gross food terrible service .
i really like that their rice and noodle dishes come with a variety of options instead of just chicken beef or shrimp i had the pad thai with the tilapia and it was very good i will definitely go back again .
i dont get the high reviews of this place coulda made a breakfast like this myself at home sure its cheap but  wasnt anything special .
fresh delicious food 9 dumplings pineapple fried rice and pad thai were all amazing .
came back here after about 2 years it seems the ambiance now outshines the food i would only come here for drinks and sushi now at one point i would have called it a hidden gem pity .
amazing food highly recommend the pad udon has a little kick to it that really adds to the overall meal .
extremely overpriced for what it is and food is good but not amazing .
the staff is always pleasant and nice the food is good wether its eat in or takeout a pleasant little gem in hells kitchen .
online fraud charges beware of  charges on your credit card after placing orders online several of us experienced 100  card charges afterward .
food is great you get great lunch deals best thai food ive ever had .
did take out pizza prosciutto the ham was either old or not good quality they send wrong beverages dont recommend go to  on  and grand .
i love everything from this place nice decor nice staff excellent food i have the pad see ewe spring rolls and foil salmon .
terrible service whats the worst is the owner put together three tables of cheap food but charged us  when we came in as a group of 30 people .
ive been here a few time they have a good happy hour the food was so tasty friendly servers and beautiful decor i am a big fan now .
ill be brief the food is good but the portions are very very small and the prices are very very big .
love the place it was clean good food great servers quick and kind recommend the place if you are around midtown looking for good not expensive food .
terrible experience with service food is ok but you cannot dump on your customers and expect them to return never coming back would rather go to  or  .
4 stars yay im a fan good authentic food great  40s music and cute modern decor only one complain it was too dark that i could barely see my food while eating turning up the lights a bit is recommended .
time after time they screw up the order or it never shows up black listed for me .
food was excellent ordered the penang curry as my entree and it was the best id ever had flavor was packed full portion was adequate atmosphere is also nice waitress was rude and unfriendly however .
pizza is average definately no comparison to ny pizza dont bother w the wings barely any sauce n they just dont have flavor they were quick w delivery .
excellent quality of food very tasty and prepared very well i had delivery for lunch they lunch special size of food is a lot more that most send i would order again and delivery was fast .
sometimes the food and sometimes the food is bad sometimes the service is good sometimes the service is bad .
great space great food great service will definitely be back to try more of their menu i like that the decor is more modern than your usual thai fare .
tried this pizza on a recommendation the pizza was bland and had no flavor the mussels were not all that either although not the worst pizza there are alot of better pizzerias in the area .
brunch here all the time great brunch deal 8 for entree appetizer and thai ice tea .
 hot dog i have ever had my friends egg dish was cold by the time she got it maybe because it was brought from the basement wait what .
food fantastic atmosphere is loungey and class drinks are made well not watered down and service is on point defiantly coming back big time .
i have come here many times and have the exact same experience everytime extremely poor and barely respectful service and a 30 min wait to get a sandwich which arent bad but i cant wait for someone to open another sandwich shop in the hood .
love their pad see  with shrimps its so addicting ill def come back and try other things .
unfortunately this is the third time ive experienced this place not being open when their website said they were will most likely not try again anytime soon .
excellent thai food forget those other hells kitchen trendy restaurants go here the place is very  but most importantly the food is excellent .
sandwiches are just ok the narrow space isnt very inviting or comfortable to sit in if you want a good sandwich in this neighborhood head over to  instead worth the extra dollar or two .
awesome decor vibe and space friendly staff and delicious food try the chicken or shrimp dumplings or seafood fried rice delicious would recommend this place for either  dining or delivery .
i only had the plain pizza so far the taste was just okay but the crust was super  which makes the pizza soggy and mushy .
good spot .
are you guys high this pizza was horrible the crust tasted like saltines the sauce had no flavor we ordered a large slice and after eating one slice each we threw the rest out and ate a bowl of cereal .
ordered from grubhub couple of days ago fast delivery delicious food i ordered lunch pad thai which is a great deal with 7 99 you can have one side and drink of your choice .
when you need slice this pizzeria will do spicy chicken pizza was a good option for people like me who like buffalo chicken however my son could resist the plain cheese pizza crust is nothing special kind of like the pizza you find in your grocery freezer .
cutesy place on 9th ave i got the beef pat see ewe with brown rice it was good what else can i say they have a cute lit up 9 sign by the front door hehe the food was good and at an average price .
they need to change their buffalo wings nachos and quesadillas they need to step their game up .
it is beautiful inside and the food is great .
two words food poisoning never coming back .
fantastic food the wait staff were so good the service was excellent thumbs up highly recommend .
the service sucked the waiter was rude and short and made a big deal out of me taking the wrong copy of my credit card receipt the food was okay but i would never go back due to the crappy service seriously avoid this place .
outstanding really enjoyable time love the lychee martinis and spring rolls great thai food and yummy appetizers lovely staff i asked for medium spicy and it was perfect relaxed and fun atmosphere looking forward to going back .
the biryani was not great the curries were okay i will give them some more time to settle down and hope their food gets better and consistent .
great place its a really nice place decor is greet and staff is really friendly prices are also great for manhattan pad thai is delicious .
below average pizza hard almost stale crust on both pies we ordered sauce and cheese were no better or worse than any other pizzeria around .
oh my this place was great the 9 peanut dumplings were fantastic my meat eater boyfriend couldnt believe they didnt have meat in them definitely start there im  that the next thing you order will be perfect .
service is horrible plus the food isnt that great dont waste you time going .
good chicken dumplings and excellent pad  mao the sauce was some of the best ive had on this standard thai dish .
well the meat was tasteless the cook forgot the wiz not worth the visit .
absolutely delicious great ambiance and service love the black light medallion ceiling quick correction on veggies  in an order made my own curry combo and they were totally accommodating great spices sophisticated seasoning beautiful food presentation i will be back yummy lychee martini .
jims steaks in west philly sucks their service and steaks are so  i rather go to south street or  .
excellent service by far the nicest staff ive encountered in a while the food is incredible the restaurant decor is so beautiful i like this place .
i do not understand the enthusiastic reviews of this establishment a bad neighborhood combined with a greasy cheesesteak make for a totally forgettable experience extremely disappointing .
a small and weird japanese restaurant food is good i like their japanese curry its not spicy at all and i feel very full after eating that you can even enjoy the beautiful scenery of champlain lake while you are eating .
16 breakfast buffet is a must avoid looks great inside attached to  hotel but food and service leaves much to be desired .
best sushi ive had in btv and the service has finally improved to meet the quality of the food .
theres definitely a problem when regular customers are treated rudely while everyone is  ambiance does not make up for really poor customer  this is one to avoid .
very good sushi and warm and friendly service the lake view is also amazing .
the cheapest tea they offer is around 3 25 pretty outrageous even for princeton .
very special place with  and fun menu and excellent service the place has a unique special design and very nice decor as well be sure to try out the selection of rolls and the chefs choice dish will surprise you .
really good food but the service tonight was terrible .
amazing sushi for a decent price must order volcano roll probably the best sushi roll ive ever had all the ingredients taste so fresh and the rice is absolutely amazing great service too definitely try it .
i was yesterday night for a good pizza but i have very bad experience w 20 years old manager what an asshole  dont know how can he manage a nice and good place like that .
very fresh fish and innovative options beautiful open space near the lake nothing wrong with the service a real gem in burlington .
cosy romantic spot for drinks inside and outside nice to gather some friends out thats it the food here is a joke the pizzas are bland and too pricey definitely not worth it .
i just had the best french onion ive ever experienced in a restaurant the buffalo chicken sandwich was great too and the service was very charming i will be back at paulines cafe .
good food but the service is almost nonexistent after ordering took over 45 minutes for a blt and a salad .
i was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the selections here i had the salmon special and was blown away i would highly recommend a visit if youre in the burlington area .
i just saw the big c in the window the cleanliness rating that is a step above being shut down why am i not surprised .
i really enjoyed my food i had the open face turkey sandwich with cranberries cabot cheese so good service was also good we enjoyed our time there the fresh fruit served with my meal was excellent my husband had the curried beef he liked it quite a bit .
great food all the time horrible service 90 of the time the staff is probably some of the worst in all of new york city .
weve been to paulines half a dozen times during various visits to burlington and every time weve have a great meal and a great dining experience highly recommended .
this place is good for what it is the food is expensive and the dining experience is fine the food is not remarkably good and neither is the restaurant itself for me although if i needed a place that was tasteful and expensive this restaurant would be great .
while returning from vacation in camden me we stopped in burlington for the night someone recommended paulines cafe and it was outstanding four different dinners four delicious results highly recommended .
i think the manager and the dude who forever  a hat and probably sleeps and  in it and lets not forget about the bartender with the fake looking tattoo all need a massive attitude adjustment .
inlaws in town for christmas and we wanted a place that wasnt in the downtown area paulines was the answer great food and service would recommend to anyone wanting a cosy quiet dinner .
went one weekday night staff was rude ignored us and even after we were seated she seemed irritated to even be at work will not return to that atmosphere .
one of my grandmothers favorite spots they offer a good range of fresh tasty food for brunch lunch and dinner .
i just dont understand the hype cheesesteak is just fine bread is nothing special and the meat was tough and hard to chew was pretty disappointed as i have yet to find a great cheesesteak .
rainy day in burlington had french onion soup and caesar salad simple but very good great service .
they ran out of bread really went over to tony lukes where they had plenty of bread .
the best hamburger in the burlington area delicious local meat done to perfection yum .
place was closed when i showed up at 8 on friday the  you want a good review you need to be open it didnt even have an explanation as to why they were closed i went two hours out of my way for this mediocrity .
we really enjoyed our meals here gourmet in style rich flavors and each meal tastes unique not like each other .
i came here on a friday at two my cheesesteak fix was a due shop was all closed with not even a sign no person in sight to explain why .
cant go wrong with anything that you order here beef skewers are my favorite thing ive been there for drinks and its just your average town bar .
very good tofu pot but services were not good we were forced to order more than we can eat ended up with a whole fish wasted as we were traveling prices are a bit high except for the hot pots 20 for bibimbap not again for us .
great place great staff an food is excellent all food is fresh mussels  are so tastey specials are wonderful .
pricey for the portion size good flavor though but service also was pretty bad empty drinks all meal two of five with me got food 10min before the rest and finished eating before the food showed up not quite up to the 45 rating from 500 reviewers .
i thought the french onion soup was outstanding and the special of cajun shrimp and mozzarella over garlic bread was also delicious .
stomach ache after a one hour wait for a table is not my kind of place food was good but im not that experienced in traditional korean cuisine and pricey too .
great food good local bar service can be slow but its worth it try the house salad with  homemade dressing best ever .
it was just okay food tasted only okay surprised reviews rating is so high also kind of pricey .
chef sarah  has brought a taste of the south to  nj staff is friendly the ambience is pleasant and the food is incredible cant wait until i make it back to try more of her incredible menu .
if they tell you to wait 25 min that means one hour and five for you to get a table and 25 mins to get the main dishes food is okay but not worth the time .
great bacon and cheese pizza hand tossed love this little gem they even have personal pizzas .
the side dishes were good the main entrees were underwhelming kalbi was especially disappointing and very little meat i seriously left hungry and that has never happened before at a korean restaurant go to  next door much better food and awesomely priced .
better then most in the area .
not worth the wait or the hassle they want customers to pay for water owner is generally not focused on customer satisfaction was way better when in the burg not the same quality poor service way better options out there .
this is a restaurant that is diner themed i thought the food was delicious i had the lamb chops which were perfectly cooked and flavorful and the cauliflower mac and cheese i thought the mac and cheese could use more cheese but it was still good .
nice atmosphere just went for dessert and it was very disappointing the chocolate mousse is burnt and online menu is out dated bouncer was very rude and  .
just randomly happened upon this place during a business trip to the area this place was full during lunch the service was great and the food was fresh definitely recommend .
in crowds only drinks and fried food please oy not on my diet or stomach .
the americana diner has  itself as a fine diner along with eat better food so these low reviews for what it aint are stupid go enjoy a diverse menu and some good eats .
midtown is better this one was forgettable i dont even remember what i had there thats how forgettable it was midtown has better decor and food and menu .
one of the best around that i have been too weekends are always busy busy busy but the food is spectacular i love the irish omlet great for groups meetings if need to have them there very kid friendly .
expensive food and small portions .
the restaurant was terrific everyone enjoyed their meals and there is something for everyone service was excellent and everyone was very friendly  was top notch the complimentary bread was awesome as well i recommend this place to everyone .
great ambiance but the prices are way too high for what you get .
my wife i went to americans because it was featured on  best diners show on food network we were not disappointed .
ive been here several times and i think im done the prices are high for the quality and quantity the food is decent and the location and setting are great but there always a huge cramped cluster of people pushing through i like bustling not crowded elevator .
by far the best diner around classy upscale options as well as basic diner food all done with style very good service diners are part of living in new jersey like  girls when you find a good one you know it .
it had been a while since i had been here the prices seem to have gone up while the portions and menu have  there are certainly better places to go in olde city .
another great breakfast this time i had the cinnamon french toast with fresh bananas and strawberries bacon on the side perfection i tried some of my nephews hash awesome light but flavorful fresh squeezed oj too price cant be beat .
i had heard good things but did not love it we had a rude server who seemed too busy for us even though few people were in the restaurant  my order came incorrectly and i had to wait a loooong time to get a new salad .
cant lose here an excellent establishment that is  run and the menu changes very often always fresh ingredients bakery on premises ad pricing that is very reasonable .
why did the  pay 12 dollars for a martini because he loved giving money to stephen  ­ .
the rich grits is one of the best dishes ive eaten seafood spaghetti was perfection just enough to fill me with an incredible buttery garlic sauce .
ill go here occasionally because its convenient but the food is not that good if you want incredible vietnamese food try pho hong in burlington its actually worth the extra drive .
americana rounded up from 3 5 overall okay pretentious menu save the scallops for  smaller menu win good eggs benedict secret menu does exist very pleasant staff .
atmosphere is at the bottom end of takeout asian which is not good my food was pretty lousy and my wifes literally had a cockroach under her main dish they handled it well by comping everything but still .
great service and good food better than typical diner fare just a touch more upscale enjoyed it and the dessert was super plum cobbler yum .
its gotten worse the staff is nice .
went on a sunday early dinner food was great and staff was friendly and attentive overall a great experience .
mollys is a dartmouth tradition and in that sense mollys does a great job the food however really leaves a lot to be desired .
best diner in the tri state area my son a cheeseburger nut says they are the best anywhere i may have to agree pretty much everything is absolutely amazing and the atmosphere is high end i really love this place .
i like the service but what the kitchen  lacks substance and is reminiscent of friendlys for the price i cant give it a high review .
what a great diner clean great food and service also while diners usually have literally anything you want this place has more of a build your own type menu which i absolutely love since i usually  menu items .
the service was slow the food was cold and the wait staff were eating instead of helping us the interior was too dark and kinda cluttered .
i brought my wife and child in this restaurant and it was an overall great experience the food tasted great and the atmosphere was welcoming i had the tuna dish which came out in a responsible amount of time will definitely be back .
what a change and not a good one staff is practically invisible spaghetti under cooked and watery meatballs would not eat in again stick to take out pizza .
great food i try to come here when visitng friends over this way .
dont eat here food is mediocre on a good day and the owner is a pompous arrogant jerk we will never eat here again with all the great foodie spots to dine at you would think the food would be better .
we love to stop here after work to unwind at their lounge the mixed drinks are yummy but  their bartenders know what theyre doing the food is awesome the servers are always attentive and know the menu .
pizza was decent really nothing special and their sub was tasteless and extremely dry it was a one time try because its in the area and family owned but i wouldnt go back .
just love this place even tough menu is smaller food and service is best in area for a dinner .
decent italian food pasta lacked a lot of seasoning but it wasnt too bad .
went there for breakfast it was awesome the french toast is somewhat lightly battered but tasty the pancakes are awesome the sausage was also good best of all was the carafe of freshly squeezed orange juice worth every penny .
expensive rude staff long waits and watery sauce on everything .
never disappoints not a true diner you wont find your basic diner items but you will enjoy the food .
service is painfully slow although the place is 34 empty post  the burgers were really good worth the long wait fresh cut fries would really up the score .
not your average dinner food and service is gourmet and upscale great atmosphere .
ordered take out and the garlic parmesan chicken was ok but the calamari fries were disgusting not nearly close to how described on the menu with no parmesan cheese as advertised .
excellent service fresh and tasty food very clean homemade marmalade delicious .
place is kind of a hole food is ok prices are good atmosphere kind of sucks to many college kids and bros dont even think about going on a weekend night .
very classy place bread is incredible many great food options .
theres a fight first thing when i came in halloween weekend maybe it was a fight club theme either way pretty ghetto the music was upbeat though .
love their omelettes excellent coffee and bread too fruit cup is always freshly cut  and  warmly welcome you when you arrive and the entire staff is attentive and friendly try their light start for  and tasty the americana is our favorite place for brunch .
i felt old and had never been so amused this is what i  in ruben james nightlife an older woman dropping it like its hot someone leaving a 2 in the guys restroom sink people replicating the jersey shore .
exceptional diner think gourmet chef meets diner fare always consistent great creative breakfast and lunch selections .
we only hit up here for early drinks andor reggae nite lots of college kids but nothing special to right home about drinks are decent and the tunes on reggae night are right on point .
wonderful the food is wonderful fresh and the menu is updated often the prices are affordable they have online ordering that is easy to use i have yet to find a place that cares for not only their customers but the quality of food that they serve .
go for  wings and the beer and food specials eat and drink your fill and get out before ten after ten it tends to  with skanks and  oops did i write that .
while its a little on the pricey side for diners the food does not disappoint i ordered a greek salad and the ingredients were pleasantly fresh the soup was also very delicious and tasted very fresh id love to return and try out more of the menu .
man it smelled so good but didnt deliver line was too long price is too high dough is too thick filling is too bland and grease is too abundant i think that sums it up .
its not on the menu but the bacon egg and cheese  i also like how they leave the pitcher of coffee on the table .
do not eat here all these five stars are fake my girlfriend found a bug in her food .
everything i have ever ordered here has been fabulous i would suggest checking out the lounge dining totally different experience it has a romantic atmosphere and bring you warm homecooked bread with every meal they also have specials with wine .
waited an hour for delivery which wouldnt be a big deal if the meal wasnt a gelatinous mess of way overcooked pasta swimming in salty sauce ugh .
i have been coming here for years great place for breakfast lunch service and food quality is good but i do miss the mom pop quality back in the day talking about 15 years ago .
ate here once and thought it was ok so i ordered delivery from seamless but the lasagna was horrible not fresh the cauliflower was old and  and the bread was stale absolutely awful never again .
i love the breakfast food and the lunch sandwiches you can not go wrong with a  omlette and a side of guac its the best way to start a day its really the best diner ive ever been to and thats a lot .
va  was way better bread was stale olive oil was tasteless and my spaghetti was like ramen i go to italy all the time so i know what italian food is supposed to taste like obviously these people are cutting corners not recommended .
ive been going here for decades and love it i think they made a big mistake letting   mess with their classic diner menu i havent been back to see if its returned but have to say that you cannot go wrong with breakfast anytime of day .
worst pizza ever ordered a pepperoni pizza got a pizza with no cheese and no pepperoni when i called to ask they said they were out of pepperoni and sorry couldnt do anything about it .
americana has emerged as my favorite diner in the area  burger was great i was seated near the dessert case so i had to sample a cupcake for dessert it was just ok cant wait to go back and try one of their gigantic omelets .
the second star is for good service only we didnt even finish eating our pizza it was so bad cheese was rubbery crust was bland and toppings were mediocre its no wonder they make their pepper flakes so spicy its so you cant taste the pizza .
the is no better diner in nj .
waited 50 minutes for a well below average pizza just sayin .
great eclectic menu lots of stuff you would not find at your usual diner cool decor nice bar servers are attentive and polite cute waitresses a bit pricey though .
the owner has responded to my yelp review seven update 10 times he is insane i will never dine here again not even for the mediocre pizza .
good food all around have enjoyed breakfast lunch and dinner at this diner good reliable breakfast soups sandwiches and burgers .
the service was pretty bad the pizza was average what i really do not get is the owner responding to so many reviews seems sad when someone cannot accept  no need to  .
fantastic place for breakfast food and service is excellent with reasonable prices what more could you ask for this place deserves a better rating .
stupid expensive only offer plain and pepperoni as normal slices no garlic salt  red pepper or parmesan went here once and will never go here again dumb dumb dumb .
incredible meal prices are high but worth it menu rotates constantly and dining room is tiny and intimate i would recommend this place to anyone .
the atmosphere does not make up for the terrible pizza .
really outstanding food and a cute interior waitress  was a little cold but all in all a great dining experience very loud be ware if you are hearing  like my father and use a hearing aid .
one star for over priced pizza in no way is this pizza worth double the price i will pay more to support locally owned business but not at this level .
i was brought here for a work dinner last week its b y o b and the food is fantastic the salmon is some of the best ive never had service was very good i dont get to phila very often but will return here .
this was our 2nd visit and im afraid it turned out like our first close but no cigar im sorry but if im spending around 110 for dinner per couple with tip i want to be impressed i wasnt nor were the other two couples we were with .
best restaurant food and server were both amazing .
is very hard to get a hamburger wrong i ask for mayo and even that was charged to the account the meals are very small and the food is below average .
delicious food perfect portions wonderful ambiance .
burger was overcooked the burger was saved by throwing every topping possible on it i will be back to try this location again but for now its a 2 star food 4 star bar .
enjoyed a sunday evening tasting here the five course meal was delicious and had such range yet a southern theme started off with fried oysters and ended with a pecan pie although a bit pricey was up to expectations .
sadly each time weve been here the food has been just meh and the service less than stellar probably wont give it another go after the frequent failed attempts as much as i want to like this place given the cool atmosphere and location .
the sunday tasting menu is a fantastic bargain each dish while not spectacular was excellent and well worth the price .
this place would be great if servers kept up with the tables this place is trendy but lacking in service .
loved the food great restaurant with only a few tables i will be back .
went for lunch and it was not good i will never return update i went back it was still not good it was raining and we  in .
great food and even better service had the cobia dish which was cooked to perfection parking can be tricky so i ended up at the lot on south a few blocks away for 11 would definitely come back .
staff were kind but the elk meat was very tough and the pheasant sausage was kinda bland the watermelon ale on draft was lovely .
if i could go here every day of the week i would it is an amazing experience and i do get around the philly food scene you will experience flavors that you wont experience anywhere else and its byob ok there is no reason not to go .
not a great place for food or especially service the burgers are okay salads fair other than that yuk great place to watch  take off and land on a nice day but dont let the food bring you here or the terrible service overpriced .
i loved this place it was amazing small little place small menu  that leaves you enjoying and craving more you can see the chefs cook the food and taste everything this place is off the beaten path but worth finding loved it .
horrible service found a hair in my food they brought out a new cheesesteak and salad but in reality used the same cheesesteak and put the salad in a bowl without the hair would not recommend this restaurant .
i am a fan little fish is actually quite little probably seats about 24 people cozy friendly atmosphere and great food oysters octopus and striped bass were all excellent octopus and the fish were both perfectly cooked food was interesting and delicious would return .
this place has only one thing going for them the view of the airport .
the sunday prix fix is worth every penny and for 33 a person its actually a very good deal 5 courses 2 hours i would recommend a particular dish but its totally chefs choice on sundays but worth it .
ehh its cute outside but nothing special the pizza tastes like old cardboard that was left out in the rain .
my favorite restaurant in philadelphia the menu is adventurous fresh and always changing pairings are exceptional and the ambiance is worth the price tag .
not what i expected even after a few visits prices too high for what they offer and quality of meals was marginal drink prices are too high for what this place really is more like a diner than what they are attempting to be not coming back .
tuna was effing amazing literally melts in your mouth tried cobia for the first time and my mind was blown i mean what the heck is cobia nevertheless i left very satisfied and with the knowledge that cobia is my new favorite fish .
avoid this place ordered cheeseburger with cup of chili both inedible chili was placed within a container and put in microwave burger was cooked well done even though i was never asked how i like my burger cooked .
35 four course prix fixe menu on sundays makes this byo an even better deal i love how he pairs melon with sashimi in the summer  is my favorite fish get cobia if youve never had it before .
nothing special dirty and bathrooms were horrible good for a few guys getting a quick beer but nothing else .
fantastic hidden gem in philly i went here with two friends during a recent trip down to philadelphia what a nice surprise to discover this restaurant all the main dishes and appetizers are tasty we were pleasantly surprised how full we were after our seafood dinner as well .
 is a shabby sports bar the food is forgettable it should never have been in the philadelphia restaurant week listings the friend i invited along no longer  my judgement i felt very taken advantage of .
we went for the sunday tasting menu and everything was delicious great fresh seafood good service byob what more can you ask for .
wish i could give it 0 stars slow rude service and it is filthy avoid at all costs .
literally as good as it gets the best meal ill have all year truly a privilege to be able to eat such amazing food try it for yourself .
i wish there was another one close to me every time i go there its just bad service and rude people the black lady that helped me at the counter was the worst .
came here a few times for dinner and their food is excellent one of my favorite seafood restaurants only downfall is that the restaurant is a little too  when its busy .
mediocre pizza with bad service in the hour that we were there we had three different waiters and none of them were able to keep our drinks full or table clean pizza was okay service is bad .
would be a 5 but they have to do something about the air conditioning in the summer and their oysters are excellent but pricey otherwise wonderful seafood byob .
do not eat here it took one hour to bring out out food with the wait staff offering no information about what was going on lots of wait staff offering no service no one in the restaurant since it was an off peak time .
great little seafood restaurant looks like it seats 12 max if you are looking for something intimate and good seafood i highly recommend byob also .
food was ok i mean for the price cant really complain but as service goes that was terrible dont know how they  like that it seems like either they dont have enough help or there servers just suck .
bacon scallops my god .
as a first timer i enjoyed the margherita pizza but it was not the best ive had the house salad had a white dressing that tasted weird the four cheese pizza left a lot to be desired the staff was friendly and professional however .
very impressed perfectly prepared great tasting memorable food definitely worth repeat visit .
pricey if you go for pizza though it offers more it will be 40 for two unless you get slices been there twice and the service was lousy both times but people tell me that they like the place do i give it a third try .
service was excellent dishes were good atmosphere comfortable and quaint .
tasty so dad never come here again the food is too oily fish is only salty it is chef course .
this is my favorite seafood place in center city you cant beat byob with a handwritten menu that includes the freshest and best tasting seafood in the area its tiny but  and cozy .
i agree with other comments below had restaurant week lunch and the chicken was like rubber could hardly cut it initial service was very slow why not do your best for restaurant week as most of us are trying different places to decide whether or not to return .
there a very few meals that leave with you that  high this was one of them .
high price and small portions dont necessary make a place a  restaurant this is just an example nothing of what i tried impressed me .
little fish is an amazing experience ive been to a lot of good restaurants and this is the first time where i literally ordered every single item on the menu and enjoyed every last bite go here .
food was mediocre the service was horrible and they are overpriced then they added an 18 gratuity to our bill for three people .
the food here was very enjoyable we both loved it i went based just on the reviews it was small but clean im grateful the food was good because the server was a little rude i might go back .
service is outstanding 20 of a big bill will always get attention but the food is poor my scallops were the size of peas the steak had the consistency of rubber horrible experience way overpriced for what it claims .
great funky intimate spot marvelous seafood thats all fun to watch the chef and  chef prepare good service .
the service was terrible the appetizers are so small and not so good the main dishes was really good the restaurant is pricy i will not comeback .
great fish and small intimate atmosphere if you like fish and a downtoearth feel for your restaurant little fish is a good pick .
too expensive for the quality the food is just ok .
everything was great nice very comfortable small place with very good service and great food .
had breakfast here so terrible the bacon was burnt and the scrambled eggs were just standard not even butter for the bread never again .
went tonight for the sunday dinner and wow is it a great deal food was excellent and well prepared best fried mussels ever wait staff could of been friendly dont miss it .
pretty place food portions so small steak dish wasnt even 4 oz fish dry wouldnt go back .
did the sunday tasting last night amazing food amazing service i dont usually care for mussels but i devoured a  in fact i think all four of us ate every  of food that was served to us really an ideal dining experience .
what didnt work for me atmosphere wasnt right prices should be lowered dishes recommended blue crab pasta a must have a bit spicy .
your back lets never fight again i missed you .
beautiful setting terrible food bad flavor served cold surly service nothing like  .
small quaint place with excellent food love  so this place is perfect mussels in a coconut curry were delicious not too many  outside as we left so you might want to call one ahead of time overall little fish was delish .
good burger good vibe dont expect any love from the bartenders was there a few times with friends and drank aplenty at the bar they know not what a  is .
i havent been here but someone hoa t said they were closed i called and they recommend going to their other site  com not sure if the food is the same tho .
cash only packed not enough staff .
went back for the sunday dinner again i thought it was the same great but  liked it a lot more just because there was no sardine awesome awesome place .
note the staff here would like to make it clear that they are a bar with a food window as in they want you to understand that they are not a restaurant they should work on not being listed under restaurants then in my opinion .
seriously this place is nasty worst food ever dont come now it will be easier for me to get a reservation for the amazing 28 five course sunday night dinner .
bartenders are aloof to the point of being rude and completely ignoring you crowd is  and boring .
absolutely  we had the mussels coconut sauce and a fish dish that was terrific service was absolutely phenomenal cant wait to go back .
very slow service staff didnt quite seem to know what to do yet chicken was moist ribs were dry cinnamon and apples too sweet may try one more time .
must have a reservation really good lots o love in the food totally worth the price .
taste alright but expensive compare to portion of the food you are getting with same amount im spending here i would look for other food choice .
best seafood ive ever eaten mussels were delicious as was the tuna unfortunately the halibut was sold out so we couldnt try it but i guess that just means ill have to go again soon completely worth the trip .
big portions of fries they changed the hot dogs havent been to a jimmies in 10 years not the same hot dogs were awful .
tasty and  tiny i could have used some more veggies on the entree though .
this place was terrible went for the view of the ocean when we were in town but we were completely disappointed fried clams were gritty french fries soggy and the fried calamari had absolutely zero seasoning this was a complete waste of money .
this cozy little byo never lets me down i can always expect to leave  on deliciously prepared seafood their sunday prix fixe is always a pleaser if you suffer from  avoid this gem at all costs otherwise expect a great meal would call ahead for reservations .
if you walk behind this restaurant smell it and still want to eat here you deserve the heartburn diarrhea jimmies will give you .
not only did little fish serve up the best seafood i have ever tasted but it is the best place i have eaten in all of philadelphia amazing dont forget byob and try the diver scallop appetizer .
just ok food but hands down the most disgusting bathroom i have ever seen in a restaurant it looked like someone intentionally  every gross thing you could think of and then left it there for a week or maybe a month one word ick .
have always had good meals here family favorite too .
not what it used to be for sure their lobster bisque is great though and i love the pictures of old  rock but for the most part diner like food like this id rather go to pops restaurant in milford .
im not by any means a huge fan of seafood and this place is just a delight all of the ingredients are fresh and the fish is cooked to perfection cant wait to go back .
nice trendy atmosphere sushi isnt the greatest they didnt even roll it properly it was falling apart i have had better sushi else where not worth the price .
the food is absolutely excellent that staff is great and helpful the owner is a delightful person and works to create whatever your heart desires the pork and steak are amazing and they are always trying new variations on food and hot sauce dont pass this place up .
nice vibe good drinks the food was ok until they came and asked us to leave during our desert because we had been here for 2 hrs wtf .
good food fresh and tasty great bang for your buck portions are filling dining area is small and really clean will be back .
grocery store sushi and not even whole foods got food poisoning nough said .
the best comfort brunch this is your place when youre hungover and need a fatty skillet full of pork youll leave happy .
mediocre food upscale prices the sushi tastes fishy not fresh and the servings are not generous nice vibe pretty place to meet up for happy hour bar is nice decor is great more of a get together place than a great dinner place .
ive mostly only been here to drink but we got snacks every time the crawfish mac n cheese and the deviled eggs are so good also the atmosphere is friendly .
if i could not give any stars i would i have been going here for years and recently the staff had been soooo rude and out of line i cant even comment on the food dont waste your time there are better places to go .
amazing burger great service with cheap beers and i heard  drinks here so it must be cool .
the 15  roll looks like a  roll in fact we ordered 3 rolls in that price range and they were small what happened bus boy making the rolls wasnt like that the last time we were there although its been a while .
try the  and the  you wont regret it everything else we had was excellent as well why not 5 stars its just not a 5 star kinda place thats all its friendly its satisfying and it certainly  your thirst its a pub with great food .
full of fat  gross .
its a great location peaceful environment havent eaten here yet however the bar selection is decent they have  the blue ribbon of texas brunch everyday and good snack selection for late night cravings finally its important to have wifi and they do cheers .
expensive place nice setting poor quality sushi id suggest  sushi in rutherford instead .
awesome place great coffee by cafe grumpy great atmosphere and food .
im not sure about anyone else but the buffalo chicken sandwich gave both a girl and me a horrible stomach ache it was good but not worth the pain i had to go through .
get the chicken biscuit its so good the cajun burger is meh .
12 price sunday wing special and sports good times .
i came here once earlier this year late night our bartender was very friendly down to earth and just overall pleasant it was laid back and casual i must say i had way too much to drink and at 25 a shot i should of known better lol .
second visit soggy fries ok burger cajun fries very  seasoned we will not return too much competition for our food dollar .
great place to relax enjoy a beer on a hot summer day love the outdoor seating and staff food is fantastic and prepared by some kick ass staff bloody marys are delicious and beer selection is better than most .
they had just opened and the staff and manager had no idea what they were doing we literally sat there for 35 minutes waiting to get served we eventually walked out .
update took my mom here 2 weeks ago and they have gf buns for the burgers score and an extra star for the fact that i can leave here at too full now .
ive been here  sure if its worth my while to give this place a second opportunity the only person working there was   my food wasnt memorable just okay .
austin the bartender is making a robot out of an empty jameson bottle service is good music selection is good decent selection of whiskey why not come  .
douchebag central bring back the  .
my favorite burger in the neighborhood with pickled onions and spicy mustard yum chicken biscuit is also good reasonably priced relaxed place always have a nice time here good bloody marys and nice bartenders too .
 was awesome until they cut food portions in half but kept prices the same overall food quality has slipped too bad rip off .
came in here for happy hour today only 3 for  on draft and its like 2 for a pbr or miller high life i think great crowd great bartenders great for getting some writing or reading done love this place .
great service slow kitchen servers were polite and very welcoming which was needed to make up for the huge wait time to get our food when it finally came is was ok but not worth the wait .
i love heavy woods this is a regular spot for me from the food from  shop to the best  ever also a big fan of the  shot .
i usually get rigatoni vodka which is delicious today tried spaghetti with meatball and sausage it tasted like they made it yesterday and reheated it definitely taking a break from romeos for a while aljons and brothers is much better .
went here for brunch i had something thats basically an open reuben sandwich with eggs benedict on top i e toasted rye with corned beef and swiss sauerkraut pickles poached eggs and hollandaise basically the best thing ive had to eat in at least a year .
this place is straight up garbage i got a chicken parm hero and didnt even finish it and i never waste food there were only a few strips of dried out chicken in my hero i was so pissed that i lost my appetite .
cute friendly staff creative food options .
i got the gyro platter for lunch which was dry uninspired and nothing like a deconstructed gyro worst of all it came with vegetables which looked more like poop tasted that way too there are better places in fairmount for lunch and they wont serve you poop either .
good fare fairly priced kind service had the duck okra  get the biscuit on the side hard to tell by the menu if some items are entrees or snacks but at 20 i left feeling satisfied so thats that .
i was disappointed when i went here for dinner on friday night the food was just mediocre and the service slow i did sit outside which probably accounts for the slow service still i was hoping for better .
the best little gem in town the drinks and bartenders are amazing one word for you  shes too cute .
nothing that special food is mediocre and overrated went once and said never again .
heavy woods is a great bar with new orleans style small plates the drinks are reasonably priced and they have a large selection pale ales they serve the food on   the atmosphere is relaxing the lighting is dark and they have a great music selection .
its been a while since i ordered delivery from here i use to order here a couple times a week the portion size of the meat platter  to 12 definitely not worth 17 now very disappointed .
bar cafe thats cozy and just the right amount of chill perfect when  .
meh food was ok place is cheaply decorated and not as appealing .
i unexpectedly had a pretty darn good meal here both of the po boys were excellent it was nice that they have ample outdoor seating its a nice low key hangout when the weather is good all of that and friendly staff means ill be back .
i dont know if its just me but pricey is what i felt after not being impressed like i expected 2 meat combo chicken and lamb over spiced and dry it tasted like it was reheated not really interested in trying twice .
five stars for the food ten stars for the beer this is an awesome addition to bushwick always good times .
the staff is friendly but the food isnt great i went there twice to give them a second chance but it was the same to make matters worse they prepared one of my foods with the use of a microwave 2 stars because the staff is friendly .
 irish coffee best thing ever tastes like  riding the grand  of happiness to never never land coming back for this once again tastes like a coffee bean  and jameson also their chicken biscuit is a  actually all hail the biscuit of chicken .
i have one word for this place disgusting the meat that i ordered looked like somebody chewed it and threw up gross never going back .
amazing food also a really cool bar over hear in bushwick crunchy pork bellies catfish poboy grass fed burger they did for me  style was off the chain .
ill give it a 2 star for the sangria cause the leche de  was terrible the jalea was too small .
the fact i an sit back and get an amazing coffee followed by an amazing beer all why getting some work done on their free wifi is amazing cool vibe and cool people the cherry on top of it all was the bald  amazing music taste .
i dont get what all the hype is about this place their empanadas are mediocre at best the chicken in my empanada was still raw the beef empanada was ok i was not impressed my moms are better .
love this bar super chill always a spot available either at the bar or a table sick cocktails bartenders are always nice good pours on wine .
i was looking forward to going to stellas empanadas for the longest especially after seeing the yelp reviews i was so disappointed with the food i was really expecting authentic  food and got american empanadas .
cool little bar laid back somewhat limited food menu but what it does have is done well very good poboys great addition to its section of bushwick .
good pizza terrible service after 35 min waiter came back said they lost our order oye vey .
awesome place day or night .
soggy delivery and really bland flavors ill take pix underground over this place any day .
im not often in bushwick during the day but i thought this was the perfect spot i love bars that also serve great coffee this place has a cool vibe and has plenty of space for working on your laptop .
rudest hostess saw her snap at several people in line luckily a nice gentleman seated my party the chicken sandwiches were awful it had no flavor at all and was strangely sweet .
this place is so cute i prefer coming here on a week night during the day is a perfect spot to drink coffee and  with the girls on wifi .
blah what crappy service took forever to get our drinks and the pizza was not memorable in fact i cant recall what i had probably the margherita hate when i am basically ignored and dont get my wine before the food .
awesome spot bartenders are super attentive and suggested beers that i may like based on previous orders im hoping to become a regular .
check your bill i ordered a classic pizza with two toppings by phone and they overcharged me 4 dollars hoping that i would not notice what a fucking ripoff .
love the mulled cider love sitting by the windows love the atmosphere and  is a super nice bartender i need to go  the day for  time another great bar by the  stop .
the 1 star is for inconsistency with delivery its hit or miss and today it was a huge miss when they hit it isnt bad pizza but is it worth the chance of a ruined lunch no .
great spot comfortable nonpretentious inexpensive good music and youre made to feel welcome alex one of the bartenders is a total charm plus he makes some killer bloody marys kitchens supposed to be opening up in a couple of weeks so that should be an added draw .
4 stars nooo this place does not warrant 4 stars at all the pizza was edible nothing spectacular with all the amazing pizza places in ny this place does not even rank .
great new bar they really did a great job with the design and they bartenders are very friendly great addition to the neighborhood .
these people are jerks i called for a reservation to take my office to lunch and they wouldnt take my reservation or even let me talk to the manager it seems like a dumb business idea since i would have been spending hundreds and hundreds of dollars .
worth your time clean friendly great beer and  selection stopped there for a  celebration and left totally  because the bartender is a great guy and knows how to serve a bday drank lineup .
i dont know why people in my firm keep ordering pizza from this place the stuff is salty the toppings are not very generous the combinations  and boring the dough is too thick for my taste at least and its kinda expensive .
5 pints with all good beer on tap and the rustic wooden bar is enough for me to give a place 5 stars the bar staff is great and the place gets full pretty quickly and has little seating but i dig it .
mediocre pizza and horrible attitude by manager he was indifferent to the waitress bringing out the wrong food which i was allergic too would not go back .
great food and drinks pricing reasonable and atmosphere is great place nicely decorated too .
i used to think this place was ok but not worthy of all the best pizza in nyc  then i found hair baked into my pizza crust hair disgusting never ever eating  again .
there are some very good authentic mexican dishes mixed in with your typical texmex fare the help is inviting and attentive the mole and fish dishes are very good great decor and we like the alcoves  around the restaurant consistent and inexpensive worth visiting .
its over rated the atmosphere is pretty good compared to a normal nyc pizza place but i would pick pizza  any day of the week .
havent been here in a while the outside of the restaurant is not so appealing however the inside is very clean and festive the staff is great it gets a good crowd and the food was great .
too greasy not very fresh tasting mind you we got it delivered so it may not be 100 fair .
this place was crazy inside with   food was tasty and service was outstanding they offered us complimentary shots and desserts cant argue with that great place .
decent designer pizza given the prices good service at the tables but if you do take out you feel like an annoyance to them very surly at the counter ill stick to the  pizza guys .
have been eating here for years love the food and atmosphere .
weird decor for a lake side location food was ok not good staff was friendly need to work out some  before i decide to ever go back .
this hole in the wall is the best place for breakfast in rahway great sandwiches compared to all the places ive tried nearby and the staff is sweet .
very bad experience the waiters always chatting with each other never refill my water i also found a bug inside my steam seafood pot this is the worse korean restaurant ever dont go .
this is the best spot in rahway nj for breakfast the place is small and cozy the staff is very friendly also .
i tried really hard to like this place i thought the idea of seeing food cook in front of me was cool it wasnt that great i didnt like having to cook my own food and almost got burnt preparing it .
this place is absolutely wonderful great food great prices and most importantly fantastic coffee service is fast and polite and the food is great if you want a good fast meal at a good price this is the place to get it .
not bad .
cozy and old school inside the prices food and service are all great make sure you bring cash .
pros bad service cons smokey .
very good food very big portions at a fantastic price been here a 100 times for the price you can not beat it .
interesting place but i think you really have to be korean to appreciate this place .
food comes out hot got to love good coffee .
cooking the live octopus by placing the octopus on top and not fully  it in the pot is like  if its going to die let it die faster having it die slowly is like slowly being burned to death .
ive been here many many times i absolutely love this place they have good portions for a good price my favorite dish is the chicken francese best on the island .
the owner is a nasty women shes extremely rude and doesnt know how to speak to customers i regret ever giving her business .
great food and a fun atmosphere cant wait to go back with the fam food was amazing i wish i could give it 10 stars .
ordered a pie for delivery and the crust was charred black to the point we couldnt eat it i dont know how this place has any good reviews based on the pizza they served us i will not be ordering from this place again .
 the bartender is the best i only come here for her its a great deal for brunch too if your idea of brunch is leaving wasted which lets be real it is .
ehhhh came here because of all the reviews wine tasted funny found a hair in my salad limited menu would not suggest this place for dinner maybe brunch is better really not sure .
i love this restaurant they have great food that is reasonably priced there is always a crowd when they have bands it is always a great band a great place to eat and relax with friends .
eh thats all i felt when i left oysters were good but the two entrees we had were uninspired dull great vibe cocktails .
the summer burger is the best burger you will ever have .
this buffet is horrible its the worst ive ever been to food is disgusting if you are looking for crab legs dont come here one of the only chinese buffets that doesnt have them very disappointed with this place .
not what i expected our open faced ruben was pretty good kinda weird as they had 80s rock on the speakers and a fine  atmosphere .
undercooked pancakes cold ham mediocre coffee nothing about this place  its high prices go to any number of places in the hood as an alternative .
one of my favorite north shore restaurants food is consistently good and the staff is friendly dinner specials are a good deal .
had the eggs benedict and my friend had the quiche both were below average for new york total bill was 60 including 2 teas and tip definitely overpriced given the below average quality wont go back and would not recommend .
excellent food wonderful cuisine have eaten dinner there and their brunch is fabulous reasonably priced .
overpriced great atmosphere and service but the food was marginal you can do better for 60 for two people .
i stopped in hearing that one of my favorite  were on tap what a beautiful bar attentive staff great service even a free cheese plate with yelp checkin oh and music list too we will be back .
food looked good but 20 for eggs bacon and toast sorry too much for me to spend on a simple meal .
service food was excellent may try to go back for the double burger before we leave melt in your mouth .
if you dont mind spending a kings  for huevos rancheros pancakes no waffles im afraid you may think youre very hip when you go here if you do mind i do then pass its fine but not that great frankly i would rather go to fairways upstairs .
loved this place we tried a dish called  for the first time they were excellent i loved the fact they give you a free cheese board with a yelp checkin if i return to vermont i will definitely go back to the bluebird .
1 told waiter of food allergies but he brought something that would have made me sick anyway then was rude about it 2 flies .
the drinks are divine youll drink yourself silly and poor here the concoctions are delectable and heady the food is juicy and bursting with flavor havent had a bad experience yet .
ive been here 3 times now and sadly i think im going to stop returning the breakfast options are just not that great the burger is bland perhaps i must be picking the wrong items but im not convinced anymore sadly looking for new options now .
always exceptional service professional without being stuffy the food is outstanding across the board .
good food terrible service .
i cant wait to try their new burlington venue about the food i had at their old  can only  and make  sounds a little  than im used to i go to satisfy a craving for something different or to celebrate .
drinks are good food is average .
i have been a sampler of vermont food for three years and bluebird  double burger is hands down the best burger in vermont .
awful today wrong order twice sharp plastic in my salad disinterested manager never going back i brought my parents and i was totally embarrassed .
great cocktails very competent and friendly staff oysters go there .
one word overpriced got the   was good but not worth the price my wife and i could have gotten better food at less than half the price at the local diner right across the street from where we live skip it leave it to the hipsters .
food was local and tasty great summer ambience so wish wed had the cheese board i had the burger which was great but not over the top the waitstaff was incredibly kind they really added to the experience .
food was overpriced and mediocre at best had the chorizo and shrimp mess which came with burnt toast sausage was not chorizo more like breakfast sausage was not worth the 24 cash only .
good food fast delivery but i think thats not the number  nice customer service .
the food wasnt great overpriced and to top it off the delivery man took way too long and was extremely rude when he showed up he looked disheveled and dirty and threw the food onto the desk complained about the tip .
i love  amazing food as a college student i am hungry at late times and they are usually open till 3 am which is amazing their food is cheap and tastes amazing .
been here 25 minutes finally got acknowledged took a further 15 to be asked if i wanted to order something i ordered decaf coffee and they have non how can a breakfast restaurant not have decaf its only half full at 8 30am i can see why .
loved this little greasy spoon tucked away in an apartment complex right next to the perelman museum classic breakfast foods as well as bagels and lox and deli sandwiches quick and  i had a tuna melt and it could be split .
i love bbq but here the bbq was just ok the nachos were very good but you can get good nachos anywhere the pies were good i wouldnt ask my friends to go back here .
i love this place it is where all my friends and i get together for breakfastlunch and even dinner the food is true diner food and fresh they deliver and are good to their customers .
went for brunch and after a long wait got the huevos rancheros fine but unimpressive service was decent yet spotty couldnt locate our waiter to order dessert the red velvet cupcake however was exceedingly delicious .
spinach omelets are great anytime but dont pass on the special salads with fresh hand carved turkey or the hand made cheeseburgers cooked to order no frozen patties here .
just had dinner here with my wife and thought the food was ok but a little greasy .
simple delicious inexpensive breakfast food i went on a friday after an appointment in the area and was delighted to find that the breakfast special on fridays is scrapple eggs i was sold .
way overpriced biscuit was great and food overall was fine but definitely not worth the prices .
great nostalgic diner but not of the annoying 50s variety it has a 70s tom waits vibe the food was great and the service is wonderful sit at the counter the fruit salad is the best ive ever had at a breakfast joint .
crap service average food slow to come and overpriced for what it is bubbys owes its existence to the lack of  restaurants in tribeca id suggest landmarc instead .
the food is consistant and they are always open philly needs more of this eggs cheesteaks etc .
decor comfy food humdrum prices  19 000 restaurants on this island do yourself a favor and walk past this one .
waitresses were nice even if they looked like they got dressed in the 90s and didnt care that the world changed p food was ok prices were decent maybe good for a hangover cure i have since changed my mind the monte cristo is worth it .
i enjoy the bubbys in brooklyn and the menu items are pretty similar to tribeca however i thought the food was definitely overpriced 18 for breakfast not including  was a bit too much the food was good but nothing to write home about .
excellent food i had eggs benedict best ive ever had the eggs were cooked perfectly the hollandaise sp delicious we certainly will return here for breakfast next time were in philly the prices are outstanding as well perfect breakfast spot .
mediocre food way overpriced pretentious too loud to have a normal conversation 30 000 restaurants in nyc you can do better easily .
great diner fast friendly service authentic local clientele and delicious food dont bother walking around to find something better in the neighborhood like we did it doesnt exist .
this place was so so .
just what youd expect from a greasy spoon diner good cheap breakfast and fast service .
i had lunch there it was just okay the pie was very good .
just go and enjoy great service good comfort diner food what else can you ask for .
food was one notch above terrible our  all had different items meatloaf included and the only decent thing were the rolls uck such a disappointment .
everyone knows to go here for breakfast its obvious need i say more or  anyone else has said .
this place is overrated overpriced and  just because they give your kids balloons and they have a photo booth in the basement doesnt mean its worth the visit .
love it every single thing was delicious we had chicken kabob platter chicken shawarma platter and the supreme middle eastern combo which is a little taste of everything hummus tabbouleh grape leaves and falafel everything was excellent we cleaned all the plates highly recommend .
a little over priced typical steaks good sides large desserts portion size .
this place is amazing my husband and i tried it for the first time and we loved every bite the servers were great too .
this was our second time coming here and this time the service was very slow and food nothing special at all especially at the prices they are charging the steaks were not cooked correctly and did i mention the slow service definitely would not go back .
the food and service was great will be dining here again soon the hummus was delicious and the beef kebabs were on point .
highlights large portion of red snapper entree well seared crispy skin well salted  everything else was bland an  green  fingerling potatoes some sort of fried garnish even the rolls were stale overpriced due to its proximity to  the bartender was very nice .
im really surprised at all of the hohum reviews for this place the food is great i recommend the tabbouleh and hummus with meat fantastic the service is slow so call ahead or pack your patience its worth the wait .
i dont like this place at all their pizza sucks they were good many years ago but not anymore .
sahara grill is very delicious and the food is of great quality the prices are fair as well as the portions i recommend you come when you want a great meal .
ive only been here once and not again since i cannot believe how salty the food is here granted i only tried a pasta dish but i cant say im interested in trying anything else because of the salt content .
hands down the best middle eastern food in philly the creamy hummus is amazing and the lamb  are to die for i absolutely love this place and eat there one a week .
mediocre chinese takeout i ordered the general tsos chicken while i was surprised at the good quality of the chicken itself it was not very flavorful .
very good if youre in the mood for middle eastern i wouldnt say it wowed me but it was fresh fast and delicious .
my very first italian hot dog ever ordered the single combo which is 1 dog and 1 sausage with the works a bit messy but unique cheap prices loved the old school set up inside and wanted to love the food however my stomach couldnt handle the grease .
by far my favorite restaurant in the city you must get the middle eastern combo platter .
this place have been here 4ever its still greesy pizza still sucks bread still just ok but the hot dogs fries keep this joint making money service is not the best but its consistent .
solid service delicious food i tend to get the zucchini and feta platter i can never finish it but i prefer it over the sandwich because the hummus that comes with it is excellent i was there today and i might have to go back for lunch tomorrow .
never again .
all of the dishes here are delicious prepared well and the ingredients are fresh every time i come i order something different and im always pleased with my meal the service is quick and friendly too .
fresh healthy ingredients however not authentic bi bim  if you want authentic korean food try out seoul bbq in new britain .
i lived in philadelphia for five years this place has the best hummus they always have fresh mint tea the service is quick and good baklava is amazing sweet rich yet light .
do not waist your time money or appetite on this place the rice was gloppy and the food was tasteless 1 star is generous .
plain decor but great food .
please note i have nothing against the people at the restaurant they are nice people it is something that i  that is disturbing i am not trying to be funny i am being real .
this place is so delicious its the best grilled chicked greek salad i ever had the cooks are seasoning masters everything we order is seasoned to perfection i eat from this place every chance i get definitely a must try .
there is nothing to boast less make a testament about the food  simply disgusting and  but however the decor is nice .
this is our go to place for fresh lebanese food the best dish on the menu is actually several the combination of appetizers and grilled meats its about 50 for 2 people but so worth it the yogurt drinks are also very good .
do not go here unless u have a reservation we waited 2 hours and still didnt get seated i wish they would just told us there wasnt any tables available .
fresh food with lot of choice price is ok and cofee was just excellent .
its overrated the food is nothing special but the location is amazing the atmosphere is nice but the attitude of the staff makes me never to dine there again the food is mediocre have had much better nothing special but i guess try for yourself and find out .
dropped in for a weekday lunch service was a bit  but the falafel sandwich  up there with some of the best in the city and the hummus with a touch of lemon was sublime prices were reasonable as well .
i am easy going obviously i am about to be far from easy the food is not good the view is spectacular service is meh and they have way too many rules regarding attire and menu schedule pass .
excellent value and location food was very tasty never crowded definitely returning .
no bueno waited 2 hours  and we got charged 700 no liquor lol it was a crazy experience and what makes it even  is that my co worker owns the building .
4 6 stars the hummus was very smooth and tasted fresh it may have been the best i have ever had the chicken shish kabob was wellseasoned and perfectly cooked the spicy lentil soup was quite good my friends shwarma was dry and the baklava was small .
the worst place ever waste of manager extremely rude long wait with reservations made no  according to the manager and chef they could not substitute rice for fries because of extra work never again .
short sweet i go to this place once a week my favs are the chicken salad and the falafel platter i dont go for the service or ambiance which is just  but yummy all the same .
we wanted to have a coffee outside and they told us it was only for eating not for coffee we had to go to the bar for coffee not nice .
my staple has always been the couscous lamb get it .
as locals weve tried the place twice and really wanted to make monument lane one of our regular dinner places sadly the food and especially the service have been disappointing one star .
really amazing mediterranean food i loved the chicken shish kabob ask for the green sauce on the side if you like spicy and you wont be sorry .
given this place multiple chances but it just sucks the staff is slow and rude last night i went and the waiter reached over my plate rolled his eyes when i asked a question and then  at his tip unreal .
the hummus here is really very good i tasted the first falafel i have ever had in my life here and it was pretty darn good i would love to come back here again if i get a chance .
i was excited to get over to monument lane it looked so cozy and delicious really sad to say i stopped in alone tonight and was treated so rudely by the bartender that i left maybe ill give it another shot at a table and not alone sometime .
its nice to be able to get takeout from such a nice restaurant the food is consistently yummy fresh and my sandwiches never completely fall apart while im enjoying them everyone is friendly and the decor is very pleasant and relaxing .
i went here a few weeks ago with my parents and i  remember thinking this food is just ehh nothing more nothing less and for the price it was more towards the eh bad scale the drinks were good and inventive i wouldnt go back .
baba ganoush and shish  were delicious .
had a brunch there eggs with bolognese dish was pretty awful greasy the eggs were overcooked for this dish the pancake was pretty bad too the arugula salad was not that fresh either just ate a little and left too bad really wanted to like it .
fresh tasty and very good restrooms need better cleaning and a new  job .
flatbreads are soggy flatbreads differentiate from pizza because the crunch this thing was as crunchy as soup .
amazing food and great service i highly recommend the mixed appetizer platter of baba  hummus  and marinated mushrooms and eggplant everything is fresh and very flavorful very attentive staff is cheerful and happy to cater to your requests love this place .
ive tried giving this spot a chance a few times because its so close to my work its mediocre at best the pasta dishes ive tried have been too salty to finish and the salads are overpriced for what is served .
rating 4 5 stars cost adjusted review for what we paid dinner was really good we had great appetizers and the kebabs for main course were a pleasure the decor is a bit shabby so dont use this place to impress a date otherwise good option byob .
came here for the first time since they were offering a groupon discount i was pretty disappointed their food is bland not like authentic thai food at all also its street parking only which is hard to come by on bloomfield ave .
delicious falafel hummus  etc i havent found falafel i like so much anywhere else and the prices are really good too service on the other hand is pretty bad but having grown up in philadelphia i dont really mind .
no egg no salt no oil no taste actually a strange taste not worth the ride to get them at 10 a bakers dozen it make it the most expensive ive ever purchased located in burlington  .
i ordered the grilled lamb dinner and liked everything the salad and grilled vegetables tasted like they were straight from the farmers market the lamb was perfect and i loved the iced tea nice  music too when can i come back .
this is a neat little place at a great location but the bar tenders are the worst in the city their lack of attention to customers could only be  by complete ignorance food looks good and i cant comment on wait staff .
very delicious and healthy food a little bit expensive but what do you expect for a restaurant in center city the owners are friendly and so are the waitresses and the chefs i really like everybody there and feel home when get into the restaurants .
this rooster is not happy and not friendly and this rooster has ridiculous expectations for drink prices get a bartender who smiles yikes .
i have been to the sahara grill two times the first time i had the shwarma and the second time i had the falafel with hummus both were good thoroughly filling and under 8 00 .
food was so badly prepared  on a plate burger was 13 the size of the bun waitress didnt even bring a glass for expensive beers and the booths are so low to the ground and so uncomfortable we couldnt get out of there fast enough .
so impressed this place has the best  i have ever tasted perfectly balanced mint and creamy rice and serve delicious food all around i have only tried their vegetarian options so cant speak for their meats .
food was pretty good especially the buffalo shrimp however the waitress had major attitude perhaps because we asked to simply fix the wobbly table and didnt want to sit next to a smokers table for this reason stay away there are better places with nicer staff .
this place is solid atmosphere is weird and quiet but the food is great tastes fresh comes out quickly i wouldnt say i know a ton about middle eastern cuisine but this seems to be authentic try their special iced tea its good .
we just went for drinks on a saturday night service was poor drinks were overpriced and we got overcharged they had one bartender  i believe and they were  womp womp .
i really like coming here when i want some sit down middle eastern near my apt the food is fresh tasty and never disappointing never had a problem with service either itll continue to be a place i frequent .
bad news order wrong steak cooked noisy place filled loud drunks nice waitress though and good onion rings .
great hummus baba ganoush and falafel went there with family a while ago its convenient a block off broadway near shopping and the  and inside its clean with good food at a reasonable price definitely worth the time and money ill go back .
okay local dive bar .
good selection easy location decent  whats to complain about seems like a great place for vegetarians even  ones i ordered a beef kabob wrap and  to get through the whole salad that had also been crammed in with .
they dont deliver nuff said .
great service great food great prices totally  quick and delish love it ps the waiter here is a hottie .
got take out ive had much better and paid much less .
i have never had a bad experience here i mean common its a buffet obviously some stuff that has been sitting for a bit isnt perfect but for the price and all you can eat i would choose this place over any other  place around any day .
ordered the italian wedding soup the menu  showed a large bowl of soup with lots of escarole white beans and 8 meatballs they brought me a small covered ramekin with three meatballs and five white beans i counted total rip off .
sunrise buffet really deserves more stars it is hard to find cheap food in this small town for 10 buffet i think the food is quite decent ive never suffered any  of food poisoning after dining there and the food is actually served at a good temperature .
the place looks decent but the food was definitely not great we ordered the indochinese appetizers and  food and it was upto the mark i will not recommend this place .
not bad for a small town worth the money i went for lunch once a week dinner once in a while .
really hit or miss first time there my husband and i thought it was decent enough to go back 2nd time the food was terrible 3rd time was forgettable much better options in the area .
not just for hipsters margaritas are a must by the pitcher go for the special of the day or mahi tacos are a standard .
i am a  and i expect high standards but i was dissapointed i ordered a chicken  to go and it was salty as if i was drinking sea water all the hopes of me eating a good  dish was wasted .
this place is outstanding goat tacos the bomb awesome patio mucho margaritas great salsas fantastic menu great brunch menu i highly recommend this establishment .
i ordered a large hot  sub what i got was a cold one and they wouldnt replace it .
one of my favorite places in the city for mexican their good is delicious and their margaritas are amazing definitely a must if your in the mood for mexican .
quality control inconsistencies may loose you customers when the food is made right it is delicious when it is made wrong waste of money also a ham an cheese sandwich on wheat bread should not cost 9 50 .
we had a great experience eating at the bar this is the sister restaurant to cantina dos segundos in northern liberties we love the vegan fajitas and the bottomless bowls of chips and salsa .
will never go back my favorite bartender is gone now off to a better job service sucks this is a 50 club anyway not a helpful place strange atmosphere do not recommend this place to anyone i hesitate giving one star .
so delicious great service great atmosphere and good people the food was excellent margaritas were delicious and great quality highly recommend the vegetable burrito and chicken quesadilla guacamole and salsa excellent as well .
very disappointing ordered a rare burger which came out well done and dry they seemed  to make us new burgers the manager came over and i felt that he didnt care that the food was not being cooked correctly will not be going back .
great atmosphere love coming here during the day or at night to hang out with friends at the outdoor seating area they almost always have a long wait but its worth it for the chicken nachos and the margaritas .
ok great beer and the prices are good the chicken wings are soso get the california burger if you want to see the worlds  slice of  .
this is my favorite place in philly for margaritas they often are crowded and the seats area little close together so dont go expecting a lot of personal space but the food and drinks are excellent and reasonably priced i also really love the weekend brunch .
overpriced meat you can buy the same amount of meat with half of the price from shoprite or any other local stores .
hands down the best mexican i have ever had east of the  eat your heart out   .
probably the worst chicken gyro ever i think i may have food poisoning ick .
after a long friday night i always look  to brunch at cantina their brunch on a warm saturday morning drowned in a  combo of margaritas and mojitos is absolutely perfect .
menu is stuck in the 1950s they need to have a credit card machine and better seating .
a cool place my  i go all tha time i love tha margaritas frozen or traditional tha fajitas r great the servers r cool also i highly recommend this place .
how come when i got my eggplant parm sub home it turned out not to have any cheese on it disappointed .
fantastic nachos cool vibe environment i love it here their nachos are worth traveling to and their margaritas as sneaky at getting you  the oozing cheese and loads of generous toppings makes for a solid meal .
can do better elsewhere the pizza was lukewarm when served and the crust was soggy nice people there but they need to improve especially considering the stiff competition in new jersey .
great food especially if youre looking for a vegan or vegetarian option and pretty good drinks sadly everyone else knows it there was a 45 minute wait on a friday night no food is good enough for a wait longer than half an hour still mighty tasty .
i ordered stuffed shells from the menu for 8 95 when i was given the bill they were 12 95 they werent worth it i will never go back when l asked about the price the owner said well we have to wash the dishes .
great place for fun casual mexican texmex food margaritas are great and the chips keep flowing check out their daily specials board too brunch is the best though chorizo breakfast burrito and huevos rancheros .
cheap beer good selection bartenders were ok one guy was friendly the other one went  at me for some reason crazy .
this is an awesome spot its located right by my apartment so if i decide last minute that i want to go out this is my go to place margs are great and theres a good selection of beer i love any dish with goat in it .
ah so this is a real jersey dive yup crowded with plenty of townies grinding to loud hiphop with the sounds of  shouting and  beer bottles mixed in not a bad spot if thats the type of mood youre in .
good margs .
nice atmosphere but after sitting down for 15 minutes when it was moderately busy i was not approach by a server had a craving for some pizza while here for business .
favorite burrito in the city .
bland pizza slow service and overpriced drinks i really dont understand what others see in this place the wait staff seems more interested in each other than in their customers could put up with that if the food had any taste .
this place is awesome great burritos great drinks great staff .
not sure about the food called to make a reservation and they were rude and hung up on me they should consider accepting online reservations with that attitude .
awesome place to hangout and get food and the margarita pitchers are where its at the guacamole is good too .
the service of  is very shit .
very cool place with great specials  and fun margaritas they had a blueberry special when we went as well as tacos al pastor with cactus the bartender was not the greatest but food was great .
delivery was an ordeal and they kept missing us but what really  us wrong was price 130 for four large only 12 inches pizzas with one topping max and a handful of sodas super overpriced for mediocre quality quantity and delivery .
my boyfriend and i love this place we go there all the time great tacos the chorizo tacos are my favorite and fantastic margaritas its a great friday night date place .
spongy crust sub par service rude host this is new york city not seattle hire a wait staff who has a clue or just close up shop since youre this far west anyway will never return .
great margaritas best margaritas in the city their ceviches arent bad either shrimp crab and tuna they usually have on the pricey side for the  though if its not happy hour .
just happened to be walking the high line while they were cleaning their  on a sunday morning can u say yummy hack hack hack cough choke  .
good outdoor seating area pretty good burritos the draw is really the outside seating though for authentic cuisine id go elsewhere but if youre looking for a place to get an outside drink and have a decent burrito its pretty much your best option .
good pizza slow and unfriendly service the pizza was quite good  the service not good at all slow and unfriendly they were not even busy and the waitress was  .
south philly hot spot they have a decent selection of tex mex and as well as beer and tequila it tends to become extremely crowded so plan accordingly when ordering drinks s .
cute spot didnt love it service was good but confused waiters couldnt figure out who was waiting on us my pizza was not a stand out loml felt pasta was just ok .
just try something new and enjoy .
absolutely horrible do not waste your money on this crap its disgusting i went on a sunday and had to pay the dinner price at 3pm for the buffet and a soda it came out to 16 and it was a complete waste of money .
fantastic margarita good food also very great place for hang out with friends and family .
i went here on sunday and i was not impressed the food was so gross and the soup tasted like dish water also the staff was so rude and it took them forever to get my drinks i got sick from this place so stay away .
very good food .
very slow service was waiting for food for over an hour food just ok not worth the money waste of evening .
happy hour margs are half price off pitchers and free chips and salsa verde and  that topped with great vegetarian options and specials and really nice staff great atmosphere .
second week ive attempted to dine at calle ocho made hostess aware of our previous encounter with the establishment she  listened to only say theres the bar and two lounges if you can find something there your more than welcome to have a seat lovely just lovely .
came here for the pre drinks prior to dinner we had pitcher of margarita and did the tequila flights bartender was very friendly and explained to us about each of the shots on the tequila flights .
be  this is a review in regards to the reservation process be explicit in how they take your name down since a single  in how they take it down leads to severe  in whether or not they will seat you .
great spot for a date or just to hang out the margarita pitchers are great i just personally think the sweet ones are too sweet food is good too and they bring chips and salsa with everything definitely a great spot in south philly .
terrible service and food .
great place the food is always good the guacamole is great margaritas are strong did i mention the margaritas hahaha a big favorite of mine when ever i can get down to passyunk .
went there for dinner last night after all the reviews i expected a good  style restaurant only tuna ceviche was anything to write home about i guess they need to pump you with sangria to hide lack of flavor in food especially paella .
everyones so gosh darn good looking here 3 stars for that and the margaritas 1 star for the food .
came here for brunch had my 2 sangrias and the latin benedict about 3 hrs later had  vomiting and some  other gi issues never coming back here again .
love the food love the margs love the outdoor seating love the specials just with service could be a bit faster .
bleh not good food unsavory the sangrias were pretty awful too go elsewhere .
food is pretty good and the outdoor seating is nice .
beware had a so called cuban sandwich it is the worst sandwich i ever had bread not cuban but a soft supermarket bread roast pork was cold and very small potions no cheese ham or pickles will never return to this so called cuban cuisine restaurant .
i love it yum burritos i love the vegan options and the staff is always so fun sometimes they disappear but usually its fine the place is always busy .
cuban it wasnt bad but it wasnt great service was kind but no rules of steps of service were followed in the smallest since the table beside us as well as my table were not greeted and served water for 8 minutes and so it goes .
quality food at a good price its not a frills place with the atmosphere they have a nice outdoor eating section and the inside is very quaint with the mexican decor my wife and i have been here twice and both times have not been disappointed .
this place has a big buzz and to be honest it was better before i went for brunch last sunday the service was ok the sangria was kind of cheap the food was cold at times was disappointing next i will stick to the dinner menu .
good place for food and drinks with friends good salads and vegetarian friendly .
i honestly dont remember much about this place and its been just over a week since i ate here i cant recall what we ate i do remember the sangria and the service which were both great so since i cant remember it was obviously forgettable .
went there last night for our anniversary it was yummy food fun outdoor seating great neighborhood my  complaint is the outdoor seating allows smokers  again and split a pitcher of margaritas .
was so much better in the old location .
my favorite mexican goto consistency delicious food friendly atmosphere hipster service .
free bad sangria terrible bloody mary bland food oh and if you want someone from the staff to steal your phone go here .
awesome nachos complimentary chips and salsa including salsa verde lots of tequila choices and great jukebox service could have been quicker although the food didnt take very long to come out .
the old calle ocho was really good however the new one sucks big time the food was extremely bland and even the sangrias were not good and i tried 4 different ones i was extremely disappointed since i always enjoyed the original restaurant .
good margaritas best steak and nachos .
very good  otherwise disappointing if you care about quality ingredients this is not the place for you every dish is also  so beware i  and was entirely unimpressed .
the quesadilla  is handsdown the best quesadilla ive ever had i usually dont care for mexican food but i loved this add the 10 pitcher special on happy hour margaritas and youve got yourself a winner .
ok the sangria was good other than that the total bridge and  crowd was a mess at one point i thought i might be in queens or perhaps harlem good times pass .
love this place awesome margaritas and mojitos and great authentic mexican food reasonable prices also .
overrated .
margarita pitchers are great burritos are huge tacos are delicious friendly staff never once disappointed .
extremely disappointed was trying to come here for brunch on a sunday morning at 1030 got there and was turned away because they didnt open til 11 .
you had me at 5 margaritas .
trendy overpriced fake latin food at least its  if you want to do it you better like alcohol and should try the brunch where the menu is more interesting than the dinner menu there is a great  eat sangria bar and the price is right .
liked this place a lot has an excellent slow cooked pork dish and a squash type soup that was very good definitely like the vibe and hustle and bustle good service on top of good food makes for a nice night out .
overrated terrible service smallish portions and did i say terrible service .
one of my favorite places in all of philadelphia for the margs and the chicken nachos above all the rest im just always happy when im here because im getting amazing food at a great price and im among good neighbors and friends .
free attracts a certain type of crowd calle ocho wont fail you there uws  abound people drinking free liquor will eat  latin themed food thinking they are at cafe versailles bargain yes authentic to what free means you are paying for it elsewhere .
try the blood orange margaritas as well as the chicken tacos .
the food had way too much garlic the yucca bread was good drinks ok the service was subpar i gave it a shot but wouldnt return .
this place is the best everything is great the food service drinks people no other even comes close margaritas are amazing .
never again rudest staff ever try  better pizza nicer people and better food .
i love their margaritas food is good too sometimes the service is good but thats hitormiss .
im not impressed with their pizza so many better places to go good outdoor seating available to enjoy the mediocre pizza .
awesome margaritas and fish tacos the rest of the mexican i have had better ambiance is great fun place .
grabbed a slice here left a lot to be desired it was the last slice of the pie though so perhaps it would be better fresh .
great margharitas and burritos we loved it we go there to lunch very often again love the margharitas they are the best .
came here with friends how disappointed i was to learn this is the same place as  in murray hill just under a different name same corner location with outdoor seating same menu same wretched  crust i didnt like it uptown still not a fan here .
eat here goat burrito or mushroom  drink here   mojito or frozen watermelon margarita buy your bartender a drink here jameson sit outside and smoke here they sell  too bring your dog here outside of course and mostly drink here toto  .
i came here with  and i genuinely think this place is kind of overhyped i think the brisket at mighty quinns tastes so much better imho this place is tiny and everything was pretty dry i was pretty sad cus i love barbecue .
cantina is the best best margaritas best atmosphere great place .
the brisket was good but all the sides sucked the service kind of sucked too .
the cantina offers large portions for reasonable prices ive never left without leftovers for a couple of days they also have some of the best margaritas around i recommend the smoked tofu fajitas yummmm .
14 for 2 ribs in my take out container tonight never again and they were dry .
good spot for good food not traditional mexican but good drinks and great staff .
nothing special overpriced and low quality bbq with no on tap beer when other good places like fette sau are in few mins walking distance with much better bbq beer and whiskey selection there is no point of going to this place .
take it from this loyal  cantina is it sweetest staff and the best beards burritos and booze in town .
insanely bad delivery service dont bother ordering food from here it wont arrive .
cheap good mexican food and margaritas definitely try the blood orange margaritas sea bass tacos and tilapia empanadas .
i dont know what changed behind the scenes but this place has really gone downhill the food is now extremely oily and they take over two hours to deliver unacceptable .
fried plantains and fish tacos love it good margaritas too crowded on occasion have always enjoyed my hours  here drinking and eating .
ive downgraded my rating because the owner sent me a message and i sent a reply but he never responded what good is offering a  meal if youre not going to reply and honor it not nice .
the vegan beef burrito is yummy and the servers are always friendly and attentive the vegan fajitas are subpar though they have a weird fake smokey taste love the chips and salsa .
byob brisket spot but the brisket is more expensive  and not as good as fette  the line is still long though .
great food with lots of vegan choices tortilla chips not at all salty and the ice tea which can b a big  at bars was delicious and ice cold .
if i could give them zero stars i would no stars surly service .
very good mexican place it has a cool look inside and the food was good i would return .
had take out new years eve 2014 the worst food i have ever had stay clear of this place .
a fun place for drinking they also have delicious food vegan smoked tofu seitan fajitas are awesome you must try the endless summer margarita its got a cucumber and jalepeno flavor the perfect  combination of spicy cool tart and sweet .
the service was so bad today it took a hour to receive our food it was just crazy then the crazy part that our water is warm not cold at all .
one of the most consistent restaurants in philadelphia food drink and service are good does not claim to be authentic mexican food i visit cantina way too frequently .
good for the price of the food but i def had better sushi .
great  .
ambience is good and portions are way more generous than you would think food is pricey but not as delicious we ordered the restaurants recommendation but it was not great we tried it because of the other great reviews in yelp but are disappointed .
great experience great staff i had amazing cheese quesadillas w a smoky sour cream the homemade salsas are bangin and it was very affordable go team .
food was excellent however service ruined our special time one lame waitress for 6 tables is not good no matter how good the food although it was a sunday night there should be at least 2 waitresses not in a rush to come back .
basically hot waitstaff yummy margaritas bangin chips and salsa the red salsa is better than the green one imho fun ambiance hot waitstaff thats all you need to know go .
oh hell no this place is really bad cheesy decor aside the food is overpriced and really tasteless yuck i think my chicken was   it was huge and had been frozen for 100 years because it was tasteless aside from the weird tasting bits .
ok so ive had awesome service over the last few months and the music seems a hair quieter food and drink still great love that the kitchen stays open so late hooray .
so maybe we ordered wrong we got a caesar salad and a pizza pretty  service was friendly but not super attentive i probably wouldnt go back .
 people smoking outside gets annoying can get pricey good the bbq seitan tacos are awesome the  fajita platter is terrific as well servers are friendly and very knowledgeable about vegetarianvegan options  chips and salsa .
the service was great the food was extremely salty but their selection of unfiltered sake was amazing i might come back but i have definitely had better .
while it seems the servers  as  girls the food is heavenly starting with the plantain  on to the mahi mahi tacos and with 24 mojito pitchers youll agree youve found your newest favorite south philly joint .
just so so in terms of a lot of high quality japanese restaurant in nyc not worth of waiting .
a waitress here told me the blended margaritas have the highest alcohol content shes right if you get the waiter with hard  hes a he just leave you will get nowhere due to his  tendencies .
i come here at least twice a week for a couple of months now but the portion of cod fish i got today was minuscule literally half the size of what i usually get also the  is tasteless so try to avoid it .
why im a fan 1 good tequila and beer selection 2 good mexican food 3 great  box 4 cool servers the wings are tasty but on the sweet side burritos are large and in charge the fajitas are big enough to share .
the hostess tells everyone 1015 min without  the tables as the line gets longer and longer still 1015 minutes after 25 min i just walked away .
best south philly restaurantbar pros salsa verde happy hour pitchers steak nachos and carne asada yum yum and more yum cons it can be really busy and hard to get a table weekdays are the best option .
came here for lunch and was seated by the bar by a very curt waitress there was a good selection of interesting toppings but the soba was too salty and they overcooked my friends bowl that came with the lunch set .
amazing vegan fajitas best ive ever had worth it for that dish alone .
i was looking forward to eating here but i was very disappointed the broth was too salty here and i was mad thirsty after my meal i dont think the soba was worth the price .
we go here quite often good place to drink or grab dinner the vegetarian quesadilla and blood orange margs are delicious service is soso there are some great servers but when the wait is long it gets a little spotty love the outdoor seating and tequila selection .
tempura was very oily to the point where my stomach felt gross after a few bites this is probably because the kitchen is in a hurry to fry the food and the oil wasnt hot enough go a few blocks down the street to soba  instead .
one night this drunk creepy dude was bothering my friends and i and the bartender happened to notice and totally distracted him from us so we could still have a good night .
this place isnt all that .
excellent brunch and like most places the earlier the better .
the broth is too salty .
fantastic great young vibe one of the first on the block to start the  of south philadelphia great food margaritas and beer on tap i think people who vote this place low should stay in rittenhouse square or manayunk or  .
disappointed at the  visit they took away some of the best menu items and the service has gone down ill stick with cocoron at least it has character and tofu .
yum great selection for everyone including vegetarians and vegans great drink specials and service seating is a bit cramped but with such delicious and inexpensive fooddrinks im not the least bit surprised their sister restaurant cantina dos segundos is great too .
bland food beautifully prepared i am not the best judge of bland food as i like some flavor and heat in my food we tried the lunch box set as well as the daily special eel and just dont get it give me some flavor .
great happy hour good food good beer selection pretty good prices very friendly staff too my only complaint is that it is always ridiculously packed and the people that go there are way too hipster for my liking .
surprisingly expensive for decent food in a no frills environment .
bartenders always ready with your next beer or  and the goat tacos are insanely good great beer selection and breakfast is ok as well .
it was alright the place was clean service was good but the food wasnt anything special prices seemed a bit high for what youre getting so i dont think ill be going back anytime soon .
great tequila and the one  has a lot of knowledge about tequila the food is great lots of veggie options only bad thing is that it is often too loud to hear your dinner companions .
expect a long wait because the noodles here are really good thats  no points  for the wait points  for yummy noodles i was very disappointed with our awful server  and the soso ambiance .
good place to grab a toasted portuguese roll and a coffee and sit amongst the  of the ironbound nice ladies behind the counter .
mediocre food i had a salmon very dry and overlooked not good at all my colleagues had veggie burger and said it was very greesy .
good sandwiches portuguese style and peaceful atmosphere .
went to a  breeze in  and had a great experience the location in wayne nj however has horrible service seated outside waited 15 minutes and left no one acknowledged our existence .
great breakfast kitchen sink skillet was out of sight amazing bf had crime brûlée french toast it was a foodgasm .
its what you might expect from a crappy chain restaurant blah food okay drinks its like the  of the caribbean .
food was amazing only knock would be thats its cash only but  that the staff was friendly and service was fast i would definitely come here again i tried the shrimp and grits it was perfect .
horrible food  service bland no flavor tastes like microwave food save your money .
my favorite place to go in philly for breakfast or lunch their chicken salad is amazing and their creme brûlée french toast is to die for their iced coffee is also delicious ive never been disappointed .
came here for dinner with family everything was generally flavorless or  i had the jumbalaya which was wayyy oversalted dont come here for seafood or caribbean food maybe if you really like chain restaurants .
ahhhhhmazing we bought the kitchen sink steak and eggs and their special apple pie french toast so delicious every single bite .
it sucks the bathroom is filthy slow service .
greatest breakfastbrunch place in philly its almost always busy but for good reason the food is great the portions large and wait staff are super cool take a woman there shell love it i promise you .
ok atmosphere fun sat  as it was nice day had a few drinks appetizers ok for what it is .
its always one of my go to place for brunch great service great food highly recommend the kitchen  huge greasy and delicious perfect to cure a bad hangover cons cash only and they have an atm inside that will charge a fee boo .
over a half hour for appetizers never received our  was told they lost our order in the kitchen was just told that we will not be getting food at all and the manager will void our order starving highly unprofessional will never visit again .
well executed breakfast with lots of options big portions little prices maybe 15 minute wait fast service the shrimp and grits was outstanding the broccoli rob and sausage frittata same scrap it was okay i still like  the best .
worst service maybe of all time wasted two hours for food honestly terrible dont go food bad dont go dont go dont go left feeling sick and annoyed and nearly missed event 0 stars .
love it .
this place obviously only exists because of nj devil fans and ppl who are trapped at the prudential center this place has really strange hours and is mostly closed when i walk by it this place is only worth going to for a draft beer .
fresh creative and delicious this place always wows me and i love going here for something different from the regular breakfast food  they even have amazing hot drinks their peanut butter and jelly latte being my absolute favorite .
great space and courteous staff the food is overpriced the food looks appetizing but the taste  not match didnt visit the bar would give it another chance if i had no other option .
your food was incredible and i want to come back despite the photos of the rats  on the table did someone set you up your still one of my fav breakfast spot in the city .
quality of pizzas has taken a serious turn for the worse since it first opened less creative offerings and ingredient quality has  .
if you have a huge appetite you should definitely get the red velvet pancakes if not share with another person like i once did my favorite has to be the apple pie french toast great place to have brunch with a friend or a date .
you would think this place would know how to handle a devils pregame crowd by now staff is extremely unprofessional and they need to stop throwing  around in front of customers .
so this is the best brunch ive ever had even the eggs was super bomb the wait was looooong but i see why a must if in philly .
do not go here they treat  sports fans from prudential center like dirt they  patrons and their  is crap there are better places nearby that will serve you better .
okay where can i start this place 34 years ago was just okay but today i just wanted to give it a try an other chance and wow they just left me with no words ill definitely will come back for more well done green eggs .
dont even chance it the pub was uncomfortably warm the bartenders were slow and listless and the 9 draft beers were flat seriously the guinness and smithwicks were utterly tasteless bad all around go anywhere but here .
unique menu and well prepared we shared the chicken waffles benedict and creme brûlée french toast we could barely stop  them in to talk to each other .
i continue to hate this place worst service of all time newark airport please do something with this .
luv green eggs .
pretty terrible .
i love this place the food is absolutely delicious not to mention the atmosphere oh my goodness this place is awesome .
if you have a long layover and wanna watch tv or free internet or have a drink or eat some food in the terminal then this is a good place for u again as with all restaurants in airports it is pricey compared to those outside .
all of their food is good red velvet pancakes apple french toast fresh beef bacon eggs were ok overall i love the food i just wish it wasnt always a wait .
stopped in for a beer and a sandwich place is ok for the airport seen .
listen i cant tell you what to do right but i can make a suggestion and i suggest you go if crowds arent your  during the week treat yourself to fancy french toast and byob mimosas go ahead you deserve it .
high prices small menu slow service indifferent staff cant wait to leave slow with the tab do yourself a favor and avoid bad even for the newark airport .
loved their cream of mushroom soup as well as the creme brûlée french toast everything was prepared well and tasted great fast and friendly service think its safe to say ill be making this my regular brunch spot .
its a crime to have guinness in the title of this hell hole surly staff sticky counters and overpriced drinks hooray .
pretty long wait but not too bad got their famous red velvet pancakes and chicken and waffles we couldnt finish the pancakes but they were good i would recommend going when you are extremely hungry and have a sweet tooth .
ordered take out the place was crowded but the food was so so looking we decided to give it a try we ordered nachos  burrito and chicken burrito it was all gross dont waste your money here it was less than fast food quality .
starting to be one of my favorite brunch spots the french toast is excellent my favorite breakfast food and their breakfast specials are to die for love the sugar cubes but it its not your deal then make sure you bring your splenda equal or  with you .
i got here at  and was told they were closed it closes at 11pm and was told sorry you should have gotten here earlier .
excellent food portions are huge kitchen sink is delicious i ordered the gravy on the side the  pudding oatmeal was like dessert .
not good anymore .
my first time visiting i thought it was just another over rated breakfast spot in philadelphia but the food was actually great friendly and fast service as well as a peaceful environment the food presentation is also beautiful i enjoyed myself .
mediocre at best ordered the arugula apple goat cheese salad and pappardelle togo the pasta tasted very bland and had a cardboard like texture to it .
the grilled cheese with tomato soup is of god .
the food is no good gave me food poisoning for 2 days i was throwing up 2 hours after i ate there beef kebab do yourself a favor and go to the spanish restaurant next door .
this food was delicious i got the eggs your way with the rosemary potatoes the wait was only 20 mins but the food definitely made up for the time i will always recommend someone to eat at green eggs cafe excellent .
the absolute worst service ever ordered online only one roll got to the place and the food wasnt ready for 30 min so overall waited for one roll be made for 1 hr .
i love this place driving by and decided to stop by im so glad we did french toast is amazing home made whip cream mmm mmm mmm potatoes with  are delish shrimp and grits it a must we will be back .
good but not the best i did a side by side of my 3 favorites coopers hobbys bragmans coopers is my 2nd favorite but bragmans rules at 1 .
the kitchen sink was incredible wait was long which was unfortunate but well worth it cash only .
local bistro fare is good but what the two french fellas and the food lack is any  de  perfunctory service and no  or smiles so may other places where they at least seem glad you are there .
all i can say is delicious the stone ground grits were amazing they are southern style much like i had in  with shrimp the food was fresh and flavorful and you get sooo much for what you pay i cant wait to go back and try more .
went here for the second time and it wasnt as good as i remembered ordered the pasta steak frites mussel appetizer and two drinks overall just underwhelming total bill including tip came out to lil over 100 maybe people go because its the only bistro in the area .
well staffed even during the lunch rush hour food is awesome met a regular and he said everything on the menu is great and judging by the meal i just had crème  french toast id probably agree with him this place is packed for good reason .
it was my birthday and they did absolutely nothing to make me feel  they were fine aside from running about 20 minutes late theyre french in attitude and service the food is good this place is certainly overrated .
the atmosphere and service was great the food was amazing we had the creme brûlée french toast and the pork belly eggs benedict all delicious .
below average food and ambiance .
great coffee servings are very large and not low in calories but very tasty service very good .
kitchen was closed at 1015 so o early .
the grits and shrimp are out of this world .
scam alert be careful and check your credit card statement if you go here these guys charged me a 90 tip on a 15 bill thankfully i noticed it on my statement and amex will take care of it .
i have gone to the one off 13th and dickinson streets great food especially the steak and eggs the staff is great and always friendly .
food onion soup bland lacks rich caramelized onion flavor beet salad decent but nothing to rave about steak sandwich frites best thing out of the whole meal service okay probably wont go back .
i love this place the breakfast here is  excellent the service is good if you are heading to here bring cash does not accept credit cards .
bad service average food two visits confirmed this .
one word amazing im never eating breakfast nowhere else .
if i could give him negative stars i would i honestly think the only reason this place is still in business is because it is a great location the owner is an asshole plain and simple food is terrible and the drinks are weak .
i absolutely looove this place i had the eggs benedict and wow it was a party in my mouth my boyfriend had the creme brulee french toast and that was like a rave in my mouth go here you wont be sorry tasty tasty food .
food is ok love the tomato soup but worst service ever rude arrogant unprofessional and extremely claustrophobic oh and get your cash if you go there 2014 and they dont accept credit .
one of the best breakfast spots in philly period creative and tasty items to satisfy anyone this place is jammed every weekend for a reason .
went for dinner and their food  too heavily on sugar soy sauce garlic and butter for flavor definitely not worth the 20 price .
9 out of 10 definitely recommend steak and eggs were incredible a must .
tight space i feel intruding into other people space while brunching i got egg benedict the egg was pouched well but the hollandaise sauce was poorly done very watery and no taste to it it could be better .
there is always a wait for brunch and i happily sit in it brunch is great byo and the service is fast we are normally a larger group and our food comes out timely hot and delicious .
really nook after 3 great times you let me down when i came with 4 friends 45 min wait and the host kept saying 5 more minutes we left after 50 min to hit thai noodle .
yeah im feeling this spot im skeptical of a place that  but i ripped the hell out of that kitchen sink platter they offer best part no carbs in the entire plate no wait im kidding but its fantastic so go .
very disappointed i went this restaurant because the positive reviews on yelp the service was very bad even no orange juice at this restaurant i ordered salmon sandwich and soup they were just ok .
words cant describe how good this place is from the coffee to the staff to the insanely good menu and specials this is a once a week stop in for me .
this place literally seats 10 people at most the staff has no sense of customer service and no the food wont make up for it do yourself a favor walk two blocks down to riposo .
bit of a wait on weekends but delicious food great quinoa breakfast french toast is thick and yummy omelets are also tasty as is the potato side friendly service and modern decor .
i walked in excited to try to the goulash and was told he was fully booked with two empty tables horrible way to treat a customer just because he didnt want to seat one person .
this place has become a favorite if you want a fun and unique breakfast place look no further delicious i only give it 4 instead of 5 because the service has been slow routinely over my many visits slow not bad ill still be going back .
what happened service today was horrible im a pretty quick eater but was rushed beyond belief what happened to the old nook .
great place food is amazing and the coffee is free flowing  and  gave excellent service with equally amazing smiles this is a prime spot .
the service was extremely  waitress was aggressive and rude .
awesome breakfast the red velvet pancakes are killer great staff too .
the food was excellent but the worst dining experience food was cold and sitting next to a vent that was ice cold on a cold day was not very comfortable the staff was friendly and said they would have changed it if we would have said something earlier .
i love the food here the atmosphere is nice depending on when you go and servers are friendly i highly recommend this location over the one in the northern liberties area food and service there is horrible .
their salchipapa was whack sorry but it was super greasy price was great but the food wasnt impressive and the place was too small it just wasnt what i thought for a four star in yelp .
a neighborhood gem come early to avoid a long wait on weekends it can be very busy and the floors are neglected with food all over the place come hungry .
sat there for 45 minutes they kept telling us it was almost ready and then said it would be an hour more we just left .
loved it service was ok ive been there twice both time i was very impressed with my meal definitely try the quinoa porridge and grilled cheese with the tomato soup yum grilled cheese is my fav .
very disappointed i order half of chicken and it had this terrible smell when i let them know they got offended telling me the chicken was from that morning which i dont believe it  were ok  was mediocre definitely not coming back .
i love to take friends and family visiting from out of town here for sunday brunch the only thing that can be annoying is the wait but it is well worth it .
the worst falafal sandwich ever it is cold and half empty falafal hard to find i asked for hot and white sauce and it is hard to find pita is cold and broken .
awesome breakfast spot suggest by the  hotel staff the red velvet pancakes was great and enough for 3 people the kitchen  sausage gravy was the best i have ever tasted great service too .
i just dont understand why this place is so popular on yelp their food is simply aweful except the falafel i got sick every time i tried their food .
delicious fresh and innovative whats not to like did i mention delicious good luck  a table .
got the beef and lamb shawarma blah meat was dry and lacked flavor the rice was blah the salad had beets that looked like they were artificially colored maybe i should have got the chicken because clearly is their focus .
usually a great alternative to sabrinas and morning glory the food id great and usually the lines arent as long as the other places though that is changing i always go for the specials .
the chicken and rice is actually pretty decent the two star rating is because they have some shady practices theyll charge you 7 for it if they can tell its your first time when they charge others 6 read the recent reviews .
just about tried every french toast special they all rule if you are really hungry try the red velvet pancakes or share they are  today i tried the lunch for the first time a cheese steak  it was excellent the eggs benedict are great as well .
anything that looks like this shouldnt be eaten wake up folks .
i love love this place the establishment is really small and cozy and has a home feel to it the food is organic and so tasty i go here for brunch anytime i want something really good try the steak and eggs special its really good .
not the best in the city whats going on with these reviews id say the place is slightly below average didnt like seeing the guy handle money and food with same bare hands over and over .
 dickinson st in south philly reasonable prices huge portions definitely  they always have interesting specials during the day street parking is easy nearby its one of our favorite places for breakfast brunch or lunch service is fine and the food keeps us going back .
the falafel is great every bite is perfectly crispy but the rest of the sandwhich wrap lettuce etc is totally plain hot sauce is a good touch though .
best breakfast spot in philly must haves crem brulee french toast the kitchen sink great food of the week cant go wrong herbs grown on the roof get your name on the wait list early best in class brunch overall .
i had a falafel sandwich from here that tasted like  literally not sure how that happens how can you go wrong with fried  i also dont like the mess they leave behind on the sidewalk everyday yuck .
one of the best breakfast places i have ever been but overpriced and atm charges 9 dollars so bring cash .
if this place were not on the airport i never would have went now that i have i wish i hadnt was there for lunch service slow unattentive food was below mediocre .
food is good waitress  is better she is friendly and always makes me feel at home ask for her .
not a fan onion soup had way too much bread and cheese barely any broth and onions omelette had absolutely no seasoning and homefries were very bland my local diner does a much better meal not bad simply average next .
great food today thanks al .
i was excited to visit this spot as its conveniently close to home service was awful food was nothing out of the ordinary ill stick to   to satisfy my palette .
best brunch ever .
the service is always lousy and if you complain to the manager he really could care less so i wont be going back even though its very close to where i live .
the kitchen sink is everything you could want in one skillet home fries peppers and onions eggs cheese two biscuits and gravy on top what more do you need .
very disappointed two pizzas and a  bucks including their old smokey shoulda been called old salty truly inedible and we eat anything at least the beer takeout store across the street is excellent .
the kitchen sink that is all .
nothing special save your money we ordered the plain red whole pie and were very disappointed tastes like a 5  pie dough was tough to chew sauce and cheese were flavorless very  .
this is my breakfast joint a block from my house and great food i have yet to have a bad meal here yet but i recommend the pork belly benedict and the kitchen sink if you are going there for the first time .
just simply bad pizza they use an american cheese or something similar on their pizza its dry and has no flavor .
great service i mean really great great food will definitely become a regular .
i had a dave panini and risotto balls and i was  at how bland they both were yet i still paid 18 with a drink .
great place service and food are wonderful only downfall is that its always crowded but they try to seat you fast its a frequent for me .
hair in our delivery order that took an hour to arrive mediocre food owner refused to refund any more than the one sandwich as though the rest of this isnt tainted as well avoid .
dont know what other people are complaining about sure the wait is long on the weekend and the service can be a bit short but the menu is fresh and original and not as overpriced as sabrinas cafe try the quinoa unbelievable .
ordered a breakfast bagel sandwich and a long roll breakfast sandwich got two long roll sandwiches and one had  in it .
excellent food not too pricey service didnt wow me clean and pleasant atmosphere .
the food was decent some of the things i liked some were terrible my broccoli wasnt good and friends meal was cold its typical chain food restaurant service was poor too .
 for green eggs get the tofu scramble and add goat cheese thats all you need to know also the grits are bangin .
ive been to many fridays but this one is definitely my least favorite the quality of the food wasnt the greatest the service was not up to par and the wait was too long compared to the other fridays ive been to .
this place deserves better reviews starting with mine 5 stars you earned it .
charge 18 gratuity on items even if theyre discounted 48 service charge paid on a 120 meal .
yummy large portions outdoor seating i will be back .
the first  is you guys doesnt have a patience even im not raise my hand to asking for a server stay away from this restaurant specially for asian cause they treat asian all is same no patience lol .
4 words crème  french toast try it delicious i will be back for more of that and everything else on the menu looks delicious this place is great for brunch .
the menu advertises farm fresh eggs but they will only cook them scrambled hmm perhaps they are fresh from the powdered egg farm homefries seemed to be a boiled potato that had been  service was quick and price was right .
most delicious tender juicy chicken around ratatouille was amazing small space big flavor dont miss this place .
looks like a diner everything but waitress at counter is in a rush to nowhere food cannot be made to order and as mentioned in other reviews .
so good so easy so affordable just got into my hotel from the train and chicken provence was exactly what i needed to revive had the chicken provençal bowl with rice ratatouille and rotisserie chicken i couldnt finish it the portion was so generous .
ordered egg sandwich with fried potatoes the fried potatoes were stale our server was not so well  would recommend to try some other restaurant than this one at ewr .
i ordered the chicken provençal the chicken is great but the ratatouille it comes with is fantastic the folks behind the counter are awful nice too oh and its very reasonably priced .
good food bad service .
i literally never write reviews on places but this was absurdly good i had the rotisserie chicken bowl over roasted potatoes with gravy try it immediately .
the server was pretty nice but the food was pretty awful the home fries were soggy and bland the melon they offered me to make up for it was tasteless at least the sausage was tasty .
no time now love this place for rotisserie chicken on french baguette just right perfect little place .
not a real diner the 3 page menu lists about 6 breakfast items the hash browns were undercooked and tasteless the eggs and sausage were fine go instead to the garden state diner which has a more complete menu .
update got the quarter of a chicken with rotisserie style potatoes so good remind me of my moms potatoes yum and so affordable .
floor was greasy burger was just okay service dont expect any .
had their signature chicken sandwich last week and their soup today pro knows chicken looking forward to trying everything on the menu .
take airport food and put it in a diner pricey bad food tuna melt was basically a bread sandwich tuna was very thin .
absolutely delicious cant get enough of the quinoa salad with chicken perfection .
this is a good place to stay if youre waiting for your flight go for chicken sandwiches avoid the burgers unless you want to pound lots of beer the  is hilarious .
best kept secret in ny the most delicious food ive had in ny made and served by the most sincere and humble french couple in the city authentic simple delicious .
how can a diner in nj mess up something like an egg sandwich and home fries in the diner state well just come to rubys and youll find out limp english muffin chewy brittle bacon and horrific home fries await .
amazing food have to try the cauliflower and the carrot cake .
if you must then you must it did feel like you were removed from the airport so thats a plus .
good place and tasty food .
ok food as most airports high prices 10 for a hamburger .
great meal chicken gazpacho and the creamy cauliflower were fresh and fantastic owners are lovely and helpful the common table was fun a great find we will definitely return .
back area smells so bad i had to get up and leave smelled like my  box on back front smelled okay .
this was great find in murray hill small but puts out a great product i always find an unexpected gem while in ny and this may well be it any its priced right too .
typical overpriced  restaurant pasta was  service indifferent only saving grace was helpful busboys .
this is roast chicken at its finest well seasoned moist chicken roasted potatoes and sautéed spinach perfection best  out in midtown by far owners are passionate about their product and its evident in their products superb taste quality and selection .
to order a cappuccino u wait more and less 5 minutes and the waiters are totally unprofessional and rude they want the tip also if u take a cappuccino to go but forget about it these waiters need to learn how to be professional for getting the tips .
wonderful place for lunch chopped green chicken salad is perfectly light but filling service is both fast and friendly .
had their tiramisu not a fan .
chicken provence is a great addition to the area staff is super friendly and the food is fresh and amazing the homemade salads are a must have .
absurd and disrespectful i was there for coffee and tiramisu about  im not served because according to gentleman who works at this cafe i have to have lunch otherwise they are not be able to serve dessert and coffee ridiculous .
the carrot cake looks unappetizing but amazingly good moist and fluffy with a perfect balance of sweetness for me ratatouille is tasty and chicken is tender and moist .
horrible service the barista was unable to manage the orders of a line of 5 customers two lines were  and people besides myself were   orders were taken of people who just walked in versus those in line .
such a wonderful new spot in midtown the staff are very friendly and the food is amazing i had the chicken baguette with a small side of ratatouille both were delicious .
a 16 oz takeout iced coffee for 4 bucks shouldve asked first so shame on me but never again .
fantastic chicken cesar salad for dinner for 11 love it great service too very nice people .
cramped slow service over priced food on the ues my melon proscuitto salad  18 iced cafe latte tastes more like milk than espresso what more is there to review about done never coming back .
omg thank god that i found this place yes the owner is very nice and kind the chicken i ordered with two sides were awesome please try you will like it so much .
this is not a coffee shop its for stuffy stuck up upper east side old ladies who want to drink over priced weak coffee thats ooo la la its italian so basically if youre looking for any kind of latte type drink turn around .
order takeout half chicken 2 sides so good and so fast chicken is very juicy  are fresh and well prepared side salad had a nice light dressing  are very nice .
ok food was not impressed had a panini and tuna salad for lunch the tuna was out of a can mixed in with lettuce and one piece of tomato on the side nothing special and way overpriced for what it is .
walked in when they were closing and the owners gave me and my friend their last chicken and sides of the day they were extremely friendly and the food was delicious .
ive never been asked to move so that another customer could have my seat that is until i came to via  today even good coffee cant make up for service like that and i like good coffee .
attractive authentic  spot for  rotisserie chicken and comfort food sides one farm table available to stay  .
this is an overpriced cafe with rude cold service uncomfortable seating and no soy milk plus i think the neighborhood  me the wrong way as well i will say however that my latte was pretty good and my coconut gelato was delicious .
truly lovely people atmosphere and thankfully comforting delicious food best of luck looking forward to stopping in for a home cooked meal again soon .
the new bald bartender completely ruined my experience at this place if you like to drink dont come here  club has better service .
the best chicken ever had the roasted potatoes with a whole chicken quinoa salad tastes like heaven just a great place to eat .
god i dislike  the books cut in half to fit into the walls the pretentious motto polished casual the horrible food just go to mollys .
had the 14 kitchen and creamy cauliflower and it was really great delicious and fresh great addition to the neighborhood .
i had dinner here last week and the food is something any  cook could definitely create in their kitchen serving size is small definitely have to order appetizer if you want to be satisfied for dinner price is expensive for the serving size and the neighborhood .
what a nice surprise when we decided to have some grinders here for dinner last night the food was very good the service was great and the prices where very reasonable we work nearby and weve found a new go to for italian .
food is mediocre pricey .
very good food but quite small portion the environment is very beautifully decorated with a lot of red roses so the restaurant is very romantic sangaria is good too the main dishes are relatively small portions .
the food might be good but i wouldnt know because they turned me away at  when it says that theyre open until 9pm thanks for nothing from the parking lot of your poorly decorated establishment .
what a great restaurant it is a hidden gem on 9th avenue the flowers and decor make it very romantic the food and service is great .
i dont know what happened to this place i ordered a buffalo here and i got really sick from it i cant come back here again .
if youre wanting great tapas with a unique atmosphere this place is a must .
the original steak and hoagie was once a really amazing place after a series of ownership changes and a location change it is just ok its still worth dropping in for a quick lunch but its not nearly as good as it used to be .
this place is absolutely amazing the decor the food and the ambience are all on point .
beautiful place but the bartenders are rude completely rude among the worst ive seen if they dont like the customers find another place to work .
you have to love this place perfect for couples extremely romantic it has to be one of the most romantic restaurant in the city delicious food great for a date night or dinner with friends .
this place used to be great not anymore they used to make the best cheese steaks but now they dont put any meet on them its actually kind of joke how little steak they put in a cheese steak it looks more like a grilled cheese .
delicious food the ambience was perfect it wasnt too loud or too quiet and the decor was extremely well thought out id go back in a heartbeat great for a date night or dinner with friends it was easy to linger over many dishes and bottles of wine .
ive ordered from them twice and twice the pizza was like soup on a piece of wonder bread the people there are also big grouchy pants .
great tapas restaurant wonderful ambience the food was very authentic creative and delicious we did dinner here and were very happy we did the paella is delicious worth the wait flowers all through out the restaurant very good spot for a romantic dinner .
im very sad to say i dont think ill be coming back to el  after my experience with the new management .
best spanish restaurant in the city hands down i grew up in spain and have been here at least 20 times for the extreme high quality delicious food keep up the great work .
if you like waiting for brisket that is 95 sinew 5 meat this place is for you by waiting i mean over a hour in a completely empty restaurant the sides were mediocre at best too bad mighty  in clifton much better .
very nice setting amid chelsea vibrant scene with low lighting and jazz in the background savory and beautiful dishes such as the razor clams to the  bravas serve by a very attentive staff one of my favorite spanish restaurants in nyc .
ordered family meal 1 for pickup when we got home opened up containers all the food was charred black dry burnt chicken ribs coleslaw tasted like it was from a supermarket tub and mac and cheese had no flavor grossest bbq ever .
delicious .
this place is  their deliveries and doesnt deliver without a 75 min ridic .
great wine tapas joseph is great knowledgeable and awesome oscar del  the bartender is not so great pretentious and rude and insulted my friends spanish .
manager was rude delivery for a party came an hour late and side dishes were missing .
beautiful space potato and chick pea dishes are outstanding eggplant crudo and artichoke dishes are exquisite great sangria ambience and food make for an unparalleled tapas experience .
food was not that great place needs a good steam cleaning also tried to overcharge me and when i brought it up they made the correction without an apology doubt ill go again .
great food and  drinks but the ambience is what really makes this place special .
the owners comment is true to some  i  to only write reviews about places i do not like i have added some comments on bbq joints i did like this is just another in a series of reviews by  a   and food consumer .
intimate place full but quiet enough where you can actually have a conversation food ranged from the exquisite raw mackerel to the juicy branzino .
i see two other people who feel the same as i do i have had better maybe we all caught them on a bad night not much more i can say try for yourself .
this is my favorite restaurant in this city decor is amazing sexy enchanting super romantic dozens of roses dim lighting beautiful lighting accents  placed around the restaurant food is great service is personal love love love .
stay clear they have a threatening bartender he seems to have a screw loose and he is big and dangerous not a safe place stay clear .
second time here as good as my first time great food in an amazing beautiful restaurant cant wait for next time .
the one good thing i can say about this place is the atmosphere but my husband i both had fruit flies on our plates we both had burgers that werent anything special we most likely will never go back .
great had artichoke app and the rice and crab dish my wife had the special branzino all was terrific .
the buffet was sub par and the room was dingy the party was a success because of the people who  it as i said before i have had much better not the spanish tavern .
excellent i love tapas and this place was phenomenal it was not one  that made it great it was the sum of its parts i am shocked to find such an absolutely perfect restaurant .
the food turned out okay until we ordered pineapple juice for our daughter her kids cup had a fly in it so upset .
the decor is beyond gorgeous there are beautiful flowers everywhere heaven just thought the food was overpriced the portions were a tad small .
well theyve updated the brunch menu but i wouldnt necessarily say theyve improved it .
amazing food wide variety of unique dishes we had the seafood paella and it was outstanding the staff was wonderful and made great recommendations beautiful atmosphere although we didnt get to see the outdoor seating as there was a private event taking place .
le  house of  stock photos of the  tower  where the food is bland and over priced .
service staff are professional and warm ambiance is exceptional especially in the  garden food is really good and portions are generous .
decent french fare nice staff clean dining room slightly over priced limited menu nice wine choices .
ended up randomly having dinner here and couldnt have been happier with it the atmosphere is amazing as is the food .
went for brunch coffee was terrible eggs benedict was mediocre not worth the ten dollars .
first of all the atmosphere there is really really nice perfect place for a date or hang out with a couple of good friends but the food is even better we shared the paella and some tapas everything tasted great and staff was also friendly .
the  i had wasnt warm and the portions are small i can get a great meal at a bodega that cooks puerto rican food and other hispanic dishes .
this place is amazing coming from las vegas ive eaten at many great restaurants this place may be 1 of my favs decor beautiful service was great sangria done right and the paella was hands down best i ever had make a reso and enjoy some great dishes .
they were shut down by the department of health for obvious reasons i actually miss the coffee the oatmeal was very good as well i dont see myself going back theyve lost a customer .
everything we tried was delicious  paella pollo al carbon y   were both great romantic restaurant with tons of fresh flowers everywhere it was beautifully decorated .
closed by the health dept .
the owner is an amazing human being love him and his wife mary what wonderful people want an amazing place amazing service food ambience the place smells of roses .
tried to go on a saturday night and it was closed even though the website said it was open .
the sangria the beautiful  of fresh flowers and the tapas make this place a totally unique magical wonderful experience plus my family has been able to get in within an hour of calling both times that we went .
not good beans tasted like they heated them up right out the can no seasoning the mofongo was boiled plantains mashed up and 2 little piece of  never again next time ill stick to places in el barrio .
the ambiance was  the outdoor space in particular is really special the food excellent flavorful well prepared thoughtfully plated the tuna ceviche and patatas bravas were particular standouts the combination of food ambiance and service makes this restaurant a success it .
the food was cold service was bad my pork was really dry this place is not for people who know good cuban food .
very romantic great food nice staff .
just found a  in my pinto beans i would recommend not eating here unless you like that sort of thing wow .
one if the most pleasant restaurants in the city best spot for a romantic dinner if the whether is nice they will  the rooftop its simply gorgeous paella was to die for .
how upsetting that this nyc puerto rican institution has fallen this place always reminded me of home cooking pr hospitality i hope they  their mojo it will be a long time before i come back  .
just get the seafood paella by far the best i have had in the city .
eggs benedict was very good hollandelaise spelling was real hollandelaise dont get the corn beef hash though its more like the inside of leftover sausage .
this restaurant is on the expensive side but would be a good date spot the place is full of flowers and candles i split the paella with my sister and it was definitely good overall i would recommend to someone looking for unique spanish food in chelsea .
not the quickest service by any measure also a little pricier than other diners in the area the food was pretty run of the mill all in all an underwhelming experience .
awesome vibe great date spot .
great food watered down beer prices are outrageous 6 per  good college crowd good place to go if you wish to overpay for watered down beer and overpriced drinks in general .
simply amazing food ambiance decor and service were awesome definitely a must go cant wait to go back .
awful too cramped too loud too much white trash if this place were to be  advertised i would call it skanks  .
very good tapas place food is a little different from other tapas place would be 5 star if i didnt think it was a little overpriced sort of expected given the decor and area good service .
eek unless you are ghetto fabulous dont bother coming here the guys are pigs and security is horribly rude a little trashy for my taste but you are in clifton i can say the drinks are made quickly and not too expensive .
the drinks the ambiance and the tapas are all done perfectly  fritas are a must bring your favorite date .
good god this place is awful if you like having terrible top 40 garbage  into your ears while having a drink with the trashiest of jersey trash this is the place for you .
amazing ambiance the flowers are absolutely gorgeous i ordered the paella and it was delicious i will definitely be back again .
highly recommend tomato soup sangria suggestion  service is slow but friendly .
amazing atmosphere and delicious food highly recommend coming here for a romantic evening or date .
the food was greasy and plain it seems that the costumers were here to get drunk if you are going to the ironbound for great meal do not go here .
me and my girlfriend went here for our 5 year anniversary the service was amazing and we were treated very well tables are very comfortable food and drinks were delicious no complaints at all the owner very friendly and welcoming .
apparently not so good they closed quite a while ago maybe if they had used real butter not margarine and real cream cheese theyd still be there .
we loved our experience here great atmosphere food was delicious drinks were great will definitely here again .
tasteless burrito was almost completely white rice dont know what everyone is raving about i was super hungry and it still didnt taste very good vegetarian burrito was extremely bland guacamole is extra nachos were covered in fake cheese and were soggy .
amazing restaurant great staff and service food was incredible paella was awesome had a very romantic dinner and will be back again soon .
expensive for what the quality of the food is i am shocked that this place has received such high reviews i tried a variety of menu options none of which stood out for me .
love the interior design and setting especially the pink roses all around .
flavors are so mild both breakfast burrito and steak tasted like nothing mexican ever came out of that kitchen cheese on breakfast burrito is gas  nacho  wiz .
ive been here twice its really lovely and the food is really good but a little short of great both times we had to rush a little for other events but id like to come back here sometime we have time for a little more  .
was a solid spot then they decided to half the size of their portions my burrito just now was less than half the size as a standard portion used to order 2x a week now never again .
wow this place has got to be the most romantic restaurant ive yet to visit so far i had the free range chicken and it was so delicious the retractable roof was the cherry on top of a fabulous dinner and the servers were so nice and helpful .
i placed my delivery order well over an hour ago ive called the place back three times and the person on the phone has been totally apathetic i still dont have my food this place can  .
that squid ink vermicelli omg the wife and i absolutely adore this place .
stopped here with a friend for a brunch we ordered granola and omelette the food was not as i expected after seeing here 5 stars asked for a fresh orange juice they served me with bottled juice the granola was very disappointing i definitely would not come again .
phenomenal tapas and drinks .
hubby and i find their food pretty heavy on the stomach a lot of  for several hours later their menu is pretty boring as well their atmosphere well lets just say there is no atmosphere brunch is nothing special again change the menu .
the octopus loved it the pork chop was very fatty and  very romantic and dark atmosphere with great flowers and candles .
underwhelming .
great food a beautiful place great atmosphere the sangria is wonderful i gave it 4 starts because of the desserts those that we tested were o k not beyond that i think that they need to add cream  to the menu we will come back for sure .
dry dry dry stay away the baguettes are stale plenty of other delis in the area to try wish we had planned better .
went for a friends birthday lovely room pricey but good wine list excellent service standout dish short ribs also loved the artichokes anchovies grilled country bread with tomatoes seafood paella .
only 2 stars for not having the option of ordering brown rice as opposed to the  white .
mmmm love tapas here more  style food so just a tad bit different than the normal spanish tapas im used to liked it alot .
the worst inedible food ever dont eat here they should be ashamed yuck .
wonderful food service and atmosphere could of asked for a better experience the pork belly is amazing i would definitely come back again a lot of candles and very romantic decor loved it perfect for a romantic night out or just getting together with friends .
if the  is to stuff as much grease and fat on a bun as possible this place wins hands down you just cant call it good food that said  rocks though .
 place the service is very attentive the chef came personally to the table to see if everything is fine the food is just great you have to try the octopus we payed 80 per person with wine included .
we went here last night having had fond memories of this restaurant in the past every dish that we ordered we found to be mediocre at best this restaurant is not up to its positive reviews we couldnt even finish what we ordered as nothing was really good .
i never write reviews but ill do it for salinas went there this week for the first time the ambience is fantastic the food superb and the service first class .
all dishes are very very oily and too much sugar not authentic at all one dish even has sand in it .
delicious beautiful decor .
popular place with almost every table taken everything was fine however the salt content in everything is off the charts for that reason alone id never go back .
i went here with a group of eight about a month ago great food good service outstanding atmosphere in the back dining area with the open roof and lighting i would definitely go back .
maybe if i wasnt vegetarian i would have been more impressed not much to choose from that wasnt salted or fried tofu satay appetizer was dried fried tasteless tofu smothered in heavy peanut sauce not tempted to take the leftovers home .
dark and beautifully conceived drinks will run you 1520 per but expertly made and conducive to long conversations cozy bar seating area upfront and full service restaurant in the back great for girls night out date night alike .
food was alright but that rude ass lady kicked us out that very moment we all finished our food so she could let other customers in because of that one star for you penang .
service was very good here as was the ambiance small but exceedingly comfortable bit make reservations via open table if you want to be sure of seats also a large back room area with a retractable roof eat under the stars .
i went there last night and ordered beef curry and rice to go just now i took the rice out and want to reheat it but there was a wine plastic cap in the rice i took a picture .
this place is truly amazing interior wise but food goes beyond that i have to say its a must try location the razor clams left me speechless amazing the interiors are beautiful and serene and calming .
the thai food in this place sucks my mom can make better i have tasted better from other restaurants .
this place is a gem its absolutely beautiful our waiter was amazing the wine and cocktails were great we shared the paella for three it was so delicious will definitely go back love it .
everything is good until we got the  claypot its so fishy that we couldnt eat any of it .
this place is absolutely lovely and the food is on point hostesses are a bit  but waiters and bar staff were friendly and professional its a new addition to my short list .
was in search for good arepas food was ok wait was extremely long had to practically grab a staff arm to get her attention for a takeout order place is too too small will not be returning not worth the wait .
great tasting food esp the  bravas and the grilled octopus and the jamon serrano the place was filled with fresh cut roses and the service was excellent loved the sangria as well as i had both red and white .
overpriced and the food was just okay .
great place interesting food and they did a great job at waiting a group dinner love the decor and the ambiance it was fun .
salty and greasy food service is ok in restaurant but ordering is dreadful usually a wait of 1 hour 15 mins and no  phone  .
for special occasions luxurious feel to interior lots of nice details with lighting flowers etc food was very good but expensive with small portions service was below expected would like to eat here again .
we got seated all the way in the back of the restaurant received bad service and the food was greasy and gross .
a little dark but real and yummy  food and good ambiance nice bar too .
good food but they raised the prices too high for a cachapa its a gringo price now for those yuppies moving in found a new place different area aint saying where .
amazing food decor and atmosphere just celebrated my birthday there last night and everything was delicious im definitely coming back here .
prices should be 24 less than what they actually charge 7 for chicha drink come on man .
yummy tapas yummy paella yummy sangria good service cozy beautiful setting very satisfying meal .
the arepas were the best you can get but lately the quality of them has gone downhill very disappointed in my last visit yesterday .
such good food and cocktails .
the sushi is ok not bad not great but the prices are extremely high at the prices charged unfortunately its not worth it in my opinion .
the coziest space with authentic servers and delicious food i found myself in a bubble a true escape i highly recommend salinas it was a seamless experience from the moment i made my reservation .
i do not recommend this place if youre going for a quick bite because they are stingy and will not give you good service .
i had a great dinner here we had tapas and split a main i love their drink menue i will be back great place for a date .
went to this place on a recommendation from a friend i wont be listening to that person again this place is a dive its small and the sushi was below average .
delish everything was perfect the service and ambiance is top notch .
did the restaurant change owners ive been going to this restaurant for many many years and the last 2 times the food just didnt taste the same it was good but not at the same level very disappointed .
delicious tapas great ambiance .
nice dining room in back kept  about my car because this is the ghetto everything was salty and just bleh waiter offered fresh cheese and placed on table found it on the bill for 8 in the end thanks wont return .
just discovered salinas and glad i did the space is beautifully designed the food was excellent and the staff and owners couldnt be nicer we didnt want to leave and look forward to trying the garden once they start opening the roof .
tourist trap go anywhere else for quality  food .
the suckling pig is a must try it is truly the tastiest the place is so warm cozy and modern with an abundance of flowers truly an experience .
so i normally dont rate places ever but i just pulled a crazy long hair out of my  cheese needless to say i wont be back ever .
good food great ambiance would go back .
lovely place nice decor pretentious waitress with bad attitude food without much creativity they were tasty impeccable but lacking  the pan seared sea bass was cooked to perfection but the sauce was less satisfying will not be going back to  st .
my new favorite restaurant the food is so amazingly tasty the service is great the room is gorgeous will definitely come back .
carpet why .
seriously delectable food excellent service yummy cocktails we couldnt stop  over the food though .
went here for my wifes birthday i over expected from reviews and stories food was average and i had to remind them of birthday dessert many times which took forever disappointed for a very special occasion .
the restaurant is a professionally run operation the staff seemed point on the menu and food are foodie level of quality we had a great meal a great time a place to recommend go back to and impress others with .
i just dont get it whats all the hype about this place must be one of those its all about who you know situations to receive such high reviews i did not find anything spectacular about our dining experience here at 150 a person i expect to .
two friends and i enjoyed a great brunch here generous and flavorful dishes fresh juice and comfortable seating had some energy but not too crowded the server helped get lemonade for my friends three year old a good  line spot .
wow major letdown awful gave it 2 stars bc of the decor and dessert .
the decor of the restaurant is one of a kind my boyfriend took me to a romantic dinner here and we had the best time great place to have a conversation while having exquisite food and the best service .
had lunch here a while back service was definitely suspect our bald middle age waiter thought that maybe he was working at a 3 star restaurant instead of a quaint west village eatery past its prime food was mediocre at best and not priced accordingly .
great tapas in a  setting .
terrible the menu is a piece of paper yes just a piece of paper the food was nothing more than average and the walls where they placed the candles on tables are burnt i usually dont hate on restaurants on the internet but this place sucks never again .
excellent place for a date went here just prior to valentines day with my girlfriend and was very impressed with the atmosphere menu and taste pricy even for a  place but you get a quality meal in return the staff was friendly and attentive i recommend .
sandwiches are good but the prices change every time for the same sandwich we have a lot of snow but the owner has not cut  to parking lot its terrible and they dont sell bread n wont sell a single roll .
worth every penny delicious  classic tapas as well as some new twists gorgeous decor perfect for a date or anyone you want to impress or  yourself .
use to frequent until i found a roach in my food this was several years ago and maybe theyve  but im not willing to chance it .
an old favorite i have been coming here for over 30 years and it never disappoints the neighborhood is not that bad maybe it doesnt bother me so much because i grew up around there just go and enjoy .
we went here before a game it was so loud you could barely hear the person you were with the food was mediocre at best .
i really enjoy this place they have the best calamari the garlic bread is amazing a must try .
every time im here im struck by how its overpriced with disappointing food i think lets not come back why do we come back because its the only place of its kind in the ironbound .
very good italian food went here for my birthday dinner waiter was very nice bread was good and everybody loved their entrees the place was not loud which made it very enjoyable .
they put lettuce on their tacos nuff said .
went for a family party here last month had buffet food which was all delicious especially the salad and antipasto the staff was courteous and attentive highly recommended .
great authentic mexican food when opened consistently closed during open hours tried again today monday at  and  were down call ahead to  .
went for a family party had buffet food which was all delicious especially the salad and antipasto the staff was courteous and attentive highly recommended .
everyone i know kinda bangs this place and its a block from my house so i was mondo pumped to go here thats right mondo room temp burrito that took 25 minutes dry tacos and 3 for chips no way jose .
absolutely great food and atmosphere been dining here with my family since i can remember everything on the menu is made to order and made just like your mom or grandma made it .
great food but the last three times we ordered from here they took well over an hour and a half to deliver to fairmount that is the reason for me  the yelp app well at least somebody made out yelp .
this italian restaurant serves traditional fare with flair the food is consistently good and service is always excellent this is our goto place for family get  bar drinks are yummy we always get appetizers main course and dessert and we are always happy .
olde world apizza is horrible ordered 2 pizzas and they were burnt and the place only takes cash ordered pasta and it was horrible stay away from old world pizza .
i love librettis and have been going here since i was a little kid the food is always delicious although i tend to get the same meal and the staff is amazing .
used to love this place but they need to clean the oven properly tried two pizzas recently and they were coated with  or charred too bad because the chewiness of the olde world apizza thin crust dough is to die for .
food was delicious and very flavorful staff was very attentive and kind i definitely will return again .
my boyfriend likes going here for pizza since its close to our home but i personally dont like the pizza here its too thick for my liking and its too doughy left me feeling heavy and bloated .
been here forever and a good not fancy red sauce italian place always consistent and never changes while certainly not the best place to go for italian always comfortable and enjoyable .
olde world was great pizza when they opened and have gone gradually down hill since i know they can make a good pizza they used to make a great pizza now its just average come on guys up your game .
great italian restaurant surrounded by abandoned buildings you cant believe this place is in this location but food is great love the chicken  here .
not good more like the korean version of arbys big boy or dennys thought i could avoid the trek from western morris to  or  park when i get the urge for korean bbq but this place is more fast food than authentic .
this is simple old school italian at its best this is where the real hearty italian eaters eat one of my favorite restaurants .
never ordering from here again the food is terrible  .
the food is amazing and the restaurant staff provide excellent service i had the gnocchi bolognese terrific i cannot wait to go back  ambience good for either a date or a large group of friends and family .
ive been ordering from here and i just so happened to find a big eyed mosquito in my lo mein noodles throwing this menu out .
great spot with good people watching during the summer we had great food and good service .
slow service with 3 servers and only 3 tables sushi was subpar yellowtail wasnt fresh and spicy sauce on the roll was unappetizing .
one of the top 10 burger joints in the us you need to order the rouge burger .
not a good experience .
everything is delicious you cant make a wrong choice service is great and the place is cozy just a tad hot .
stood at the entrance for five minutes without anyone bothering to even acknowledge us much less seat us we ended up going to pepes across the parking lot which was fantastic .
we had dinner here last night our first time here it was a good choice we had a burger and some wine burger was very tasty but overpriced overall great place with good ambience and super friendly service .
if you ever leave anything behind which was my sweater in this case they tend to throw it out the next day that was what i was told that they found it but threw it out .
just came here for  drinks great ambiance and service at the bar .
ill keep this short and sweet the food is mediocre at best the drinks are like juice the service was the worst ive experienced enjoy .
you can eat at midnight and excellent tacos .
 continues to go downhill the decor has gotten a  in recent months but the service has lost the warmth of the days of  enough to make me wonder what the folks at caracas are up to .
cool spot great for drinks apps and light dinner etc burger is good but overrated mostly good for outdoor seating on the square .
the portions are really small for such a price the food wasnt great salmon and trout were good soups carrot and asparagus were mediocre crispy artichoke was bad   really tiny but ok also its also super dark in there .
food was awesome at this place and price was great just needed a better waitress to make it perfect took a girl there for a date and loved it .
stopped in today for a bagel never again there are so many better choices out there i ordered an everything bagel with cream cheese but there was hardly any cream cheese on there it was a little layer like how you would butter your toast not worth it .
the bloody mary is very good and quite spicy the burgers are a good choice the fries are good nice venue and locale but a bit on the expensive side .
i went there this morning ordered a bagel with cream cheese kid behind the counter says you want coffee with that i said no thanks he then says cmon spend some more money i dont think ill be spending any more there .
they are always so nice with great service and delicious food its awesome to sit outside on a warm day and people watch while eating delish food and having a good beverage love this place and recommend the fish tacos .
place is dirty and pricey for bagels .
nice place for a date very intimate ambiance i like the dim lights and french decor its a small space so its hard to move around i didnt try the food so i will definitely be back to check that out .
utterly filthy omg look around you you may as well go scrape garbage off the parking lot ugh ugh .
rouge is fantastic been going since they opened love the intimacy of the place if you want more lights and action you can go next door this place is fantastic grab a table out on the sidewalk and watch the world go by .
been here several times and food is awesome but service game sucks went this sunday morning at 11am was told a 20 min wait an hour and a half later im on my way to burger king .
absolutely amazing love their fish taco def going back for more .
the foods pretty good wings but the place lacks any charm it used to be hopping but now seems a shell of its former self too bad .
best burger in town perfect fries on point entrees and apps  parc too  and sit on the square at the og of al  dining .
service sucked i had a completely rude server last night when i came for dinner never had a problem with one of new havens best before this incident but i can assure you i wont be going back thanks for killing it .
delicious cocktails not too sweet .
i have been standing here for 1 hour just to be seated i am so hungry and i wanted to eat so fast .
loved sitting outdoors for drinks appetizers on a warm fall evening .
dont get it this place is very ordinary and the food was disappointing i think this place gets better reviews because its priced well but i thought one could get the same quality of food than any run of the mill bar in the city .
excellent fries were fabulous loved the apps and lunch entrees the service was phenomenal .
the concept is great lots of fresh  sides you can pick and choose from but the execution is more cafeteria than restaurant not much care in the preparation of the veggies and everything lukewarm only if you are really hungry .
beautiful location with a few of rittenhouse square this location is a great place to relax and enjoy great cuisine on a hot summer day i agree this place is trendy and chic highly recommend it .
had the fish and chips was disappointed always had good food here just avoid the fish .
great ambiance great food .
gg .
very gay very awesome .
this place gave me food poisoning it frankly wasnt that great even before i realized how sick it made me if the food poisoning hadnt happened it might have earned 3 stars .
ive been to rouge several times and it has always been a pleasing experience with great cocktails good food and wonderful service im particularly fond of the cocktails that are  and herbal which they excel at .
i want to like westville but the food is nothing special i recently had a very negative experience with the delivery person i wont be ordering again .
i had rouge burger w caramelized onions and gruyere bottom bun soggy so had to  with knife and fork tasty .
worst chinese food in ironbound their steam dumpling tasted like a dog food .
loved it this might be my favorite restaurant in philly i had the duck  which was excellent the scene is comparable to dallas del  or the ritz .
i ordered the falafel sampler for delivery when it arrived the bag was completely drenched in oil i took the falafel out of the bag to find they were all completely smashed broken apart and  not the delicious falafel balls i wanted but a flat greasy mess .
great spots for drinks with the girl or a pretty decent meal cant beat the view of the park .
unreal food but the delivery experience is atrocious they constantly leave you on hold for over 510 minutes when attempting to place an order so i generally hang up online delivery absolutely needed here .
in case you havent heard already rouge has one of the best cheeseburgers around succulent tasty and yummy superb and worth every penny .
strawberry pear water smoothie cant imagine this being worth 6 but well see it was unmemorable .
this place was heaven our waiter peter rocked and made for a nye to remember definitely try the braised rib chestnut  did i spell that right the drinks were stiff and just how i like them .
the food is fresh but pita is too heavy salad has cucumbers which ruin the overall taste and the  is yellow and is tasteless no garlic so if you like another yuppie nonauthentic place then this is the place for you yuppie price included .
a place to see and be seen great bar lots of eye candy for both  good food too .
i had the mixed falafel platter the falafel itself was yum but the tabbouleh and the  salad were okay i usually love hummus but it was just disgusting same with the sauces my go to for falafel was always and still is maoz vegetarian .
really good food here and the service is really good too it is pretty pricey though but the  are typically professional and classy and not trashy like some other places in the city which is nice .
i like their food from the truck better and last time i visited they didnt offer the quinoa salad here no go .
came here for brunch and lunch love this place great place for people watch dog friendly for outdoor seating i come here for brunch with my little doggie on the nice day great food great service .
not enough breathing space in this place .
shrimp was an excellent late night snack wine selection was good have a seat at the bar .
okay but frankly the falafel balls were raw inside raw chickpeas are impossible to digest and taste like  paste with crunchy bits thrown in if all you make is one thing do it right cook you balls until done i dont care how busy you are .
the ribeye i had was cooked perfectly to my liking the ambiance was upscale but not stuffy the location in front of  square was the best for people watching while enjoying a nice heavy glass of jack .
annoying wont even deliver 7 blocks away even though they clearly advertise their delivery service please remove from delivery function .
the classic philadelphia spot great location good atmosphere and simple dishes down well .
when we went to taim today they were closed .
delicious amazing burgers of course delicious fries or frites if you will great beer selection it can be a more upscale clientele a place to be seen and sometimes i just want to eat delicious food and not have to worry about how i look highly recommended though .
this place has nothing on mamouns i tried it and found myself  .
stayed around the corner from this place for a couple of months and became one of my favorites in the rotation you must try the rouge burger with their pommes frites if youre lucky they might be serving the truffled frites yum .
your   good selection of snacks drinks and tobacco products average coffee over the past decade i have consistently found the staff to be helpful but also rather rude and  toward customers .
love the burger im a sucker for gruyere cheese they have a refreshing lychee drink .
very slow service and the food was soso .
the food here is phenomenal it is a great place to people watch and see how the other half lives not somewhere id go everyday but i like to treat myself to lunch here once in a blue  the burger and fries deserve the hype .
i have no idea who reviewed this place but it was mediocre at best nice friendly staff but i wont be returning .
i love this place especially in the spring and summer great people watching ive seen and chatted with everyone from gerard  to sam  the burgers are darn good and i do enjoy their cheese plate its a cool place to see and be seen 0 .
our waitress never put in the order then lied about it i asked straight out if she put in our order and she literally ran away after 90 mins of waiting our food came out and it was pretty tasty .
i love love love this place simple menu and awesome atmosphere i love that they have fresh new  specials every night i had the best pumpkin soup and  this is a must try they also have a nice brunch and view of rittenhouse .
waiter took my phone while  our table when confronted waiter acted confused and asked was this in my hand i didnt notice taking it although i can not be a 100 certain i think he tried to steal it do not recommend going there .
the rouge burger is definately as good as youve heard pommes frites are possibly the best ive ever had .
been here several times and tried a variety of options on their menu nothings that great at all all just barely okay sorry but only gets 2 stars .
rouge burger was very delicious and the pommes frites were perfection kinda stuffy atmosphere and service could be better but the food is amazing .
i have been to this place many times in fact i use to come here regularly sadly over the last few years the quality of food has decreased the food they currently serve looks meager while more pricier as well compared to other sang kee places .
i had the most decadent roast chicken here ever it was sinfully rich with creamy spinach and mashed potatoes i know youre supposed to get the burger which my companion did but the chicken was excellent plus great vibe view and everything else .
dont need to many words the service and food are horrible dont try to get there and experience it you guys can get better chinese food in chinatown .
rouge is red hot decor and food rock burger mac cheese and martinis are my pick .
disappointed with the food and the service ordered 4 dishes and none of them was tasty the waiter wasnt familiar with its menu wont come back .
pretty much a pulp fiction moment here a 16 burger well with the carmelized onions and the gruyere cheese ill have to admit i dont know if its worth 16 but its a damn good burger .
super awful restaurant the waiters attitude is bad and it always take  to deliver a noodles soup incredibly nasty bad overall .
this place has some solid grub dope scenery also including rittenhouse square park and high end  dining there usually for brunch on the weekends .
to sum it up the food is ok but waiter and waitress are rude some dishes is too much salt .
really enjoyed this place i had a lunchtime eggs benedict and a super delicious cocktail both were fabulous our service was also good and the location couldnt be better i highly recommend eating your way through their menu if i lived in philly i certainly would .
food sucks with the same price you can have a lot better food the only good thing about this place is its close to the university city nothing else from time to time  be coupons that makes the meal cheaper though .
i just moved here and love this little bistro we sat outside and had lunch great spot .
meh ive experienced better .
good place to go for dinner drinks or even sunday brunch favorites have to include their burger fries french onion soup and eggs benedict .
really really disappointed definitely not as good as its sibling location in chinatown or even the location in  the skin on the wontons were thick the taste bland and most importantly the soup itself just was not as good i wouldnt go back .
i take my outoftown guests here for the peoplewatching  that the window and outdoor seating afford i heard the burger here was good so i tried it i was not disappointed .
i easily get disgusted with chinese food when its done  either cook it right or close your restaurant .
i love this place seriously makes one of the top 3 burgers ive ever had but thats not the best part the mac n cheese is phenomenal i ate til my belt burst open this place is pretty pricey but oh so worth it .
its like a  version of the small cramped chinatown restaurant but higher prices just a bit and bland wonton noodle soup .
always a great time food is tastey expensive but worth it because its always an experience a staple in this town .
good food but the service is really poor .
superb ambience on the square for a drink either outside at the window at the bar or in the corner good spot for  hunting .
overpriced and underwhelming tom your feed and drinks at other places much better very limited menu food ok long ticket times skip it better places in the neighborhood .
i still dream about the opportunity of eating another rouge burger its no wonder it made maxim magazines list of best burgers .
youve got to be kidding me pretentious inedible menu ridiculous   at  prices stay away .
ate lunch here with my wife during the week we each got a burger and sat outside watching all the people walk around the street and square a little pricey but hey you are paying for the experience i guess .
wow this place is not that good to have an attitude as big as theirs the food is average want great food and great service stick with raymonds on church st .
havent dined here in awhile but i hear so much about the hamburgers been going here on the weekends to have some drinks really nice place the people seem a bit pretentious but not as bad as the place used to be i like it here .
this place is too noisy and the kitchen smoke takes the entire room the food dont even get close to compensate for the bad ambiance oh and they dont have proper wine glasses .
i have so many fond memories here the food is great the people are great its just good old school homemade italian fare love it .
im in from across the country and stopped because this place looked and sounded new and delicious unfortunately they couldnt accommodate a single and werent exactly the model of hospitality too bad went down the street to a delicious and customer friendly italian restaurant .
mr joes cafe reminded me of going to my  house for lunch the food was out of this world and youll never leave hungry .
 decor sterile feeling for restaurant ok service overpriced food would not go back .
none better enough said .
i dont care for   lights are too bright the walls are bare and  and the kitchen is wide open and loud no atmosphere at all the food is not very good or compelling and the service is lacking .
the best nothing negative to say soup is amazing the food here is  the best i wont spend my money for lunch any where else well worth the money .
i came in here to try the duck forgetting that my go to place is closed on tuesday was not impressed by food actually pricier than my regular spot and it was quite salty looked good and smell good but it turned out to be meh .
the price seems steep until you realize you get a glass of wine bread salad and occasionally a special treat on the house very good stuff .
waited 20 minutes for menu then another 20 minutes for a drink lots of excuses for poor service good bye so disappointed .
bread and butter comes first and a glass of complimentary  wine if you desire then a plate of salad to start your meal what else can you ask for bon appetite .
it was a delicious meal but my car was broken into and i lost a gps and iphone take a taxi if you want to eat there .
what a great italian american place its too bad the hours are so limited     the gnocci set meal with salad bread and wine is a wonderful deal .
so many expectations but so disappointed in the end the place have a great atmosphere and a cool design but the food is just really simple and not really taste like it looks in the picture .
oh mr joes cafe i love you if you ever just happen to want dinner for lunch then this is your place its a full meal and a true south philly italian experience .
i get that there is a long wait for a table however telling me that i have to wait outside in the cold is ridiculous food keeps people coming to your business but customer service will help your business grow .
i love it here the kids love it as well its their favorite place .
havent had the food yet because ive been waiting for 2 hours when they said it would be an hour wait they need to fix their management and learn how to seat tables correctly its not   too bad as i had high hopes for this place .
i love this place and is a favorite for lunches it has a great homemade taste i also like the neighborhood feel .
dont waste your time here they say 45min 2 5 hours later they were still telling us 45min for something you could get pretty much anywhere in new york .
cool low key spot to meet up with friends .
the food was whatever i can honestly say that i have never seen a worse waitress then the one i had tonight im furious even typing about it .
best breakfast burritos ive ever had make sure to stop here if youre in  you will not regret it .
meh ive experienced worse in the neighborhood .
this restaurant is our favorite restaurant period the decor is beautiful in and out the service is fantastic and everything that comes out of the kitchen is wonderful highly recommended for special occasions romantic dinners birthdays and lunch .
loved the look and feel of the place and the beer selection is quite good however the   tasted  and the duck sausage that i had with chili was terrible the sausage wasnt seasoned and the chili was watery disappointing at 13 great concept poor execution .
albeit a bit pricey blue delivers quality mediterranean asian cuisine with flare and an intimate ambience .
dear  i want to love you but im sorry 40 for two sausages a beer and a root beer is price  great space but alas thats all its got .
very nice dining experience delicious food and nice staff they specialty drinks are delicious .
they charge too much even for gourmet sausages and theyre not as good as the other place a few blocks down on bedford avenue great beer selection though .
the food is amazing i will definitely be back .
my first visit was more than a serious disappointment all of the glasses that were served to me were incredibly dirty with layers and layers of  i dont understand how the bartender or waiters didnt notice .
awesome gem on staten island sit out on the beautiful outdoor terrace and watch the  go by its simply gorgeous out there the wait staff is excellent the food delicious lots of vegetarian options i highly recommend the avocado carpaccio and the blue vegetable terrine yum .
wuz good until they got rid of the table service and killed their brunch on sundays i say if you are in the neighborhood stop by if not give it a pass .
i really enjoyed this place the food was delicious i ordered the steak unbelievable the place is by the water theres an outside eating area very pretty the service was great and the drinks were very good alittle pricey but with it .
meh overrated .
i was told i would like blue and boy were they right started with delicious thai calamari and almost licked the plate then the shrimp dinner and it was just as good skipped dessert but will be back to try more items this place is a keeper .
decent but typical beer selection bartenders are attentive but soulless vast majority of crowd are  dwelling  dressed in business casual dickhead attire and   girls getting way too drunk way too early and  music you can build your  to french fries are killer .
amazing the food is so different from anything else youll find on staten island great atmosphere great drinks and excellent service i will be back again and again .
nicely laid out venue but the food is really second rate we ordered 6 sausages each of them was lukewarm  rolls were nice but dont make up for the mediocre sausages better to hang out play  and have a beer .
love this place so much we had a post  dinner here dinner is great amd  has the coolest and nicest staff  was wonderful and spent a few minutes talking to us after dinner .
this place was pretty cool until they decided to hire a dj that plays top 40 music pretty much destroyed what would have been a great atmosphere also they stopped serving the decent german food they had dumb pointless now .
ive only be here twice lunch and dinner the food both times was amazing and so was the service i highly recommend this place to everyone .
slowest and worst service ever .
price fixe menu   good date location low lights good views attentive service .
nice space plenty of room for groups big or small the strange thing about this place is that the 6 drafts they serve are a tiny  pour its like a tasting glass fix this please give us a proper pint or  draft .
the appetizers were great but the baked clams were just amazing we ordered 2 orders and couldnt stop eating them could have just ordered 5 dozen and been happy .
food poisoning seafood special  diarrhea .
great restaurant good food very cozy nice people .
i was excited about this place and wanted to really love it food was below average and  were disappointed our server took note and took care of the bill hence 2 stars .
been here a few times the menu changed and i love it had a vegetarian dish that was awesome cocktails were on the money also highly recommend .
food was poorly made decor is weird and the they played the same four songs from the 80s in a loop come on .
had the pork tenderloin and it was cooked perfect the ingredients all complimented each other perfectly everyones dish looked delicious cant wait to go back .
pizza was meh i dont see what the hype is about .
place looks great food is good app dish portobello mushrooms and avocado was awesome .
definitely not a fan of this place my dog could barely eat the food rice had no flavor the pernil was greasy if you are going to go for fast spanish the dominican place on forest is the spot .
i highly recommend blue especially for lunch the food is fantastic and the location by the water is really nice .
food is okay but too expensive 7 maduros as a side drinks are also over priced the waitstaff were a little awkward and somewhat rude the service was slow and they forgot to bring out a couple items would not recommend it .
went to blue this evening with family the food was delicious the outdoor dining area is perfect the view of the  passing by is beautiful enjoy .
this is a fine spot for a drink drinks are good not amazing but good food is really an afterthought not a dinner spot .
wow really good food great service had a blast with my family me and my sis shared the grill for 2 it was great prices are great wines of bottles variety is awesome dessert and the  mexican coffee was great kid friendly too .
totally empty on a wednesday night at 8 staff and owner very sweet but food not very good we had empanadas  the tamal with   risotto and tostadas the tostadas were especially bland and greasy the rest was just ok and overpriced .
it is now open tuesday through saturday for lunch the food they serve for lunch is fantastic and the atmosphere and service are also very pleasing if you have gone their for dinner definitely stop in for lunch .
their menu is very eye catching but the food does not deliver notably the duck confit carbonara was not a carbonara sauce in the slightest it tasted like a watered down alfredo and the duck flavor did not carry through all dishes we ordered were at best mediocre .
delightful  pizza nothing fancy but just solid and cheap my favorite is the white pizza with tomato ricotta and broccoli by the slice also you can order a chicken parm pizza its  but they will make it for you upon request .
came here today for brunch their mimosas were so weak and food was nothing to rave about service was slow waited about an hour for our food i will not be back unfortunately .
i come here a lot they have good slices but the best is when you get a whole pie as everything is fresh absolutely delicious the prices could a bit less for the pies to better compete with the other pizza places around there .
another pretentious so called gastro pub to open in the east village well worth skipping service is terrible and the food is average if it even comes correct the first time .
always my usual takeout place love their sandwiches and slices especially the buffalo chicken and bbq chicken order is usually accurate and the food always hits the spot .
loud loud loud and unfortunately now a  bar big mistake for a date pls move to sullivan street in the west village .
perfect pizza is the best french frice is amazing love them the best food sells there i always buy french frice there and other  recommended .
good crowd good location bad service never sure who or where my waiter is always  on my bill always charged incorrectly meh .
i think its the best pizza in the art museum area besides the high end  vetri pizzeria osteria  pizza is great .
this place blows i really cant decide whats worse the douchey customers or the douchey staff they both suck and the place itself isnt much better it looks like someone went to  com and picked choice c the  pass .
the bread that comes with the salad is fantastic always fresh and warm i assume its freshly made on site .
nasty take out looked like someones left overs my pad thai noodles were all different  and sizes and they looked chewed up i will never go here again .
the chicken cutlet hoagie my god so good however i hate the trash area near their restaurant its like a horror show every time still good pizza my boyfriend and i nearly live on it .
chicken pad tai was meh if you like vegetables make sure you ask and also ask for a little heat if your into spicy it was super bland the waitstaff was very friendly and service was great though maybe i ordered the wrong thing .
best pizza in north philly fairmount area .
yikes this food all tasted processed all soups sauces tasted out of a can wait staff non existent after we were served no one ever checked in on us next well sick with  thai .
love this place we always get takeout since its only a couple blocks from our house but the food is always hot and ready after we order it the pizza is awesome but weve also ordered the steaks which are great as well definitely recommend this place .
super oily scallop pancake average penang curry slow service .
this place is great and open late and its always consistent awesome .
green vegetable curry w tofu broccoli huge  chunks of hot pepper tasted fishy very meager portion of rice service was fairly prompt  upscale decor .
only speaking of the pizza and breakfast delicious decent prices always ready on time .
horrible strange weird uncomfortable food is not quite thai if your looking for good thai food go to the place that didnt spend all their money on decor and none on ingredients tuptim down the street .
a friend took me her and i have to say the its worth the trip the pizza is just right on the money didnt know they did breakfast so thats .
the place looks very nice but the food was terrible and the service was just horrible i dont recommend this place at all the location and the decoration makes it attractive but was very disappointed with the food but wouldve liked at least to get good service .
work near there once a week and have the best lunch food quick and always fresh and delicious pizza is off the hook anything that i ever ordered was nothing less then delicious .
the food is good but really inconsistent they didnt honor yelp check in said its good only before 6 pm i thought that was a bit unfair it should have been mentioned clearly .
i love their pizza when it is fresh this was my go to spot when i use to live on the same block still try to go back once in a while when i go to philly .
terrible service the waiters just jump on you every minute to try to get your order fast and force you to leave very rude hated the whole experience momos are good but service was the worst .
its good pizza and stromboli everything else is pretty  but who the hell orders chicken and shrimp scampi from a pizza place cmon .
i was there the other day for the sunday buffett it was horrible the choices were few and what was there was not good i dont know if the menu food was good as i didnt try above all dont go there for the buffet .
i lived off the food here in college while the pizza is nothing like an ny pizza the staff is friendly delivery time is short and the food is always hot breakfast and  where my favs .
a haiku for  yak restaurant seven line food stop authentic and average no yak meat in sight .
a friend picked up some pizza for us from here and we all liked it a lot the pizza was just what i want for drinking with beer good standard pizza .
the food was cold the people working there dont know what there doing the price is cheap but i guess you get what you pay for i dont know why people would keep a place open when its being  there dust all over the place .
always fast and get the order right everything on the menu is solid online ordering makes it easy too you get 10 off your first online order too best wings in fairmount hands down .
i went back here again and did not like the food this time my food was way too salty also they started serving their awesome  in plastic squeeze bottles now i dunno that kind of killed it for me .
best pizza in the fairmount area turkey burgers are are especially good always consistent .
im not a big fan of this place i know the food is cheap but they over do it with the spices i need to drink a gallon of water after eating there .
i love love love the pizza here unfortunately i moved out of the fairmount area recently and they dont deliver to where im at now but i enjoyed our time together while it lasted the dinner options are not my favorite but the pizza is really great .
horrible food and service writing the company .
i work right across the street so i frequently order lunch from here its always ready within 10 minutes the sandwiches wraps and salads are awesome the white 2 pizza with  and ricotta is delicious just dont order  its a greasy mess .
we ate there few times and we never had a problem the food was good and it was cheap so no one was complaining until we saw a cockroach running across our table the waitress brought it in with the basket of chips .
it is becoming increasingly difficult for me to drive by here without stopping for a slice of bbq chicken pizza however i suggest you steer clear of the tuna melt its open face and i believe they use swiss cheese and its just all wrong .
 salty use to be good .
i love the pizza here i got a tomato pie which wasnt too bad it was a bit too spicy for me but their other pizzas are really good my hubby loves their white   with garlic quick delivery .
insane wait always rude hostesses we cant take your name unless everyone is here extremely loud cramped mediocre food only upside is that its cheap but you could just eat in the mall food court .
this pizza is everything good pizza should be cheesy greasy thin cheap just like your mom .
no restaurant is worth waiting 1 12 hour to eat will never go back the service was bad they brought the appetizers together with the dinner i had to get up an ask for a manager in order to get our drinks .
chicken cheesesteaks with grilled onions and extra ketchup  .
the place is crowded which gives the impression that the food is good its not this place is good for cheap large fun drinks and maybe a few tex mex appetizers however the food is very mediocre .
friday night adventure with happy hour at  tavern followed by laser tag and bumper cars it was fun protip get one of the bumper cars that has headlights they go faster also i am a  ball  in case you didnt know .
horrible quality sushi the fish always looks dingy and doesnt have any signs of fresh fish also saw rat droppings all over the restaurant .
fun .
the place looks horrible dark ugly and out of touch furniture waiter looks like he hates his job sushi is ok but based on looks of the restaurant im not sure i can trust the freshness of the fish out of control roll is my personal favorite there .
mini golf .
food is ok great bang for your buck but the waiter is very very rude .
ive been here many many times since i moved to burlington the curry is fantastic naan is hit or miss depending on the night the service is about what youd expect at a small family run joint and ill keep coming back .
disappointing im a big fan of the vermont locations this feels like a poorly decorated hotel lobby service is bad and the flatbread is way off point id not waste your time money here theres much better pizza in new york .
we took the whole family here girls from 412 it was a hit the food was fresh and expertly prepared waitstaff was attentive and friendly i suggest the naan chicken pakora .
nothing special at all  right into the town of numerous mediocre restaurants food wasnt terrible just not a stand out food experience bbq  in   is much better imo .
great food great service definitely a familyowned restaurant was able to accommodate us and made us an okra dish .
i ordered a slice of plain pie to try out because i was considering ordering pies for a holiday party needless to say i did not order my pies from them the plain slice i had was black on the  how can you burn plain pie pass .
great indian takeout love the chicken saag and garlic naan a little pricey but the portions are good and its always delicious my goto is the chicken saag and garlic naan i dont know why they arent more busy .
just ok villa  much better .
i have consistently enjoyed the food and experience at shalimar the staff is sweet and considerate although not always the fastest that aside i would recommend shalimar and its funky n  atmosphere to anyone in burlington looking forward to trying the sunday brunch .
overpriced  service not worth it .
shalimar of india is   indian cuisine be sure and hit up brunch on sunday .
pretty average tasting pizza and definitely overpriced i suggest you skip rays and go down the road to anthony  pizza in the  shopping center near the kings grocery store theyve got cheaper better tasting pizza and much friendlier service .
best chicken burrito ever wish there was more seating .
staff is rude and pizza is just your average greasy slice nothing special about it the food is far from average for the staff to be so obnoxious youd think they were the soup nazi with canned soup .
great quality especially considering price came here with a friend she got tacos i got the carne asada nachos the nacho portion was ridiculously huge steak was flavorful and good quality meat highly recommend .
way too dense and chewy a large pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms was a  21 50 never again will i  from naunas in montclair .
hole in the wall but the best burrito in manhattan id recommend the plain rice and beans one but add sour cream and guac literally the best .
not worth the calories you get what you pay for .
al pastor is incredible tacos or burritos this is my go to mexican spot in the area come here for flavor and substantial portions i swear by it i also appreciate that its a small business working hard .
food was pretty good ordered the veal but 4 a sunday night the service was  the oil vinegar  were sticky the tables are super small wobbly the  was  rude not a place ill return to .
if you happen to be waiting in line for ramen next door feel free to jump in here try their steak taco thats exactly what i did wasnt disappointed at all the place is a typical ny hole in the wall with good food no bs attached .
very dry lamb platter even after adding extra white sauce its probably better to order on grubhub than actually going to the restaurant since the fluorescent lighting and black painted walls make you feel very closed in i would recommend the mango  and wraps they make .
from the west coast and frustrated by awful nyc mexican food this is the place that will rescue your  taste buds delicious .
surprised that this place got such good reviews here my food was well below average and i wouldnt order again .
really delicious tacos and nachos im sure everything else is great too awesome on delivery time too .
while the hours state that the place is open until 3 am they will hang up the phone on you if you decide to question what time they are open until while standing outside at 230 am great service 5 stars .
quesadilla  are a little greasy but good nachos are delicious nothing beats their chips .
pretty flavourless biryani and they wouldnt even give me tap water the bad pop music didnt help .
this place is really delicious and being a vegetarian its a great stop the burritos are incredible .
poor crowd poor management the food is a copy of the nyc food carts and it is more expensive than nyc lack of seating space the hot sauce is watered down version of sriracha .
um the cheese so good you know that one type of cheese that you always hope quesadillas have in it this is it loved the salsa collection quick bite to eat good for in and out .
whatever you do dont ask for simple glass of ice water they insist on  the  and  you to purchase bottled water kinda makes you wonder could they be cutting other corners to max  suck an egg spice end .
i ordered a burrito and the nachos i ate the nachos first and barely finished them i was full for about 2 days straight the food was good but its definitely more of a take out spot because there is not more then 2 tables to sit at .
overpriced teeny tiny portions of so so food i had the salmon which was the size of the bottom of a wine glass my boyfriend had some sort of shank which he said was fine .
its really all about the nachos at taqueria diana legit  all they need now is a ridiculously huge bean and cheese burrito and french fries because its not super legit until there is a carne asada fries option on the menu .
we were hugely disappointed with the food service and decor pretentious attitudes of the staff is what really made eating there almost unbearable overcooked filet mignon and dry risotto coupled with bottled water yeah  water made for a very  experience .
as close to cali mexi as ive had incredibly tasty big portions but also insanely greasy all in all makes for excellent hangover food .
overpriced pretentious spent 100 for four tiny dishes the food was interesting but nothing spectacular eat before going if you must oh and byob even though the website shows a bar menu and doesnt say it .
best mexican in east village .
too pricy the dishes are fine with super small quantity just  worth that much money .
great tacos order them with the guac sometimes a little dry without but still really good limited dine in space like 6 seats def a take out spot or grab on the run .
i want to open a tapas style restaurant ill give you an appetizer portion and charge you entree price oh and make sure you order 46 items to share and still be hungry after the meal best concept ever .
home away from home needed a taco badly since i had been away from mexico for a while and this did the job .
food quality was good unfortunately the service was very rushed and the food was very overpriced .
simple amazing heavily delicious went chicken nachos and the flavor on the pulled chicken was well balanced and had a true authentic taste portion too big for one but since when is that a problem .
i would comment on the food but i called for 20 minutes to order take out at 5 oclock and no one would pick up the phone horrible customer service .
small hole in the wall but food was cheap and tasty convenient location for bar hopping i prefer this place over five tacos as the  uses flour tortilla instead of corn ps no rest room .
would get no stars if i could .
yelp does if again in nyc for a couple days and my wife and i were looking for a place to eat a late lunch we stopped in and had a few different tacos and the pork nachos very good food and cant wait to go back .
90 minute wait for a greasy overcooked pizza first time last time go to pepe or modern instead .
best nachos in manhattan vege option with great cheese beans guacamole creme fraiche and some tasty mexican sauces so very  .
another new haven staple famous for what i dont get it it tastes like a basic pizza nothing spectacular .
great service very friendly fast and efficient it small with only 3 tables in the back however the food is spot on deliciously flavorful .
floppy sloppy soupy pizza .
the food was simply amazing but delivery took an hour and 5 minutes i will order again well before im  hungry .
this place sucks so bad i wont even elaborate .
carnitas taco amazing rajas taco mouthwatering deliciousness queso nachos heck yes its got limited  seating byob probably my favorite new place in east village and worth the walk from union square .
the pizza was good but it took forever to come out on a night they were not very busy and the service was  terrible im talking we never got plates .
little restaurant food the typical mexican like hidden gem in the wall  carne asada the tacos and so on food made of rich flavor and rich  .
no air conditioning this place is a dump i barely could swallow the pizza because the setting was so unpleasant i dont think theyve done anything to  since the 1950s ugh count me out .
amazing great tacos my personal favorites are the carne asada and the carnitas friendly staff clean and  atmosphere  .
terrible sauce terrible presentation the worst pizza ever in new haven only reason i went there it was because i had no cash and i saw their  sticker but i regret it .
best burritos this side of new york the atmosphere is like a mexican drug house but the taste of the food really makes up for it the green sauce is awesome .
horrid a  wait  a burnt stale pizza  with grease our   waiter told four people to leave if the wait upset them there were ten people in the restaurant inedible pizza oversalted .
these tacos are phenomenal perhaps the only place in nyc where i find the chicken tacos to be better than the  thats insane i didnt even have time take a pic of the chicken taco .
not sure what the fuss is about the wait time is ridiculous the place is dirty and the kitchen has piles of trash and old can goods on the counters service is the worst and the staff is rude stay home and eat a frozen pizza .
quite honestly ive never had tacos as good as these next time im getting the nachos huge portions not much room to sit but the food makes up for the lack of space .
pizza is awesome it truly is one of the best however one star for terrible service rude and slow they only have one oven i waited in line for 2 hours then waited another hour and a half once i sat down go to modern instead .
oh my gosh their nachos ive had basically nothing but beef fajita nachos and thats completely okay with me they deliver quickly and its delicious my  from texas is relieved by taqueria diana .
not a fan the service is terrible the wait is excruciating and the pizza is just average i think people love it because they have to after waiting for an hour .
the most amazing quesadilla loved it .
no idea what the hype is about the pizza is just not good the only good thing i can say about sallys is that the crust is perfectly thin .
this place is closest thing i have found to socal mexican food in nyc we got that carne asada nachos and chicken burrito both very tasty and i will come back for more i heard their carnitas is fantastic will have to try it next time .
bleh the pizza i got there was nasty the dough was chewy thick and the pizza just tasted old the ingredients werent fresh either canned mushrooms the cheese was also pretty bad and the delivery took more than an hour .
best nachos ever no joke the burritos are pretty tasty too get it to  seating in the back is kind of cramped .
omg this place was my absolute favorite i ordered the chicken and rice and veggies i was rushed to the hospital with food poison i will never ever ever come to this place again i dont recommend it .
a hole in the wall but the tacos are amazing .
had there shrimp and yellow rice a d the shrimp in garlic sauce tasted like it had sand in it maybe they didnt wash it before they prep the meal i wont eat that meal from then ever again .
some of the best mexican ive had in new york if only there were more room to sit love the horchata and the nachos are the best in the city .
grilled calamari not bad but thats it noisy nasty asian hostess not even close to authentic greek food much better greek places around this was our second time eating here so it must be the norm .
everything here is amazing particularly el pastor .
this place used to be pretty good but tonight the food was almost tasteless ive never had worse  and the grilled seafood platter was mostly rubber .
cilantro spices chicharron guac fresca real corn tortillas my lord these were good inexpensive and quick but not fast enough that its cheaply made full of flavor .
a really bland and forgetful meal their menu options are quite boring and the food was pretty much the same our waiter although inexperienced was very nice .
amazing vegetarian nachos we were on the hunt for good nachos and this place delivered im not normally a huge fan of nachos but these were the best ive ever had .
can you really call yourself a greek taverna if youre serving frozen gyro other highlights included  shrimp and bland overcooked chicken kabobs needless to say we wont be dining here again .
awesome pork tacos yay there are finally some good mexican  in nyc the opened store front lets the wonderful smell right into the street and makes your mouth water cant wait to go back .
the  enviroment was a turn off at first sitting i should have left at first sight the food was mere low level diner food i have eaten at better diners in jersey greek owned it sucks you will not see me again .
great and amazing mexican food for a cheap price friendly and kind staff only bad thing about this place is the location its very small who cares when your eating great food .
the crab  are very good and the portions are huge but the pork fried rice is so bland with no flavor and the chicken with  is not good either also lacking flavor too bad .
best mexican food ive ever had and im a mexican food junkie i looove their  nachos this place is a  and the guy at the register was very nice and friendly i would definitely be coming here often since i work a few blocks away .
got food poisoning many of my friends have gotten food poisoning from a broad variety of their dishes do not go here unless you want to play some   .
best  ive come across in nyc so far portions are large food is delicious cooked to perfection space is cramped but thats the only down side so far eat here its the bomb .
went here based on the reviews here on yelp and was not  greasy chicken limp veggies and overcooked rice maybe we caught them on an off night .
this place is absolutely divine best mex ive had since i left so cal not fancy at all just delicious freshly made tacos and nachos one order of nachos is literally more than enough for four or five people .
decided to try a new place for chinese takeout was severely disappointed it took  at home to make leftovers edible .
best al pastor tacos in the city the freshly pressed corn tortillas won me over along with the homemade salsa  is a bit steep for a holeinthewall joint but im happy to pay it given that everything is fresh and homemade .
wasnt thrilled service was meh and food was just okay prices seemed a little high too for what you got in return only been here once so maybe it was an off night .
delivery was quick and quesadilla and tacos were on point just remember to order salsa cause it doesnt come  .
this place deserves a pass ive had better ribs better service at the union location i should have went to don pepes or bonefish grill down the street .
best taco place in the east village al pastor omg heard the nachos are supposed to be awesome cant wait to try .
terrible service never again tried it 3 times 2 out of 3 they lied to us bad service and my clams were rotten .
finally a mexican place in nyc thats comparable to the delicious mexican options in california do yourself a favor and get the nachos but also share them because the portions are huge the tacos are also delicious you really cant go wrong with anything here .
have given this place several chances and will never be back again the service is absolutely terrible and even after speaking with the owner he still has the same lazy slow staff sad .
our local favorite amazing quesadillas tasty tacos definitely add the fresh guacamole and crema to the quesadilla .
mediocre food and horrible service kept waiting for over half an hour to get the check and leave .
try the pork quesadilla with black beans and all the fix ins pretty delicious could be cheaper and could seat more people but hey its nyc .
went there for new years eve with a reservation only one waiter for the entire restaurant one bar tender after waiting an hour at our table to order food we blew this dump best advise stay away  .
went back again the other day and tried the carne asada burrito i usually get the carnitas and again mind blown delicious high quality perfectly cooked beef mixed in with delicious and fresh ingredients wrapped in a warm soft tortilla this place is quickly becoming my  .
yikes this place was rough you can literally just point to what you want by the pictures posted and thats weird everything seemed dirty skip the salad bar wish i could recommend something .
best vegetarian taco in nyc get it with the works .
very poor selection of main entrees on the buffet had to ask for new plates to go back up to buffet otherwise was under the impression that you used the same plate .
hands down best chicken taco ive ever had its so good i feel bad ordering any of the other tacos except for the lengua when they have it dear taqueria diana please make the lengua a regular taco much love  .
let me put it in a simple way a fast food steak house with low quality food but huge quantity to make you feel you had a good deal .
tasty and authentic mexican food friendly service perfect for a  night snack very reasonable prices very small place  .
awful steak asked for medium pink got extremely well done steak poor quality buffet items all dried out cheap basically stay away from this steakhouse and go to the others down the street .
this place is pretty fantastic really small ive only taken out here but the food is great typical little place with tacos burritos the whole deal ive had the chicken burrito a few times and its 100x better than a place like chipotle .
got the food order wrong twice had to go back and  them to get the order right since they already charged us worst customer service ever never coming back if they treat their customers this way .
i cant get this burrito out of my head the rajas corn and poblano was a vegetarians dream no frills just great food im trying to find excuses to be back in that hood asap .
got the grilled chicken platter tasty but why was everything cold my friend  by them so ill give them another shot .
this meal was unbelievable the best mexican food i have ever had the chicken nachos were superb and my wifes carnitas tacos were even better i literally woke up the next morning thinking about this food wish i could eat here once a week .
i orders general  the chicken pieces were very small and rubbery which it means that they are pretty cheap here typical bad chinese if you want great chinese food i suggest head across the river to glastonbury try  palace .
amazing tacos friendly staff reasonable prices cant ask for more my friend from texas said theyre just as good as the ones there .
not good food i make such food at home .
best mexican ive had in nyc .
service was great certain pieces of fish were not very fresh presentation was unimaginative given the price levels my wife and i will look elsewhere next time .
love the nachos .
extremely proud and  to customer once i didnt make reservation and they just said sorry we have no seat then just walk away immediately without saying any thing i dont see why i should tolerate such kind of attitude when i am paying that much money .
this is my go to spot for mexican food deeeelicious .
too expensive for that quality and quantity comparing with other sushi places do not order  because they just pick up from a la carte menu and charge full amount of it nothing special .
randomly walked into this place and tried their pollo burrito it was amazing by far the best burrito ive ever had definitely going back there again and try their nachos next time ive seen people eating nachos and they really looked yummy .
this place to me was just ok just regular sushi nothing too impressive although its not horribly bad virtually no japanese customers which is a bad sign i much prefer  and michelin  none of my friends love this place either .
stopped in late to sample the tacos which are my obsession had beef pulled pork and al pastor not bad beef was really nicely done but something was slightly off the other two were decent would def come back here .
its ridiculous that id been canceled the reservation by this restaurant because i didnt make a phone call before the booking date i dont know why i should call them to ensure i will be there even though id made a reservation awful policy .
ordered the nachos 10  you a mountain of incredible shredded meat cheese and  stuffed and absolutely satisfied .
you got to be kidding me there is nothing special about this place food and service is completely not worth it if you want to try actual sushi try sushi yasuda or  .
amazing i couldnt walk away from this place best tacos ever .
the sushi is very pure as this restaurant sets out to be however the dishes lacked a little imagination some of the fish was not the freshest i would expect which was very surprising nonetheless the food was excellent atmosphere reflects the menu a little bland .
salsas are so so good surprisingly find the chicken better and more flavorful than the al pastor which is unusual nice people working here .
huge disappointment come here 930 with reservation the fish is mediocre but thw sushi rice sucks way too much vinegar to  other flavor sushi  is much better .
very satisfying some of the best carne asada ive had in a looooong time and the carnitas was tender as all get out well be back .
disappointed totally not live up to the hype went there at  and the quality of fish isnt good at all .
inexpensive delicious fast great for a last minute meal pickup if you spend your  wondering what will i make for dinner tonight then remember that you cant in fact whip up nachos and a burrito quite like theirs .
 by such high reviews food was eh and certainly didnt match the bill needed real food afterwards and i love sushi and sashimi which is just better on the west coast .
best mexican ive ever had its an awesome little hole in the wall i expected good food as soon as i walked in .
really disappointed with the service here sushi was good but we were rushed through our entire meal given how much we paid this was completely not ok not returning .
these are really really good tacos better and cheaper than dos toros i dont want to be one of those im from california so that makes me an expert in all things taco people but i am from there and these taste like theyre from there so there .
save your money and time the wait staff was unfriendly and would not help with any recommendations we spent a load of and left with empty bellies and a bad taste in our  for the rude staff .
great food and low price nachos were the best weve had in awhile also highly recommend tacos with carnitas too bad the place is small so we cannot come with a big group of friends .
nyc review after seeing the reviews on one of the cooking channels i expected much better .
funny several people here have said it too just like a san francisco mission district burrito and that means its good tasty meats wrapped up with all the goodies the free horchata was a nice touch .
dont know why everyone loves this place thought the sushi was just okay .
everything is great particularly the carnitas .
menu extremely confusing as if it wasnt difficult enough trying to hear let alone understand the waitress food was nothing to rave about much better places around the city def not worth 150 for 3 people oh forgot to mention the small portions too .
excellent burritos and tacos actually everything ive had has been superb super friendly folks to boot affordable and quick and  exceeds my expectations dont even think about going across the street to san loco id rather lick the sidewalk .
incredible food but the maitred and phone reservation manager i think are the same person are incredibly rude not sure if this place would be worth revisiting once chef yasuda returns to japan .
delicious tacos .
horrible service charges for iced tea in a can .
fantastic authentic mexican style tacos the asada and pastor tacos were fantastic i imagine being back here many time to try the whole menu .
somehow razor thin slices of good sushi at crazy prices doesnt satisfy since eating an experience doesnt replace filling my belly .
excellent excellent excellent tacos the chicken is my favorite which is rare for a taco place im usually privy to fish or al pastor but their chicken is made from rotisserie chicken so juicy and flavorful genius my new favorite taco place in the city .
i have found that sushi of gari has the best freshest sushi in nyc gari is so much better than yasuda for a much cheaper price theres no point for me to go to yasuda anymore .
the food here is soooo good ive been stuck on the burritos but my buddy got a super  quesadilla and it looked so bomb do yourself a favor and come hit this joint .
restaurant is beautiful but run down and dusty smells of mold too menu looks good but food served is not well executed on service is stellar and views are great better to get a drink and enjoy views then do a full meal in my opinion .
finally a real california taco spot in nyc the tacos from the rotisserie chicken were amazing and i love the added touch of mexican sodas if only they had horchata .
i had thanks giving dinner here once it was boring nothing special we were disappointed and not impressed .
i enjoyed their french press coffee and the space was always bright and clean sometimes the music wasnt my favorite but it was a really coffee shop im sad that it is closed .
overcooked omelettes brown and chewy pretty  service and when you ask me if i want fruit or potatoes with my eggs and dont tell me fruit has an additional cost thats not cool bad food bad service wont go back .
finally a quiet place to read study or just be and its a coffee lounge that knows how to treat tea drinkers with mad respect nice tea selection .
they just pulled a latte for me in about 13 seconds did they even steam the milk even starbucks takes longer than that  but they arent trying very hard to justify the 3 50 .
i go here to work regularly the workers are friendly its not too expensive and theres usually a spot to settle in its like the perfect distance from penn .
say what extremely expensive with very very little food on the plate i would not suggest this place as an ethiopian restaurant .
great service nice baristas relaxing atmosphere the quiche can definitely make you feel full enough to go but not too heavy i would say it is a ideal dish for either breakfast or brunch i like it .
the food is overpriced for an average taste the portion of food is very small compared to other ethiopian restaurants in new york the  was missing some key spices and didnt taste  the ambiance is pretty nice with a nice decor .
good coffee and decent pastries lots of outlets for phones and computers comfy couches as well as lots of tables .
grease grill had the fries with hot dog pieces and mayo sauce heart attack inducing menu i considered it slop the shakes are ok but nothing to write home about .
awesome soy latte and served with a smile this is a really nice coffee bar i tend to order old school pour over or french press but today i wanted to be different and had never been there before worth a visit back next time im in town .
incredibly mediocre food edible but would not eat again i went for brunch and everything was incredibly bland and unappetizing i am frankly shocked at the high ratings service is fine but food was not .
my favorite cafe in u city yummy biscotti and hot drinks with a super comfy atmosphere great place to keep the coffee flowing while you study or even just to grab a hot cup of tea and relax .
i ordered food from this place from seamless web i called after a hour because seamless said delivery time would be between 3045 minutes the gentlemen on the phone said it would be another 2030 minutes no apology terrible customer service never ordering from you again .
3 5 stars the biggest appeal s for this place is their cozy colorful interiors comfy couches and wifi coffee is ok their quiche is good the premade baked goods are fine too but nothing too special .
food was alright but seriously yo im sick and tired of going to cash only restaurants let alone traveling down to alphabet city to go to a goddamn cash only restaurant .
very good little coffee shop in university city sandwiches there are also quite good although its a small place plenty of seating .
combination of brick tile music  kitchen and cramped seating makes for an awfully  setting but the food was good and would have been enjoyed on the patio where one could hear ones companions witty banter .
good coffee served traditional small cups which is just how i like it service was nothing to write home about slow  neither friendly nor unfriendly .
yelp has great reviews so i figured i gave them a try interior nothing special cozy home feeling service was good bread plain and not good rissoto was descent but too salty 2 5 stars 20 for rissoto is all way too pricey .
best coffee in the area it is french press with low  also good friendly service and a pleasant atmosphere the  is excellent here .
pricy and very dark lighting food was okay .
if you want the best latte around the university city area this is where you should go a cup isnt cheap but its at a nice environment where you can hang out or study .
pretty decent food on the cheap i recommend the polenta holy mmm was absolutely unimpressed with the pesto minestrone soup which sounds like it coulda killed it fried chicken cutlet and pastas were decent place is adorable would probably go back just for some drinks .
best and  drip coffee around made with a french press i think comfortable setting cool scene but not too cool friendly staff they also have amazing gluten free brownies but wildly overpriced bananas .
horrible service and mediocre food hostess named  is truly dumb and has no sense of customer service .
so to the green haired barista with the bangin latte art both cups of coffee that i had looked amazing and tasted great i will definitely be going back soon .
im sorry but the food here is not good never coming back btw after  min my stomach got missed up .
id be back here my brother and i sat and hung out here for a little bit one afternoon they had a decent tea selection and the pastries looked pretty good the prices were reasonable and the shop had a nice decor .
i just want to echo some other complaints about this place good food lousy service .
best cup of coffee you will get in west philly the counter girl  two bags of coffee on the counter and asked which one i wanted dripped doesnt get fresher than that .
the fish was very good however the portions were not only small but more pricey than comparable sushi restaurants in the city also the menu selection was rather bland .
french pressed counter culture coffee and ample power outlets make this my favorite cafe in the area usually fairly quiet as well can occasionally be a problem to get a seat though but its nice as a meeting spot and the coffee makes working here a pleasure .
ok so im not a big fan of fancy rolls but this place was just awful all of their rolls were sweet and salty and over priced in addition im still trying to get used to paying for the green tea 3 for green tea you kidding me .
this is simply the best place for coffee in west philadelphia and probably the whole city i love the staff and i love their french pressed goodness lovers and  will you marry me .
got taken here a second time and it was just as pricy and awful trust me never order the edamame from them bleh oh and in my last review i meant to say reservations damn iphone spelling   .
pretty good coffee .
would have given them 1 star but they warrant 2 since i have such great memories from my childhood here other than that its now completely lackluster food is meh alright hours are absolutely stupid .
great place to study and definitely a gem in west philly penn area it has character and its quirky the drip coffee is not really worth it though pay the extra 1 and get their hand pour .
i dont get the hype pizza was too greasy and salty as you pick up a slice grease will cover your hand when you bite grease will drip from your chin sausage topping was like salt shavings with no hints of spice or sweetness .
spent a rainy afternoon here lots of light pleasant staff foods not bad cafe seems comfy and chill but i wish they had more couches .
a decent bar with a pretty good bar pie deserving of 3 perhaps 3 5 stars but last time there were a bunch of black charcoal things stuck to the bottom of my pie hey pizza  it kill you to scrape out oven once in a while .
good place they serve different counter culture coffees and the baristas are very good they also offer cookies brownies and what not the atmosphere tends to be a bit claustrophobic and its be nice if the hours were better .
most mediocre pizza ever overhyped bland and not worth your time if youre in this area of jersey take the extra 15 minute drive and go to  in elizabeth their pizza is worth writing about .
decent coffee place very relaxing take a book take your laptop take whatever you like ask for a cup of coffee you like maybe with some croissant and enjoy a great afternoon .
wayyyyy over rated service sucked too expensive for a small pizza people say they startavern is good pizza clearly they have mental issues and i will not take any advice from the people who say startavern is best pizza clearly they have not been to other places .
nice place lots of big open windows comfy couches a bunch of tables no shortage of outlets free  and delicious coffee i had a  i only hope i have more occasion to be in university city in the morning so i can come back here .
i spent 40 on takeout and was still very hungry after i ate the portions were extremely small and the sushi wasnt anything special disappointing would be the word id use to summarize my experience at yummy .
the coffee is good the staff is friendly and the environment is peaceful i just wish they had slightly longer hours .
not yummy if you like true sushi dont come here for example the tuna roll was made with what seemed to be canned tuna fish if your in the area  fusion is better a little more expensive but worth it .
i love this place heck just walking by it makes me happy came here with a friend for brunch the espresso drinks are delicious and definitely made with care and love i really enjoyed my chocolate croissant too .
ordered takeout from this place twice disappointed both times just not very fresh at all .
i am sitting here now updating my review with their improved free wifi same friendly staff and casual open vibe now  me as i enjoy my ice coffee and croissant .
below average sushi there are better options .
love it they close kinda early which is understandable since phillys no nyc but its sooo close to  wifi available cozy not too loud not too quiet perfect i recommend their exotic teas theyre all loose teas and as tasty as their names  awesome study spot .
really 8 50 for a pint of guinness now 5 around the corner at  and the service is a little better most time i guess that is for the better interior decorating here still a decent place for newark .
its cute the staff was sweet i like coffee .
terrible food terrible service lackluster beer list but always a good time with good company not a date place but its somewhere in newark to go after a day of work or class where you can be loud as a group .
i loved everything about this restaurant the service was prompt and courteous great wine selection enough variety in the seasonal menu to satisfy all members of our dining party the food was delicious and there were a lot of vegetarian choices im looking forward to returning .
while the food was average i had the mac and cheese with pulled pork the waitress here was incredibly hospitable and friendly not much else to say .
this place was great loved the service and the food the waiter  with my date for her to pay the bill and that wasnt cool other than that my tummy was  all the way home .
cmon  on whitney is okay not enough to franchise .
great seasonal food and wine at a good price its a little loud but very lively fun place to go for a night out will definitely keep coming back .
this place is gross it used to be better but  pizza always taste like  dough just nasty they need to step it up big time papa john needs to crack down on these indian   this aint 711 or subway .
just an all around great meal expected a corporate experience but was surprised by level of service and creativity in the menu all four at dinner were quite impressed .
most messed up order i ordered the works onion bacon tomato  they completely  my order with lots of onion and bacon and no tomato they didnt even put mushrooms and green peppers which by default should come with it so bad .
very nice meal good service interesting items on the menu nice portions ambience is very nice with good sound system and lighting definitely will be back .
terrible customer experience walk up to the counter you place your order and  go have a seat only to be kicked out of it because thats for dining guests only if you accidentally gotten online to order something to go .
food and service are excellent fish was perfectly cooked they offer small desserts at a reasonable price i dont often find that ill definitely be coming back .
do not eat food here just go to the to go section and get your order there because thats what the wait staff delivers .
first time checking out the spot got the pho tai to go and was very pleased fresh clean nice portions def going back .
service is awful unfriendly cashier with bad attitude the black female cashiers name was   on my receipt too slow even for a to go order .
pretty delicious vietnamese cuisine not bad for new jersey compared to the vietnamese restaurants ive tried in nyc the plating presentation is excellent too friendly staff glad to have another option in the area and something different other than the usual chinese takeout places .
the service is pretty horrendous very slow and with attitude i ordered the barbecue chicken salad it was edible i suppose this is an airport and i shouldnt have the highest standards regardless i was disappointed .
pretty good pho and rice entree also good spring rolls not as good as the other spots though but is local they left the oxtail in the pho .
its not that great sadly there many other options i got the roast beef sandwich and parts of it still treated cold .
the best pizza i have ever eaten great restaurant and very nice people five stars .
horrible service messy restaurant not respectful to customers just not a good experience at all .
had their regular pizza with onion and hot pepper toppings it was delicious and tasty their service and quality was great .
they had nothing available in the menu besides the sandwiches very impolite and unprofessional service they get by despite the bad service because this is the only restaurant available in terminal a .
excellent food with very friendly ownership it has no ambiance and a crowded seating area which is why it didnt get a perfect score they need a better washing machine for their  too .
great sandwich however had a horrible experience waiting 4045 mins for a simple order that was screwed not once but twice before i had to catch a flight  with caution .
awesome food if you are hungry for italian you need to try the stuffed squash flowers .
food not that great for its price alcohol is way to high i got charged 12 for a mixed drink if u have the time between your flights go back to terminal c much better restaurants there .
amazing tacos might be my new lunch spot really quality stuff .
worst ever food is incredibly slow give yourself over an hour but if youre there that early just eat before security instead of at the gate .
simple well prepared tasty tacos the lamb taco is one of my favorites friendly staff too .
the only thing worse than the food was the service .
ate here tonight with my girlfriend absolutely delicious food had the guacamole and the enchiladas the mexican owner was so nice and describes the authenticity of the food just a great place .
are you kidding me 9 for a 16oz beer skip this airport all together especially  a .
my go to place for mexican in morris county best tacos around authentic and consistent can be expensive though .
this is the only sit down choice in a overcrowded and cramped terminal a i had zero expectation from my meal but with 3 hours to spare there was nothing better around surprisingly mediterranean salad with tuna was very decent and service was passable .
good selection of tacos and delicious guacamole seafood soup and ceviche use frozen supermarket grade seafood dont even bother good chicha traditional peruvian drink made from corn ill come back for tacos only next time great service .
meat in sandwich was still frozen for the price you think they would get that right .
the food here is amazing seems to be a family owned business must try enchiladas and tacos if youre into spicy food get the guacamole with habanero peppers warning you will need plenty of water afterwards .
anemic overpriced salad terrible weak coffee and a waitress with a major attitude mean i wont be returning to this place any time soon .
excellent a huge interesting menu of very tasty pizza and peruvian and mexican foods low prices good portions friendly staff and now tablecloths on my most recent visit the ceviche mixto was superb and huge this place deserves to be crowded but youll get a table easily .
the sandwich was a good quality however the waitress was rude and disrespectful plus i had to wait 20 minutes for a take out .
i had the steak eggs rice and fries combo it was absolutely amazing and wasnt that expensive im pretty sure they have more wonderful dishes .
my girlfriend and i split a bbq chicken sandwich here before a flight we have both been very sick to our stomachs for days now do not eat here .
little hole in the wall  shop now turned  joint that has good food the tacos are very good as are the enchiladas and cactus fries ingredients were simple and fresh and the food was well prepared very large and varied menu .
this place is going down the hill the dosa is cold every time bland they now give the lentil soup sambar for free but its like having flavored hot water as there is no taste the rice that comes with the chef special was semi  .
very good loved the tacos lots of options i was in the area on business and found this restaurant through yelp i was not disapointed super tiny place but great food and good price all that matters to me .
if youve ever had a halfway decent dosa before this place will be a great disappointment my dosa was served tepid and not crispy the masala was bland and the sambar was really really bad .
just had dinner here last week and this place has the best tacos ive ever had comparable to miami caliber and the owners who also serve you are really nice the chorizo taco and spicy pork taco were my favorites and definitely try their horchata .
just a different concept of indian dosa not great food samosa was prepared with bad oil some people might like their concept dosa not authentic though limited menu .
excellent restaurant food is tasty and service is prompt and friendly ill definitely come back .
not worth my time or evening .
the best tacos .
the dosa wasnt anything like dosa the gobi  could have been better sambar given with dosa was okay nothing extraordinary like my american friends recommend they probably havent tasted good indian food .
love this place not gloppy cheesy mexican but simple flavorful authentic dishes i have only tried a few of the many dishes on the menu but will be back often .
blah flavors blah food blah decor just blah not worth it and better off just going somewhere else .
the tacos here are so good try the  and the pastor tacos they also have great traditional peruvian dishes if you are in the area its a must .
food is alright nothing great the fact that you have to pay for chutney and sambhar pissed me off kathi rolls are just about ok again nothing great .
excellent for the price and huge portions the food is excellent and has a home made taste to it any entree feeds at least two people i have been there a few times and love the peruvian food the mexican food is good as well .
have been looking for a place in philly for good dosa unfortunately my search continues .
one of my local favorites for mexican food tacos empanadas soup salchipapas and that spicy peruvian green sauce i love to put on everything someday i might actually try their pizza but so far have been  into the latin food every time .
really pathetic food none of the menu items were upto the mark the food was bad the  is that the name of the restaurant is chutneys and the chutneys were the worst probably the worst i have ever tasted no taste whatsoever avoid at all costs .
pork enchiladas with red sauce and chicken tostadas great .
dont go here the  or whatever was alright but too much pancake and not enough filling for the 11 i shelled out and i didnt even get a drink the cilantro chutney is almost flavorless spend your hard earned cash more  at  palace .
great food reasonably priced with friendly service just say no to taco bell people and come here .
pizza is good but thats the only thing worth ordering aside from that the  decor needs some major updating .
i used to frequent the indian place next door not anymore this place is as good as it gets i had the quesadillas as well as the chorizo  totally impressed go here .
normally love red robin but this time around the service was horrible and the gourmet burger made my friend throw up they didnt even offer to remove the burger from her bill after she told them i will never go back to this red robin again .
brazilian pizza of as many flavors there are .
unfortunately it has gone downhill over the years uneven service by waitstaff a red sauce menu that lacks creativity  sorry to see .
food is good not great risotto lollipops were very good as was the pizza the management  is very very attentive and accommodating only 4 stars because it shares a building and bathroom with fuddruckers weird .
there is a reason why this restaurant is always empty .
the food was really good but it didnt come out all at once and the server was slow despite our telling him that we were in a rush to get back to work we ordered nachos pulled pork sandwich caesar salad and red stone salad all great .
whenever im in ironbound i find myself back at cafe  for  i enjoy the atmosphere its really laid back the patio is my favorite spot i havent tried anything off their menu as of yet their service is slow and can definitely use some work .
my wife and i ate dinner here tonight the red stone tavern lollipops are awesome portions are big and delicious well definitely be returning on a regular basis .
the food use to be so good when i ordered the cheese platter there was barely any cheese and the chorizo wasnt even cut all the way when i tried picking i one chorizo a whole trail would follow .
guys stop being retarded and  this place on their salmon or their shrimp its a pizza joint have their specialty brick oven pizza it will blow you away .
the drunken noodles were not fresh it looked like they just warmed it up in the microwave and served it to us and the scallops with garlic sauce barely had any scallops i would give it 0 stars if i could .
ive gone here twice on sundays ate at the bar the food is fantastic servers are friendly owner always walking around checking on patrons typical bar and grill food but great quality for the price .
while the food is ok the fact that we saw a cockroach making its way to the table next to us makes me never want to come back here .
grilled lime chicken is a good dish especially for the price salads were nice and big there appears to be a good selection of craft beers and a decent wine list given this place doesnt seem too fancy friendly service at the bar for lunch .
great dinein experiences always however when i ordered delivery it took over an hour and when i called they hadnt even placed my order to be made yet very disappointing .
their chicken piccata salmon risotto are delicious they make great martinis too youd never guess theyre attached to a fuddruckers its a very nice restaurant the service is great as well i would definitely return next time in town .
the reviews here are way over the top i ordered hash and it was out of a can no way you get more than 2 stars with hash out of a can .
great food with a nice vibe atmosphere definitely worth checking out .
my husband and i have been wanting to come here forever and finally made it sad to say i was not impressed long lines average food thats overpriced there are way better brunch spots located throughout queens that id choose over this place any day .
nice decor had the roast beef sandwich best sandwich i have had in a long time would get 5 stars but they need to train the staff better on the finer points napkin silverware before the meal arrives prices reasonable i will be back and recommend .
been here couple times and wasnt all that impressed and not to mention the place has b for rating overpriced for the quality of the food and it takes a lifetime for the food to come .
went here in september and enjoyed the  i ordered they were made well and definitely strong i love the cozy interior and hope my husband who is also a fan  it for our next date night .
came here for lunch mediocre experience we ordered appetizers service was slow my fried calamari came out barely warm and tasteless my friends chicken fingers looked good tasted blah that sums up my lunch the end .
im not a big yelper but this place is special beautiful ambiance inside and great cocktails try the  mezcal negroni i could drink these all night .
not a fan brunch was not brunch hollandaise sauce was more like mayonnaise food was cold poached egg was not poached yolk was rock solid in the middle better brunch spots in astoria .
im raising my rating to 4 stars after several  ordinary has replaced  crown in my mind for best cocktails in new haven their drinks are outstanding fresh juices the right amount of liquor intriguing concoctions wish i could go more often than i do .
didnt love the best sandwich in nyc maybe theyre better for brunch but dinner was not so good for the price and reputation of the restaurant slow and un attentive service also .
pleasant ambiance friendly and attentive staff as well as a creative and varied selection of drinks and food .
pretty sure the ham egg and cheese sandwich i just ate is going to give me food poisoning the ham tasted like rotting fish food safety is questionable at best this was a to go order .
my friends and i went here on a tuesday night for someones birthday and it was great the drinks are really creative fairly priced and delicious our bartender chris was really friendly and very knowledgable overall wonderful little spot .
did not like it at all the food and service were way below standards i do not recommend this place .
a really great place to hang out the bartenders are friendly easy going and helpful they have a great selection of beers the pulled pork platter is our favorite its just a nice new haven place to get a drink and some good food .
our waiter was rude and we were rushed also they play crap music really loud even during brunch the food was ok but there are definitely better options in the area .
great selection delicious gin and cocktails 12 bottled wine on tuesdays cant beat that bartender matt is wonderful and always  a brilliant conversation with us can get really crowded on the weekends so get early theres coat  everywhere doormen are always kind .
tried it three times for brunch and dinner never had a good experience food poisoned twice .
service is excellent drinks are excellent but pricey food is also very good and reasonably fast this is probably the best place downtown for classy  drinks from exceptional bartenders highly recommended .
besides for breakfast this place is useless they  very low quality meat i dined here a few times but last night was def my last my meals have consistently been mediocre to gross also dessert portions are tiny .
amazing drink selection and of course food selection swanky cocktail lounge with a local gastropub infusion craft beer  cocktails local artisan cheese and charcuterie righteous  jerky  handmade pies best grilled cheese ever highly recommend for any night of the week .
id give it no stars if i could the mexican workers are slow and were having a full convo at the bar must have forgot they were at work food came 30mins later and honestly was very salty and the prices are overrated for a diner .
great bar i just discovered in downtown new haven so refreshing to find some place interesting and hip to hang out lots of great cocktails and craft beers on tap check them out .
im sorry but i dont get the hype the line is so long but there a million better places for brunch in astoria ive been three times and always left disappointed .
bourbon meat pies and some of my favorite bartenders in town .
brunch take forever to get serve .
my husband and i were visiting for the day a friend took us to ordinary our cocktails were great all around and the atmosphere was really cozy .
breakfast one sunday morning the quesadillas were ok but quesadillas are so easy how could they not be awesome the waffle was fresh yet without soul the tiny jar of maple syrup was real at least .
loved the butt sandwich and the cheese platter beer choices were either very heavy or canned craft beers service was 5star i would go back hope they might add a few more beer taps and menu items .
must have been an off day the waffle was over cooked the pancakes were too big and dry the eggs were also over cooked the  sucked also and they didnt take it off the bill so the waitress didnt get a tip .
awesome craft beers amazing cheese boards  meat pies you cant lose this place used to be  and the old half yards are still available but the new owner same as caseus has  the old menu into some great options try everything including the cool cocktails .
really we have to charge you extra for caesar salad so damn stupid it fewer ingredients than the regular salad .
decent little take out sushi place in the  food court prices are reasonable and the food always tastes fresh its nothing fancy but i actually prefer it that way definitely a welcome addition to the work lunch rotation .
this is overpriced diner food at a renovated diner that plays loud house music simply put its not worth the 12 guacamole appetizer never again .
food here is great the people that work there are very friendly bagels are made in the store i definitely prefer this over the quick check or dunkin donuts .
i was not impressed with the pulled pork sandwich their other  items for dinner looked alright i wouldnt say its the best choice for dinner in the area but ive heard that their brunch is excellent .
came here for the first time with my wife its christmas day and we just ate breakfast we ate egg omelettes with whole wheat pancakes food was perfect and service was top notch i will definately be back .
the food is actually pretty decent with a good brunch offer but its  loud .
sister restaurant to   in  serving the same menus and specials good breakfast choices and less expensive than the chains .
too dark makes me think what they are hiding food is not that great maybe they should of focused on  the food the renovation of the place .
great place really good pancakes and coffee its a little loud but overall the place is great .
dont buy any muffins here purchased one and when i got home and  it it was green  .
i have been going to the stack for over 30 years never had one complaint about anything always a great experience and the staff is excellent .
not the best idea to have one person working the counter at  i walked out man i miss new york .
if paula deen ate here she would have a heart attack because their butter is to die for my favorite breakfast spot hands down i usually order a couple some pancakes some eggs meatloaf and coffee yes i finish everything .
very disappointed we frequent this place weekly and just asked them to help out with an event in their town for our   com and they denied us so upset wont be going here again based on  .
went for breakfast on monday the service was fast food was even faster it was delicious i will def be bringing more friends here when they visit reasonable prices too .
decent bagels but the prices are too high and the deli food is old and rancid in fact pretty sure i got food poisoning from eating a sausage egg cheese platter from here do yourself a favor and drive the extra 2 minutes to bagel bistro for breakfast .
a great place to eat ive only had breakfast here but it was tasty and the service is wonderful .
very expensive and the food does not warrant the prices they are asking go elsewhere .
the stack is a famous diner for buttermilk pancakes the best i recommend diner because breakfast is served all day the owner and his team are very friendly and hospitable super bowl 48 visitors will not be disappointed .
the bagels are made fresh daily but the workers act like theyre the bagel  there are so many other places in the area in just a few blocks with better food and friendlier service id give them a 0 if i could dont waste your time .
had the hash browns with eggs and pecan pancakes was fresh and delicious the place had a log cabin feel to it found a new breakfast spot .
overall food quality was poor pasta was not cooked long enough and portions are very small .
large menu to choose from everything is good food comes out quick and hot portions are generous staff is always courteous i have been going here for years and never had a bad meal only bad thing is their desserts are limited and stale .
the portion is very very very small its like ridiculous for the price seriously taste is not bad but not good enough for its price never choose this place when you are starving i am not coming back to this place never ever .
 awesome food cools staff from so cal so had the country fried steak eggs bacon and  it was bomb my girl loved it too .
cons hectic crowded hh food is way overpriced korean fusion menu but nothing special no restroom on the main dining floor upstairs pros nice decor cool atmosphere friendly but not warm staff .
this place is great for a consistent breakfast come on the later side for breakfast if not u will be waiting on line .
food was decent service not so much there are too many places to eat in nyc to suffer with bad service .
two words pancake adventure ten silver dollar pancakes made into 5 stuffed sandwiches stuffed with fruit filling and add whipped cream on top coffee is excellent not 5 stars simply because this is all i have had first timer but i will go back .
eh the wings were good the service was terrible our  was a little  but she was so adorable that we couldnt stay mad with all of the hiccups there are too many good restaurants in this neighborhood i could definitely skip this place next time .
best place for breakfast hands down beware you will wait on weekends .
the ambiance is great the decor is cool but the service food and cocktails are not worth the trip very limited menu with not many appealing options i would not recommend this place or return there .
awesome breakfast coffee is excellent and dont miss the pancakes or french toast be ready for a long wait if you come for breakfast or lunch but well worth the wait and time .
not a fan weak on the toppings pie had way to much sauce to cheese ratio which made it like a tomato pie and the price was high i have no problem spending 28 for 2 personal pies as long as the they are up to par .
great potato pancakes nice early american  friendly owners pam is a cute hostess .
got two pies takeout they were small for the price and were skimpy on the toppings there are local options .
best pancakes on earth period .
overrated maybe ive been here for too many  but the place feels like it serves decent wedding food not quite cafeteria but definitely mass produced somehow .
 is my go to breakfast spot before i fly to some inferior state cough cough california cough that never figured out the whole diner thing .
really expensive i work in the industry and i have to say that this was a poorly thrown together menu food was meh idk ive have much better .
awesome employee only spot at ewr food is always hot and fresh and the price is right .
the food is pretty bad we had a sea bass a halibut and duck breast the fish was quite tasteless the duck undercooked dessert is good but it doesnt worth the price  is much better or zinc .
a very good value for the money combination of american and asian food the breakfast was great we will come back the cappuccino was ok but less than perfect .
 the food was terrible we were so disappointed so overpriced so mediocre save your money and go somewhere else .
the food is good its  style where you can order anything i ordered the chicken bibimbap which unexpectedly came with a small miso soup there are a few tables in the front where you can people watch additional seating upstairs .
good food but overpriced and service is only average for his kind of money in a small city like new haven you could do much better .
perfect .
it hadnt occurred to me at the time but i am asian perhaps in consideration of recent events that better explains our treatment .
i like this place for lunch solid salad bar good array of options but im giving it 4 stars instead of five because how are you a gourmet deli without having  as an option for sandwiches still irritated about that one ill be back regardless .
we show up with a reservation on time and waited close to smother hour the staff was not friendly at all for the price the restaurant was charging i was expecting too much the food was good but not worth it .
food as absolutely delicious and quick service too .
the food was good but i thought the service was odd have been to 3   restaurants before the other restaurants truly make an effort to be courteous and professional didnt feel all that welcomed at this restaurant certainly not worth the 400 per person price .
tasty healthy wellpriced food for a quick lunch in a clean open space .
its an  wait for an open seat the decor is splendid the food well its pretentious to the point of cliche but entirely edible nice and quiet .
great gourmet food fast service and affordable prices cant really beat that for lunch in new york when you want a quick bite .
blah not really much to say here other than the meatball subs are a solid standby the pizza is not ny style more like greek style this is basically a take out place where you can grab a grinder and hit the road .
my new office is surrounded by overpriced limp salads i miss you fork spoon the salad station always had  fresh ingredients and a great price for the small .
the pizza is good for a late night snack the chicken park sub is not bad overall nothing too exciting here .
this is great place for lunch in working day and hangout with friends on weekend the place is clean and bright you have many options japanese korean salad bar sandwich etc the food is great with reasonable price .
wont deliver outside of walking distance hard to call yourself a true delivery service otherwise .
i took my motherinlaw for lunch and we both loved it almost too many choices i wish i lived nearby to try all of the  .
ive certainly had worse pizza but ive also had much much better pizza for what it is this pizza is overpriced it should be a dollar for a slice of this kind of stuff sorry to say it .
we had a good experience here read where staff looked confused by the order which they did but they got everything right and it was fresh tasty and for midtown very reasonable clean bright place would go back again .
tried calling to see what is the wait for brunch so we can decide if its worth going there was told they dont give the wait time over the phone why makes no sense not going there .
if youre looking for a good deli in midtown this is your place very clean tons of options from noodles sushi sandwiches to buffet and comparable prices i dont usually eat from buffets in this area because theyre always disgusting but this one looked pretty good .
nice decor but the food was nothing memorable i was quite disappointed coffee was terrible pancakes were poorly done .
omg bibimbap nuff said .
they  my credit card this is sketchy as hell and im not going back the drinks were good but how can you go to a place that tries to  you .
the usual morning thing for me coffee  roll they were fast and the food was  good and there were even a few open seats in the little cafe area up front maybe next time i will try some real food .
food is good location and  are excellent front of house is hit or miss wait staff is rude overrated .
solid deli for lunch simple bright and airy i stopped in late one afternoon after a meeting in the area and picked up a chicken parmesan panini granted i missed the lunch hour rush but the place seemed impeccable and clean good find in the area .
beautiful restaurant but if you come to  you should know that you are coming for the ambiance not the food i came in a group and we are all  disappointed in everything we ordered the service was fine but nothing exceptional .
this is a great place to get a quick bite thats fresh and healthy atmosphere is bright clean and spacious with tons of seating and a second floor which over looks the first i went for lunch with a few friends and we all loved it .
the sauteed venison is really just an oily breaded panfried piece of meat accompanied by burnt cauliflower overall disappointing food the decor is cool though lively place .
great korean deli big salad bar good soups sandwiches udon soup bar .
just experienced some of the rudest service i have ever encountered my partner and i were having dinner at the bar and the bartenders approach to her customers was appalling we will not be back ever .
when i begin a a review with forgive me father for i have  i am in food heaven it has everything for everyone and is in an excellent location my favorite was the make your own pasta bar this was my first time but not my last .
dinner was nearly dismal entrees served before drinks overpriced steak was small chewy and tasteless and the entire experience was an  in being rushed out the door cute wait staff and lively ambiance kept this from being a single star wont be back .
clean extremely friendly staff and the food is of high quality and is reasonably priced i like to get salads for lunch and the salad bar at fork spoon is significantly cheaper than  i certainly wont go back there now that this place has opened .
after a 2 hour wait the service was horrible the food was ok expensive for what you got i read the drinks were amazing it was eeeh wouldnt go back again .
the cashiers are incredibly friendly the place is spotlessly clean and the salads are delicious and wellpriced for the amount of toppings you get and only 1 more for soup i go there every day for lunch .
completely dont understand the fuss about this place the food was okay the service was terrible i was left thinking the entire wait staff were on a  downer the price was too high .
very good place to go for breakfast or lunch the neighborhood lacks food locations that have this many options in one place not your typical nyc deli not only is the food great but the interior space is designed well and very clean .
went here for brunch they were out of almost every signature dish on the menu the service was pretty shoddy each dish 4 top was well made however none of us were too blown away the atmosphere is really cute and i bet much better at night .
found this little gem after the philadelphia marathon w some friends great décor with some cool people who let you enjoy yourselves if you are looking for a great bar w some good food this is the spot for you .
artichoke dip w french bread app yum  it and burnt roof of mouth leek and asparagus hash main  yum  polished shabby chic rustic barn feel  and pretentious which totally ruined the experience .
pleasant surprise really great potato soup and bacon wrapped meatloaf fries super good too staff was also very pleasant .
everything was cooked  but i could not find flavor in either the appetizer pork sausage on corn pudding or the entree roast chicken on spinach barely above cafeteria food not worth the price sorry .
highend bar food at good prices particularly for old city and fantastic cocktails had delicious sazerac and  last night the crowd is mellow without the  vibe of the rest of 2nd street .
beware the restaurant which thinks it doesnt need its customers while the food and ambience are fine here i can think of many many other places around here to eat without the speakeasy  so  attitude barely even worth commenting on .
this place is wonderful truly a historic gem cozy lighting old wood bar   and frank singing perfect for  date escape from cold weather attentive bartender try the fried pickles .
ive definitely seen this place  when wandering around the les with usually some girl we wander up this alley see the crowd laugh that we are not these people in the least and then leave .
cute little place good food service a little slow but thats because it was pretty packed will visit again .
the food was decent but not worth the wait on a sunday brunch we waited 2 hours for a table we wouldnt have waited so long but the hostess kept telling us we were about to be seated and going somewhere else means waiting somewhere else .
i love the music at sass on the week nights its a great romantic getaway that changes up the typical happy hour feel even if youre not  up its a classy yet relaxing vibe definitely reminiscent of the  era but damn is it pricey .
prepare to be annoyed the food is unremarkable the decor is lacking and too many bloody hipsters .
wondering thru the local streets of philly and my buddies brought me here to try an  cocktail in a word awesome thanks guys .
dank ass raw sausage it was so soft and mushy that i instantly  ruined the rest of the already semi gross food for me nothing felt right after that loud icky people at the table next to me were also awful just awful .
always love going to sassafras what a bar should be great bartenders good music and the food is always on point .
slow service average food sausage was raw asked for things and never got it burnt coffee loud patrons at the next table were the worst ever .
great for a date intimate and usually have good live music during the week bartenders pour good drinks and there are decent food options .
ordered pizza and breadsticks prompt delivery but after having one bite my girlfriend and i both agreed it was the worst pizza we have ever had i was incredibly disappointed and tossed the rest avoid at all costs .
great live jazz thurs thru sun and some other music on monday although have not made a monday night yet bartenders are attentive good and make great drinks wine is pricey but where is it not food fantastic .
pizza and sandwiches are ok and price fairly .
great spot for a special  dinner with my friends the food was great and the cocktails were worth it service was relaxed and attentive get the pierogis to start just do it .
food is ok i use to order from here but as of lately the staff owners have been very nasty and the food is blah .
awesome bar great innovative cocktails bartenders are very informative and friendly .
overpriced limited options seem to be paying more for  than food which is mediocre dessert was delicious though .
i loved this place its classy and romantic i had a wonderful time sipping on cocktails and enjoying those amazing sweet potato fries oh yeah and  .
food ok service seemed a bit off and definitely pricey the pork sandwich was moderate no particular taste drinks v good .
lovely and they dont mind if i sip a manhattan while sketching for an hour or so .
the bread was burnt it took 35 minutes to get our drinks the portions were small and everything was very salty impossible to get our water glasses filled very confused staff and slow service needless to say will not be going back .
great burgers good beer selection on tap friendly waitstaff and cozy atmosphere my only complaint is that  to the womens bathroom is a little windy intimidating after a few beers other than that it was great .
i wouldnt recommend any one to come here i did not try their food yet i just went in to get a hot coffee for my friend there staff were so rude and give me a  feeling .
i always stop by this bar when in the area  is super charming and completely hot upstairs bathroom is very female friendly .
had the pork sandwich and the beef  soup the broth was great but the meet could have used some seasoning .
fantastic little tucked away cocktail bar with amazing music and what looks to be a wonderful food menu .
the food was ok but the service was terrible the roast pork dumplings were really good and the beef pho was tasty the rest of the dishes were nothing great rude and impatient staff ruined the experience a little .
the drinks ambiance and service were all excellent we were constantly  by people confused about how to enter and exit the establishment an  or sign might be helpful also the womens restroom is a must .
cute shop but no credit card machine and the worst flavorless broth for almost 9 pho will not return .
nice place to stop in they have a friendly bar crew and a good ambiance .
the service was so rushed that we were asked 3 times if we were ready to order food we were not finished eating was taken away and we were  over awkwardly after we paid the bill the food was not worth being treated rudely .
great atmosphere there was a little live music i was so happy i went there food and drinks were awesome had the steak sandwich w sweet potato fries and my husband had the ostrich burger soo good .
the waiters suck the attitude is so bad we paid more than the bill and wait for the exchange in order to give them tips but they take the extra as granted so bad dont recommend this restaurant .
we live in the neighborhood so we tend to avoid the neighborhood bars because so many of them are so obnoxious this place is for  excellent cocktails and burgers served up by very classy gentlemen i wish we had more places like this in old city .
consider how the waitress treat you the food doesnt really worth the price and the tips they ask for they have the say on how much tips you should leave no matter what you can get much more delicious thai food near chinatown jus few minutes walk away .
i used to be vegetarian until i discovered their ostrich burger its amazing .
the waitress came over and asked for more tip what the f oh did i mention hair in food usually people give 15 tip this isnt enough are you asking for more tip yes you dont ask for more tip .
decent atmosphere efficient bartenders sometimes music and acceptable prices combine to make this place probably the best chill bar in the old neighborhood .
the food is pretty good great atmosphere and a great location but it was disappointing because their staff forgot everything even when we reminded them twice staff are friendly but by the end of our night we still didnt get what we asked for .
delicious veggie burger hummus  plate they had good beers on tap and the bartender was very knowledgeable highly recommend .
just officially had the worst pho of my life maybe it was a fluke but the soup was nearly cold beef stayed pink sprouts stayed raw didnt come with basil either left the beef for last and it was still  gray blech .
holy cow the ostrich burger and sweet potato fries were great excellent and unique beer selection i recommend getting a seat by the fireplace red  .
terrible pho accompanied by lukewarm service .
great drinks i recommend the  float 2 of those a martini and some sweat potato fries cost us 40 .
nothing special for beef pho too crowded on a thursday they squished 3 groups on one table and you had to share surprised at 4 stars cheap though .
this is a beautiful bar the last time i went they had a fantastic   the patrons of the establishment live violin music while you drink .
still incredibly rude i popped in for takeout and gosh i cant believe id forgotten how awful the waiters treat you the quality of service here is unbelievable never ever coming back .
lamb burger i mean do i really need to say more .
rude and rushed service from the waitress beef pho was average at best and was served warm not hot grilled pork was pretty good but it was not worth putting up with the waitress unbearable attitude .
im a big fan of the sass great food great beers friendly service in the olde historic philly .
staff is extremely rude wont be back .
best burger .
ugh another yelp let down maybe offnight but  classic banh mi was extremely forgettable service also blew rude counter person find another job if you   .
my wife and i love this  were down there to catch a movie and every other place is overflowing with people we can almost always get a quiet table in sassafras by the fire place great beer  more so considering what bars surround it .
quite an americanized establishment food was below average .
fantastic bar fantastic staff fantastic patrons whats not to like .
does it matter how good the food is if youre denied the opportunity to eat in a 23 full restaurant whose patron youve been since its inception bummer guys .
went to sassafras the last time i was in town and it was a great quiet bar nice ambience good beer selection and a chill atmosphere .
i think its a bit  to pride yourselves on healthy wholesome heirloom farm fresh food but cook it all in blended  oil gross if you ever change your cooking oil to a non soy non gmo oil let me know id be happy to return .
sassafras is open again a real bar for real people in old city what a concept a large variety of beers to choose from and good whiskey too friendly bar tenders .
i dont get the hype its confusing overpriced however clean the location is ideal i believe its another emperors new clothes  place .
awesome no other italian restaurant can match this establishment .
unpleasant experience waitress rushed us while ordering i dont understand why she was in such a hurry because it took us 45 minutes to get our california and spicy tuna rolls for better service timing and overall tastier sushi we will stick to  from now on .
great food cozy place super nice hospitality and service and thats coming from an italian .
the food may be great but i cant say much about it as i didnt get a chance to try it their website gives a specific closing time we arrived 15 mins prior and they wouldnt serve us even though we knew exactly what we wanted very misleading .
highly recommend this place i have been numerous times and each time is just as good as the last cheap prices for large portions chicken parm is delicious and big enough for two staff is always friendly and welcoming small cozy atmosphere surrounded with brick walls .
the ramen had no flavor you cannot taste any miso in it the pork buns were dry and not tender i am never going back again it did not taste authentic id rather go to  in  any day .
delicious great service where they make you feel like part of the family  out to  .
ok if youve never been to a noodle house but if you had the real thing youll be disappointed service is slow and soup was not authentic i had high hopes since i just moved to the area guess ill keep looking .
old school are your parents old school brooklyn italian then go here and get some classic italian food everything we had was delish large portions .
way overpriced for vietnamese food they have one in edison but back then it didnt cost an arm and a leg .
i love this place is a family restaurant small but u dont need a big restaurant to show ur love for food and people we coming back for some more food and wine .
had the pho   pricey yet small portion taste was about average very stingy with the beef .
this place is awesome food is unbelievable and the people are super nice i highly recommend eating here but make a reservation oh and dont forget to try the toasted almond tiramisu .
worst steak ever .
tried the lobster cannelloni and it was good only issue was that space was a little right looking to try the meatballs next time .
i had their burger ok wings nothing special and a duvel i experienced the slowest service ever it took 40 minutes with no  to get a burger on a saturday afternoon at  .
just happened to pass by and went in for some food it felt like being at a friends house for dinner had the pasta carbonara and it was to die for .
i did not like the calamari owner spent about 40 minutes  my butt but the food and prices are not in  food essentially sucks .
great food service not too good and extremely loud very limited beer selection large portions and reasonably priced l .
ate here food isnt that great especially for the price do not eat here drank here a few nights why is the owner drunk and trying to pick up young girls the owner is very fake .
customer service was friendly helpful for outoftowners food service was quick meals were tasty and plentiful .
these people have no clue the beef kabab was tough he is using a cheap cut and the falafel was like mini hockey pucks if you want the real deal travel 15 minutes to paterson and the worst one there will put this place to shame .
two words lobster rollatini holy shit wait thats four words this is the kind of dying breed italian restaurant that makes your   when you eat because its so good go .
just saw them drop a falafel pick it up and put it in a pita disgusting not to mention that i think i saw the owner take out the garbage and go right back to the grill without washing his hands never going back there again .
great food lovely atmosphere excellent service the pesto was my favorite .
sucks on friday night dead  city didnt wanna go all the way over there for no reason so i got a white russian pretty solid 1 star .
love this place we have to go back to try everything and make it to desert next time yummy .
used to call it  now ill just call it  .
great neighborhood family style italian place non pretentious what the olive garden  it was .
we  i work in the same complex as  and several of us really wanted a close option for lunch consistently we have been underwhelmed by the food and frustrated with the slow service .
the food was great i would give it five starts but the place was hot we were all sweating and they decided to not turn on the ac for some reason .
awesome food but the food cart has reasonable prices 67 arepa the dine in prices are out of control for the exact same food  this place cannot  a 18 entree i was offended .
love this place great food friendly environment everything you could want in a little italian restaurant and the meatballs are as big as my head yum .
its almost a find very  service and the entrees while promising seem oddly sweet and to a strange extreme maybe its the region where the owner hails from .
very well cooked familystyle italian food in a cozy atmosphere the meatballs are very good and just big enough to fill you up for about a week definitely recommend not expensive kids friendly .
we ordered at  and now its  with no delivery in sight i called them two times for the delivery this is a little ridiculous .
brilliant food place is crowded and too loud .
its been a nice place for me to have lunch but today its noisy the waitress talked  near us ignore the feeling of guest i do not to tip but finally i  .
simply delicious the wine the appetizer the meal and the dessert were all top notch .
worst delivery ever  minutes from taking my order to final delivery seriously .
excellent food and ambiance .
i am  everything was way below the average .
italian food to its finest the pumpkin ravioli with the nut sauce is the best ravioli ive ever had cant wait to go back already .
it doesnt matter how great the food is when the wait staff and owner are  rude even by nyc standards its simply not worth it at least not for italian food which this city has in relative abundance .
simply put this place is awesome dont come here if you dont value small places and with big atmosphere it is very small .
why were you closed both times i tried to come here during listed operating hours i dont like that .
love this place its a tight fit and loud but thats part of what is great the food is amazing it was one of the best  ive ever had cant wait to go back .
waited 1hr for appetizers at the bar they never came lady bartender was unbelievably rude a shame because the menu looked good .
great old style italian the food was on point and the service was excellent a family clearly runs the restaurant dad was cooking i had the most amazing manicotti .
the cook here was really aggressive with me i have no idea what i said or did but hen was so nasty really not cool .
best service best menu advice best homemade northern italian lobster cannelloni or bust super mom and pop literally grandma greeted us at the front door love it .
fyi no strollers which im sure many of you  are  about but on a tuesday evening before 9 when no ones even in there and i wanna take my mom for a burger with my sleeping baby  a break good luck sea  .
best italian anywhere yes including italy puts those folks to shame .
smallest portion of lomo saltado i ever saw at a peruvian restaurant plus theres like 7 peruvian restaurants in west orange so it makes no sense .
highly recommend try the meatballs .
the most overrated restaurant ever cold average testing food rushed ordering line system and weird menu .
excellent food service and atmosphere highly recommend .
smaller portions higher prices colder ribs this place used to be great but its on the highway to crap .
great italian food the owner is the sweet older man hes great his son who has been taking over well sadly hes kind of not nice not friendly rude and insulting its such a shame the food is amazing .
tried it again still not impressed with the food not the tastiest or most tender meat ive ever had just felt overwhelmingly full at the end of my meal still prefer hill country bbq .
i had the lobster  it was delicious .
food was not good at all fed the leftovers to my dog and she got sick too its hard to find good bbq in ny but this is definitely not it .
just like eating with family authentic consistent been many times when in ny delicious and reasonably priced just go its small so if your going before 10 have a reservation or youll wait a bit  .
this was my favorite place until me and my boyfriend each got food poisoning from the ribs different nights they must not be cooked correctly .
piccolo is now my favorite italian restaurant in nyc unpretentious check affordable check huge portions check owner who greets you personally check garlic everywhere there should be in generous portions check cozy atmosphere check .
ok but no one came to greet us nothing special .
i love this place go back in time and get home cooked italian food .
family friendly wouldnt let kids sit down at open tables while we waited in line to order their food .
house red wine lobster cannelloni with vodka sauce nutella cheesecake almond tiramisu all made for a memorable saturday night great family style neighborhood italian cant wait to return .
mighty quinns a bit overrated the food was just ok really stingy on the side dishes so you need to buy extra side dish for 6 and change for medium size will not go again .
piccolo is like walking into my grandma  kitchen and knowing from the glorious smells and open arms that im home its the most perfect little corner in new york city if you havent eaten here you must go now .
bad service slow and rude better places else where the waitress wouldnt let me sit down when my husband was ordering even though my back was killing me there were plenty of chairs as it was 6pm going else where for bbq .
the only place that i have been to that has been able to  my grandfathers tomato sauce grazie mario  call ahead for reservations folks this is a tough one to get into without them .
the brisket was very dry and lacking flavor im curious as to why they throw rock salt on top of the brisket when its served good bbq should rarely need seasoning .
great food usually a line def recommend .
yeah i just heard this place doesnt serve customers at  until theres a long line so basically fuck this place .
great food decent service meh for the wine selection the food hands down is a five star situation they have a goat cheese ravioli that is out of this world the waiters are nice enough a little  worth going for the food enough said .
here is a haiku baked beans are the best fette sau is better on meat dry bread is too big .
excellent service food and atmosphere feels like a small town restaurant i ordered the lobster cannelloni with vodka sauce which was absolutely amazing very nice selection of wines too .
just had lunch here food was just ok and the surely waitress never really came by after delivering my food i would go elsewhere .
this really delivered good red sauce italian and quality service had meatballs and lobster cannelloni both good enough to go back for their house wine was reasonable in pricing and went well with the meal will return for sure yelp you were right .
ah cha cha cha cha wheres my  an irish bar that doesnt play irish music i prefer  but this place can be fun when its packed .
like everyone says the lobster cannelloni with vodka sauce is to die for the bottle of house wine was a bargain and the bottle was huge and the service was great even at 1030 at night the waiter offered up his iphone  to boot .
the place has really good drink specials and for pub food its not bad but i really wish they had fries on the menu service is eh .
gigantic meatballs and house red are total comfort items and we love taking out of town guests here for a real neighborhood experience we even spent a new years eve dinner here with friends same friends who introduced us to the spot a few years back .
the service is slow but the portion are small mediocre food bottom of the top ten in queens .
we were here with a large group the food was very good but its the staff that will bring me back theyre friendly and efficient and they made the evening more enjoyable go .
was there last night and saw a roach crawling on the wall .
this place is great .
if you want a frozen  burger with brown lettuce then this is your place enjoy or not .
try the chilean sea bass it will change your life .
3 beers smithwicks and a burger 37 not a good value the service from the bartender ryan was excellent the burger was ok but overwhelmed by the size of the bun fries and slaw were good overall okay but not worth the money .
for very authentic italian dish and atmosphere piccolo  comes very close just make sure you make reservation days before your desired date its pretty difficult to get a table on the day of .
great beer selection and service however was disappointed with my fish and chips fish was over fried oily onion ring basket however was great low marks on food but great beers and atmosphere .
great local diner food is fresh good coffee friendly staff i frequently get an omelette which is always cooked perfectly no complaints here keep it up .
great beer weak food menu .
all i got was wings the sauce on these wings were fantastic best sauce ever traditional mild .
 food fest stand in front of their  location no service whatsoever to start an even greater  considering this proximity looking beyond this unforgivable  i got the only fare a  can garner at a gastropub and it was mediocre at best .
the montville diner is a stop whenever im in the area they make very good omelets and have high quality service .
i avoid this location like the plague there are always people selling junk in front and  who approach you as you enter and exit who needs this stuff when trying to dine .
best diner in the area worth driving an extra 1015 minutes to get to great food excellent prices .
ive been wanting to go there for two years but havent made it yet i did want to give a gift certificate to someone for christmas but ive called three times in one week and cant get a call back if this is how they treat their customers .
what is a period of time in montville without a visit to the diner i enjoy the food but like lauren had said you are certainly bound to run into tons of people that you dont especially want to see .
this star no longer shines bright food was mediocre as was the service the place needs a facelift and a power washing if you really are in the mood for diner food there are better places to go along   .
the food and service are still a big wow but ive never liked the combination of claustrophobic ceilings and  prices .
terrible service our waiter had to be called every time we needed something waiter must have doubled as chef coleslaw must have been sitting for weeks was pure mayo water food was eh wouldnt return needs a major update .
this is my favorite dinner spot in my neighborhood the music is always good the drinks are strong and the food is spectacular the shrimp moqueca is my goto dish ive also been here for brunch and its solid .
food fair no wifi if you ask if they have it they act like they never heard of it .
nice little place friendly staff i was in brazil last year and had great food this place felt very authentic the  de queijo was excellent the feijoada wasnt amazing but it was damn good the caipirinhas were great interested to try their sandwiches next time .
pretty dang gross i had a roast pork dinner special and it was very fatty and also burned in some parts the mashed potatoes with gravy were dry yes dry also the waitress did not offer me dessert which was supposed to be included with the dinner special .
beco is the best .
 average food not terrible though i have eaten in and ordered out a few times and have never been blown away by their food i would skip it unless theres no other option .
brunch is amazing eggs florentine was perfect something about the english muffin they use plus the hollandaise sauce isnt too creamy drink a bloody mary or a papaya mimosa then order the fruit salad while you sip your espresso youre set for the day .
stopped for a quick bite on our way to boston on a friday night efficient service casual atmosphere a pizza is a grease and salt fest poor quality ingredients bad quality .
i have eaten the bauru steak sandwhich here several times and it is amazing staff are very friendly and totally reflect the south american vibe there was live music a 3 hour happy hour  which was pretty darn funky .
we four thought the chicken inedible and eggplant  pizza crust not crisp would never go back yuck i dont understand the praise im sticking with pepe maybe july 6 is a bad day .
everything about this place is amazing the food the drinks and the people .
greasy and salty .
very lovely simple reasonable food in a pleasant  setting i especially recommend the filet the pao de  and the four choices platter its on a quiet street the staff are friendly .
i really dont understand the hype about modern apizza been there a handful of times and underwhelmed with each experience overcooked personally if i am in new haven for pie ill go to pepes modern is the place to go if you like burnt crust .
love love this place the food the drinks the music the energy all fantastic we will visit every chance we get .
decided to try modern on our annual yale visit this year and was totally disappointed the clams casino was ok but the italian bomb was a greasy mess the dough was soaked throughout and floppy going back to grand apizza next year .
have never had something here i didnt like great lattes great pastries   delicious brunch and caipirinhas and badass dinners its even good as take out sooooo brooklyn and quite a scene at brunch nothing fancy and thats the point highly recommend .
one word meh if meh excites you then this is your spot pepes does it so much better its impossible to know where to start crust sauce or toppings save your money and go to a religious experience over a mediocre spot .
this is a small place that packs a punch try the feijoada with shrimp and a   soda .
greasy pizza  and  crust and an oddly condescending waiter combined to make this a  meal it was saved by the company .
pao de queijo is perfect and made to order the  lunch portion left me in a food coma the only negative is the lack of ac on a hot summer day but a shady spot and a breeze made for a pleasant meal anyway .
i honestly dont get the hype over new haven style pizza the ingredients taste cheap the dough is too chewy the sauce weak it taste like an average pizza from any corner store in nyc .
pure pleasure to hang and eat here with friends atmosphere is pretty cool awesome people waiter you coolness in its nutshell .
pretty good pizza not the best though .
love this place i live close by and go all the time they are open all day too so great for lunch the staff is always so nice and  the food is solid and consistent and just a place that im really happy to have close by .
bad bad bad i ordered two large pizzas for takeout both were terrible and tasted like crap will not return or recommend .
passion fruit juice filet mignon makes the perfect brunch friendly staff is a big plus .
slow service just ok pizza frank pepes is much better .
great brunch place in the neighborhood the staff is very friendly and the food is excellent my fave is the feijoada a  stew with bacon rice and some salad yumm the brunch comes with coffee and a drink sometimes they also have live music there .
burnt veggie bomb and eggplant pizzas boring marinara crust not standing up to the toppings huge disappointment and waste of 37 for two pizzas fav pizza places are  in stamford and jordans in  modern doesnt even compete .
love this place for breakfast or brunch can never pass up the feijoada .
i dont understand the hype the pizza was mediocre greasy and inferior to most chain delivery pizza places just save yourself the wait and get delivery from dominos instead bar pizza in new haven is far superior this just seems to be one of those  places .
been here many many times and have gotten most of the food on the menu cheese balls  de  rice and beans granola eggs benedict are to die for cheap tasty and fun .
pizza was soggy with grease and atmosphere was nothing special definately head toward sallys or pepes if in new haven service was much friendlier at modern though .
amazing food my only gripe is the portions are smaller when dining in than taking out the takeout portions seemed also twice the amount lovely atmosphere nice place to sit outside .
so what if this place is less crowded than sallys or pepes id rather wait in line for an hour than watch my toppings even if the topping is only cheese slide off a wet  crust .
authentic brazilian feeling good food and drinks reasonably priced and great people i love this place .
i am sorry but i think that their crust is one step up from tasting like crackers this is not the best pizza in new haven by any stretch of the imagination .
great place great food great caipirinha todo  .
calm down extremely overrated the wings and cheese fries are okay ive had better the sirloin burger was burned and you can taste the char which was not good the waiter was very unpleasant .
fun place and great food .
didnt like everything was overcooked and took forever to arrive burnt hamburger buns turkey burger was crispy outside and soft and mealy inside no salt on fries and wings were just ok .
this place is awesome make sure to order the authentic brazilian food the beers are great as well .
disgusting burger that tasted like  low quality meat terrible service took a long time and mixed up our order cant imagine how this place gets four stars .
honestly this place wasnt what i expected the place is tiny which is fine but the menu seemed quite limited and its cash only the drink menu was good and the  i had was marvelous in fact i had two .
wings are good but very disappointed with the bison burger over cooked taste burnt and the bread was hard it wasnt something that i would order again this is basically a place to go and pig out on wings .
loved the food drinks and service was super friendly one of my new favorite spots in ny .
this place is overrated i had really high hopes for this place but the meat and veggie burgers were a let down the angus was medium cooked but lacked flavor my friends turkey burger was burnt and the service didnt make up for the food .
great friendly people no attitude easy going even when busy eat in pickup or sit at the bar for a drink no  the food perfect favorite dishes moqueca and bauru .
wasnt good sorry but out waited was very nice .
only been for brunch ill party with those steak and eggs all day them beans is good and yeah i want some passion fruit with my morning cachaca .
i dont understand why you would take good  grade ground beef and dip it in a container of hot seasoning and grill it it was so spicy i couldnt enjoy the meat i so wanted to enjoy this and i couldnt go next door to blue ribbon .
i have such an overwhelming love for this place they are lovely people the food is absolutely amazing and consistent and they have a happy hour on sunday afternoons i love them .
totally disappointing whats wrong with everyone if its summer fire up your own grill in the park if its winter go to any real diner .
had the moqueca pao de  strawberry caipirinha eggplant dip flan oink oink all were delicious and ive had a lot of brazilian food also enjoyed the music mix playing and the ambiance para  .
this place blows i was on my way to  and made the mistake of stopping here instead ordered the chopped combo there was barely any meat in the entree and it lacked flavor .
eggs florentine was yummy and the drinks are  cant wait to go back for more .
i give this place a hearty ehhhh my tacos were underwhelming the beans were flavorless and the rice was undercooked the guy behind the counter couldnt have been less interested all in all it had a very fast food feel very disappointing .
mmmmm cheese  .
food was fresh and creative however i found that the flavor  were lacking i love mexican street food and this was a decent attempt at it however it fell short of my expectations in the taste dept .
we came here for dinner and it made me want to die in a  arms honestly everything on the menu is good so follow your fat little heart also please dont skip on the cheese bread because it will make you  what you thought was life .
overrated and overpriced the lack of ac in this sizzling weather was  college kids  here need to learn some  stay away or better yet just head out to a greasy diner  youll get better value for money over there .
went her for brunch good food great and fast service waitresses were friendly and good atmosphere definitely recommended .
ok food but harder to get in than heaven i dont want to compete for food on the weekends and yes i am a local carry on hipsters .
really great service food and awesome bloody marries makes me wish i still lived in brooklyn .
its really just an average breakfast place standard breakfast that is decent but it is nothing to write home about i am confused why people rate it so high your money would be better spent at chefs corner .
spectacular for breakfast .
the owner with the glasses is an asshole he was talking shit about me in lebanese to the server and looking away when i noticed them staring the food is good but service is always lacking wont be back for a third time .
brunch amazing do it i had the omelette perfect my brother had the steak and eggs divine to top it all off the staff including our lovely waitress  were fantastic .
2 00 for a piece of tasteless cardboard only positive point was that it wasnt greasy the man making the pizza has been looking across the street at that empty lot for too many years because his pizza tastes just as empty .
great eggs and benedict .
horrible pizza no taste other reviews must be from friends and family san  and pizza masters are much better .
top 5 fav places in ny i heart you beco .
tried it today expected ny like pizza not nearly the experience people jersey dont know pizza .
good feijoada but not better than casa in the west village get the almond  for dessert good service and friendly bartender .
the delivery was a large lukewarm hawaiian pizza with old pieces of  barely any cheese and a non crispy crust maybe  slices are better but not very good delivery i think ill head out out of town next time for ny style pizza .
ive come here for brunch about three or four times i absolutely love the steak eggs the rice is always perfectly cooked which is extremely important to me the staff is prompt friendly .
i ordered the pasta and meatballs the meatballs were very over herbed sauce was okay i also ordered the cheesecake the crust was hard and difficult to break with a fork all in all it was okay .
delicious real brazilian modern food im brazilian so i can say that courteous staff great music awesome casual vibe go early on weekend afternoons if you bring your child .
so if u get a bug in your drink at this place dont expect 2 get a new drink the waiter will probably just try 2 get the bug out wa straw yuck happen 2 my friend this evening when we went for drinks gross .
small place with outdoor seats for a few with well presented seafood and sandwiches .
i would have given it only one star but the place is so pretty i added the second disappointing pizza decent calamari appetizer bad caprese they used pimento instead of  mediocre food at best wont be back .
i love this place i have been here twice in the past 2 weeks the food  the service is great and the atmosphere is super charming may i recommend the  oh and they have a a great happy hour 5 caipirinha nuff said .
disappointed with the bread and the pizzas i was expecting more after hearing so many good things about it id say the pasta and other meals looked promising .
one sentence review if you love garlic there is no reason why you shouldnt go here .
boy were the portions small at least theyre doing their part to counter  .
beco is a couple blocks from my apartment and has become my goto restaurant it has also become my first date restaurant the atmosphere is great food is great and the servers are very friendly every experience ive had is amazing and i will continue to go back .
the place looks cozy but the crepe i had was not as good as i expected ive had crepes at other places through out nyc that have been much better the customer service was poor .
this place really reminds me of being back in brazil it has a totally laid back vibe and is a great place to get some snacks some drinks and watch some  on the weekends you can check out my full review on poweranimals poweranimals  .
dont go in a group of three only go in twos or fours just got turned away at the door with my group of three by a very rude waitress with no option to wait unfortunate .
perfect friendly place .
the service was horrible we were seated for 10 minutes before the waiter came by with the menu and water they gave us such an attitude when we wanted to share the crepe this place is cash only i will probably not come here again .
great atmosphere amazing ownership and awesome food this place is exactly what this wee neighborhood needed a chill affordable and welcoming spot .
bland steak n eggs flavorless sauce fully over cooked fries chicken and waffles were mediocre at best i  k  if this was a one time deal but overall disappointed with the food .
update get the steak and eggs so delicious .
it only got more expensive but not better compared to its previous  at this location everything the same except for  smaller portion and really expensive booze and louder but worse music next will be broadway  geez .
amazing brunch special entree coffee alcoholic drink 1 free refill i recommend the french toast and the steak and eggs atmosphere really feels like brazil i imagine .
literally the worst dining experience i have ever had in my life the food was god awful and the service was disgraceful our waitress  was argumentative and inept i  you no stars and my god have  on your soul .
i like this place warm and nice crew good and affordable sandwiches and often you can watch football i meant soccer while you drink a brazilian drink and get a good coffee made with  beans not expensive genuine great .
service was fine rice was good but the rest stunk meat was dry and  salad had no spice to it felt like plain cucumber and onion baklava was a step above cardboard plain water had a strange taste to it .
friendly little place in brooklyn that serves great drinks the staff is extremely friendly and the cheese bread is good enough to make you forgive the slow service .
disappointing breakfast sandwich for 6  eggs were real and appear to be made on site they were not hot though so the slice of cheese didnt melt the croissant was sort of cold burger king does a better job with their  .
i love this place try the  de queijo    or go home caldo verde and generous breakfasts are good too make sure and pour their  mixture on everything .
beware if you order a sandwich they charge you 1 for bread and 75 for lettuce and tomato without telling sandwiches are terrible and staff attitude is worst then the dumb  on their charm less faces .
this place is amazing we had the bruschetta as and appetizer and it was very nice the filet mignon sandwich that i had as an entree was phenomenal the meat was very tender and everything paired wonderfully within the sandwich i highly recommend checking this place out .
awful experience really rude  and wet saggy sandwiches they were absolutely not interested in service and were more busy speaking spanish to each other positively they gave me a full refund when i didnt want the wet saggy sandwich .
this place is awesome everything is awesome nothing else to say go here it will not disappoint .
this place is awful i tried the arizona panini turkey cheddar cheese and bacon it tastes like crunchy cardboard fail .
lovely friendly waitress maybe a wee bit overwhelmed on a friday night alone delicious up and down we had the cheeseballs and eggplant app and the filet and the shrimp curry for entrees the prices were great also .
below average food really bad pastrami spongy and old stale bread chicken noodle soup with complete lack of and taste dont waste your time look elsewhere .
this is a cute little unpretentious place with consistent tasting food we had the cheese bread eggplant spread steak sandwich and pasta everything tasted good not amazing but pretty good the almond joy desert was great .
ordered a philly cheese steak it was boiled meat presumably beef certainly not steak no flavor stale bread they sold it as deli fresh and that was the misleading event that  me to write this review .
i think the most intriguing part of beco is that i felt like i was in brazil it was an  warm spring evening the music was amazing  on my caipirinha de  and devoured my moqueca thank you for the trip .
nothing special at all move along folks overpriced and horrible sandwhich they actually charge you extra for the lettuce tomato and cheese almost a dollar each .
delicious atmosphere and drinks nice music .
its actually difficult to make a bad pizza in the northern nj area  somehow manages to do it the sauce is way too sweet and the overall  really misses the mark there are 23 better pizza places just on  road itself avoid this place .
great spot to bring a date or friends food was good service excellent and the cashew caipirinhas well youll just have to try it for yourself .
worst pizza thats ever touched my lips .
best meal ive had in williamsburg yet .
customer service here is terrible and as another poster pointed out they are not a salumeria they are more of an italian deli .
unbelievable neighborhood gem dan the owner is tremendous great guy and neighbor try the whiskey and coconut water delicious the food is stellar dont miss this one .
horrible service tasteless food do not eat here .
hands down the best pizza in town grandma pizza is so good their food is always fresh and delivery is fast .
foods generally good but if you order duck you will be in for a rubbery surprise .
pizza is pretty good but the turkey foccacia is incredible .
slow service but the food is very rich and good .
everything is good please get on grubhub asap thanks .
dont eat here we all got extremely sick after going for dinner my whole group got basic items from the menu like guacamole chicken tacos and chicken quesadillas we all spent the night getting sick in various ways it was awful .
love this place highlights include grandma pizza eggplant pesto slice turkey foccacia and chicken foccacia sandwiches service is good mostly very friendly workers it looks like a little bit of a hole in the wall but it looks like they are working on expanding the space .
i have had great mexican food before but this place doesnt measure up in my opinion .
easily one of the best pizzerias i have ever eaten at when i lived in bayonne i ordered from here on almost a daily basis their foccacia sandwiches are to die for .
terrible service and mediocre food deserves 1 star if it wasnt for the outdoor seating i dont think this place could be in business that is all .
truly the best pizza in bayonne although joes is a close 2nd the grandma pie is the  imo the 3 best in bayonne are pizza masters joes and mona lisa for their mona lisa special pie .
horrible food the lamb was cold and greasy tables and chairs were grimy i was sick on my way back dont eat here .
love the pizza and their garlic knots just placed my usual friday evening order and cant wait until it gets here theyve got fast delivery and great prices what more could you ask for .
what you have here is your typical ethiopian restaurant during off hours limited menu and none  customer service if you do decide to visit this establishment try it during pick hours .
i have been ordering for a few months since a friend turned me on to pizza masters i am happy all the time i especially like the fact that when they say a half an hour for delivery they mean it .
was there once with a friend interesting food everything seemed to have a fair amount of spice even stuff they said was mild yet waiter was helpful as we have never had that sort of food before .
food is great best pizza in town the gravy is just the best but come on its time for an upgrade clean up its 2014 not  .
food is just ok nothing great about this place service sucks if you are not regulars .
you have to try the grandmas pizza amazing also love the chicken shells and broccoli the lunch portion size is huge its like a dinner alone .
refrigerated grilled chicken wrap came with a  side of nacho chips sans salsa meat was as tender as a  never again .
the 5 star rating is for their foccacia sandwich roast beef or portobello dont order the chicken or the turkey youre boring pretty much any thing here made with dough is above par .
offered to help the owner ran as fast as i could .
the pizza is great i am from brooklyn and i come to bayonne for pizza the staff is cool and helpful the grandmas pizza is great also i have not tried the food here but i will when they finally open the restaurant next door ciao .
nice atmosphere awful service hot water cold bread the steak was overpriced for the quality that was served didnt see a refill on fountain drinks until after the meal was finished despite 3 previous attempts to request them wont see us back here .
great takeout italian restaurant awesome fresh pizza and the best grandma pie period extensive menu cheap prices and delicious italian hot sandwiches try the  turkey or roast beef tasty and huge portions .
thats 30 im not getting back i went with a group of 5 and we all ordered pasta dishes that were tasteless and unremarkable save your money and go elsewhere .
good pizza get the grandma slice nice job .
ok service was good food overall ok .
my go to place for delivery best overall restaurant in bayonne .
dont go in for espresso they are only interested in making the big bucks off of you i went in twice and they refused me for espresso  means pay you must remember you are paying for the  .
this place  great the pizza is excellent .
not good it taste like regular chinese food disappointed because i expected something unique .
closest to new york style pizza in bayonne weve tried several pizza spots in jersey and pizza masters is the closest that comes to new york pizza i love cheesy slices so i usually get the extra cheese their buffalo chicken slices are also delicious .
meh we had high expectations after reading the reviews but the food was like watered down thai food the momos were good but in a standard way nothing out of the ordinary everything else was bland and boring .
i grew up in brooklyn where nearly every pizzeria is great and moved to jersey in the mid  the pizza in hoboken and jersey city is terrible but bayonne pizza is light years better and pizza masters may be the best of them try the grandma slice .
chilli  was very good avocado salad was decent i love avocado so that  the dish but i wouldnt come back for this chicken curry dish was inedible since the chicken was so tough the sha  was bland cheap but i wouldnt come back .
the best the sauce yummy pasta dishes r great families favorite 4 over 10 years .
cafe  and i are like charges therefore we  each other and should stay far far away from each other .
this review is based on  purchases by my family pizza is as good as it gets compared to almost anywhere except nyc stick with the pizza pasta dishes and chicken parmesan and you cant go wrong .
definitely going down hill  used to be okay but pricey lately especially with their  menu theyre both overpriced and subpar in quality their specialties greek cuisine the wings come out seemingly  and somewhat blah the  was dry the vodka rigatoni just fine .
there are so many pizza choices in the area but pizza masters is my top choice i love their margherita pizza their pizzas are extremely tasty and cooked well .
the food is fine but the take out service has been a misery they are very disorganized and very late with the food not worth the trouble .
i can only speak about the pizza and its quite good i love love love the eggplant pizza one day ill try all the other pasta dishes but with the pizza calling my name its hard to try anything else .
awful service left before even being seated there was no one there why did it turn into a 25 minute wait .
excellent better than the jersey city location .
conveniently located in a park and near the train station and the prices are good but their ice cream was soso and my friends freshly squeezed oj was sour .
this place is exactly what you want in  authentic korean reasonable prices minimal wait 15 bucks for classic  just what we wanted on a frosty january morning .
awesome pizzas however terrible at delivery i dont know if they dont have the staff the kitchen or if they are just disorganized but id recommend avoiding them unless you want to consistently wait 34 hours for a stone cold pizza .
one of the best in korean town service is actually quite good at least among korean town restaurants .
sure its tasty but not incredible definitely not worth the two hour delivery wait it arrived an hour later than scheduled and both pizzas were cold there was barely any basil on the margarita so disappointing going with  next time .
went with a bunch of asian friends who ordered the works for our group of 6 food was excellent better than most of the other places in ktown they also have a really reasonable lunch  .
food is decent but the service is terrible the waiter was rude and rolled his eyes at us constantly later they said they couldnt split a check and put all of the work on the customer i would never recommend this place to anyone .
great spot for korean food they are fast and delicious get their seafood tofu soup and their number 6 which is their bibimbap which also comes with soup their side dishes are also great .
the pizza was good i got the  only problem was it wasnt worth 18 50 for a 10 inch thin crust pizza that amounts to about 2 slices of a normal size pizza overpriced .
best seafood tofu ever .
we ordered the  and the pasta was undercooked and very salty we also ordered the  pie and that was salty as well oh and there bathrooms are disgusting .
always generous portion quite fresh and not as pricey as a few comparable restaurants on the same block .
was the pizza good sure was it worth waiting an hour and  minutes for no the music was too loud and the staff was lukewarm overall not worth the time and effort .
i love this place great dinner or lunch spot  is  and good 247 service is on point kalbi is pretty good as well one love t .
thought overpriced and not that great .
this bcd chain is like the other ones found in southern california they serve good quality soondubu theres nothing that makes the east coast branch any different the interior is really nice two stories and wooden floors and walls you will definitely leave full .
this place has no respect for costumers we were waiting for 3 hours when plenty of tables were available in side employees were taking more than 20 minutes to fill tables while many costumers were waiting for several hours .
very yummy for soft tofu in a tasty bubbling hot broth delivered to your table also recommend the barbecued pork loin plenty of side dishes  a great meal when its cold outside .
they should just rename all their pizzas to stomach cancer every pizza was not charred but straight up burnt i dont understand what all the hype is but then again accepting something as being cool and not knowing why is what being a hipster is all about .
the seafood tofu is amazing the food came in a short period of time esp for a busy resturant the service was very organized but my waitress wasnt very helpful .
food is good but the wait staff and the overall abundance of the place rude and overrated your literally seated on top of other customers and the prices are insanely priced no happy hour btw .
no matter how others will recommend other tofu houses in the ktown i have to say this i just love this place from the appetizers the little yellow fish is awesome rice cake is delicious as always tofu pots seafood or beef .
over a year ago now but it was terrible pizza came burnt the first time and raw the second time not edible either time giving it 2 stars in the hopes that it got better by now .
super yum soondubu stew you will leave satisfied good for groups and sharing food went on a thursday night gets busy but wait is not bad .
hi heres your  pizza with a burnt bubble  that is  on more than half the pizza everyone who eats here thinks that this is perfectly acceptable because bushwick thatll be 20 please .
this is a really nice restaurant that makes really great food had the jap chae and it was so flavorful and savory i didnt think that id like tofu but their version was really good and i really liked it id definitely come back here .
for the price and the amount of time you will have to wait to get in let alone get food its really just not worth it this is just another example of a fad restaurant but im afraid the fad is  i give them a year .
fast nice yummy  you get your soondubu at bcd i love spicy food and when i say i want spicy i am asking for spicy bcd can deliver that to you if you want to blow the roof ask to get your tofu  .
overpriced food that isnt worth the wait the lunch deals are a good bargain but without the 2 hour wait you might find the food to be shockingly average .
open 24hrs awesome and dangerous awesome lunch special that comes with 12 apps first a whole fish rice kimchi for 14 i had the seafood soup friends had beef soup yummy beef and mushroom soup fast service great for groups huge seating areas 3 floors .
over 2 hours for a delivery on a sunday night in late february the delivery dude was nice the service on the phone was not repeat over 2 hours for delivery on a sunday night in late february .
good value but suggest going off peak hours otherwise be prepare for long waiting  .
why cant you choose 0 stars this place is trying so hard full of burnt pizza and a staff of  dont waste your time .
one word soondubu best banchan free small korean side dishes fried fish is the best you get the fish only if you order a soondubu recommend the seafood pancake as well open 247 depending on when you go there could be a wait as bcd is quite popular .
meh slow and overpriced good pizza but not great spicy bloody mary great music would definitely not wait more than 15minutes for a table .
probably the best soondubu in the city never had anything else other than their soondubu so review is purely based on my tofu experience .
do not see what all the hype is about my friends and i waited literally two hours for a table and the food was pretty expensive and not that good .
when i dont know where to go or being too picky to go to any restaurant but still want something relatively fast bcd is the one .
robertas charged me 4 to add kale to the  pizza which they burnt market price for kale  cents per lb .
very delicious nothing to complain maybe there are too much tofu in the tofu soup .
pizza has been good in the past but they just decided to stop delivering to me after coming here a half dozen times in the past been there many more times for dinner but ill never go back .
just visited empire state building just found this place great value nice place to enjoy a real korean food .
having great product doesnt excuse hiring almost exclusively   servers unless youre a drug dealer i guess i got amazing amazing service at the local  though no joke service with a smile  security   if avoidable never setting foot in this restaurant again .
go for the kim chee tofu soup .
i got the margarita for 8 sauce is very sweet and tastes like something generic from a can service pretty terrible very cute inside ill prolly try it again sometime bc its so close to my house but overall its a poor mans frannys .
always go there for mixed soondubu and la galbi also love their clam soup best tofu soup in ktown .
terrible service for groups they forgot my meal and  it after everyone finished and we still had to wait to pay our check 2 hour lunch for 10 people the  sandwhich still sucked after waiting and being hungry .
a wide selection of well made standards kalbi is prepared in the kitchen so no cooking  on the clothes be prepared to wait for a table its very popular .
bartender short hair one is a  if they dont know you he will treat u like crap   should have never moved there .
so good even at  the seafood tofu soup actually comes with seafood i wouldnt recommend the  though a little on the sweet side unless thats how its suppose to taste correct me if im wrong .
meh just a standard irish pub for tourists nothing special move along nothing to see here .
best tofu soup place ever like the appetizers especially the fired fish tofu soup is a must order each time .
food was okay but lunch service  luckily we had time before our train so didnt mind as much but still some of the worst daytime service weve had in nyc .
back when i still lived in los angeles i always drove to bcd with friends their soup and meet combos are all tasty so when the new york one reopened i was extremely happy its definitely one of my fav always have seafood soon  .
if you are looking for some south philly italian food this place is not too bad but if you are in the mood for real italian food stay away from this place .
love their vegetable soondubu very appetizing and healthy by the way the grilled fish they served as an appetizer is great too .
terrible undercooked doughy and flavorless if only i could give 0 stars .
i love the tofu stew with beef japchae is served with fried tofu very delicious and quite a large bowl cold raw crab is unique worth a try but is  spicy .
food good veal parm great prices high they charge extra for take out  of others dont enough said .
so yummy soooooo  i ordered the shrimp shumai kimchi tofu soup hot and the pancakes service could be better and the hostesses could be friendlier but food is delicious .
only ok got home delivery so maybe that was part of it salad only average greens were cut with hard  left in pasta was average there are better options including on south street core de  is better .
you can never go wrong with bcd tofu house consistent quality food and service whether its in the afternoon or 2am love the seafood tofu soup and the little fish side dish .
i wanted to like this place so much after waiting in the rain with this hype i was quite dissappointed food was okay omlette pancakes potatoes were too salty sausage was no different from those hotel breakfast buffets server was a bit rude perhaps nyc has spoiled me .
i definitely love this restaurant they have the most traditional korean food you got to try the tofu soup it is amazing lunch time in business day you can have lunch combo as tofu soup with bbq i ordered the first combo in the menu best ever .
uncomfortably crowded and i find the food to be sort of blah its fine but not my favorite brunch place in new haven by far come to westville for better brunches i say the pancake portions are huge but really do any of us need that .
only tried the kimchi soondubu but was really good .
i really dont understand the hype surrounding this place the wait is usually long service is rushed and the food is overpriced youd get much better food and service at a diner and for half the price .
i hail from la and have been to many of the  there this is just another typical korean tofu location the spicy pork dishes are pretty good as well the wait can be a little long on certain days though .
i hate to give it 2 stars but the service was just simply terrible i have to ask 3 different waitress for coffee another 2 for water and waited 20 mins to get a cup of water and coffee food is great the service not so much .
my korean food experience  consists of places in manhattan so perhaps i am missing out on some great places but bcd is my favorite spot on  st for sure of course the tofu soup is what you must get and its great .
waited 30 mins outside the door there are two adjacent 2 seats table which can be combined together instead of doing that they let the 2 people behind us to jump the line and leave two 2 seats table empty unfair and stupid .
the food was great loved my spicy bbq chicken didnt take long to be seated or served open 24 hours .
the pancakes were average great french toast loved the portions of fruit but i was so disappointed by my over cooked eggs on my eggs florentine i also enjoyed the hash browns those were amazing great price and fast service .
get a reservation we went friday night without getting one big mistake the soft tofu with beef was really good the space was casual and noisy but i didnt mind since i was going with a friend .
i have had better pancakes and eggs benedict in the diner ihop and chips i dont know what the hype is all about the pancakes had no taste wont be going here again .
the soy bean tofu soup is excellent they also refill the side dishes they dont take reservation go in around 6pm would have a higher chance of a table .
rude unprofessional and amateur service we gave too many chances thinking it was just a rough start to new opening but the service is still horrible and the taste is inconsistent .
we ordered 4 dishes for 3 people and everything was so good all the side dishes are very good as well we left the restaurant very happy .
restaurant impossible needs to stop here someone needs to tell them that good food doesnt come from a can or box but from scratch nice owners and friendly staff but they dont make up for the horrible food .
i lover korean so i love this place plus the side dishes are good the  bone soup are always the same comparing to similar stores nothing too special but if you are looking for some decent korean food this is a good place to go .
the tacos are ok but the guy who runs it is a  jerk .
good food service and decor the korean bbq was great and good late night specials the side dishes were tasty and i really liked the small appetizer fish i was able to enjoy the food and i wasnt rushed like at  i recommend .
italian grandmothers are turning over in their  in shame due to the almost impossibly bad food served by this make believe italian restaurant makes most airline food shine in comparison .
i love the oyster soon tofu usually go here when the night waiters manager and korean foods are so nice at night u should go when u feel hungry after drinking i love that place .
place is ok .
yummy korean food thats open when you want it to be and fast service the fried dumplings were delicious as was really everything else go and enjoy .
worst experience i ever had there is  good in food and service i rather drive little further to go to better places in edison .
the portions are really big and incredibly yummy you can never go wrong with their  or bibimbap the waiters were attentive and all in all everyone had a great time .
just no nothing good can come of this customer service sucks food is lackluster decor is lack luster better can be found in central nj only thing ill eat here chicken cheese  and thats about it .
yelp  challenge 2014  soothing to any soul after midnight in ny the dishes that brought us back to our roots   soon tofu kimchi soon tofu    i heart you bcd tofu house .
walked in to an empty restaurant 20 minute wait time server was rude and mentioned tables were reserved ended up leaving save your time .
the service is hit or miss just like my korean speaking skills but the food is delicious and keeps me going back the spicy pork bbq and seafood and beef mixed tofu soup are two of my favorites but you cant really go wrong with anything here .
good is mediocre at best been there three times but wont go again waste of time and money .
best tofu ever .
what a disappointment we had to wait an hour and a half after we got seated for our meal and when it finally came im sure that  food taste so much better than that the place is nice but i would never eat there again .
flavor has always been awesome the only drawback is the they only seat your group when everybody is here .
stay away from this place its a very popular spot but service is poor and food is not good how can u miss with benedict eggs on a sunday brunch its doesnt worth the wait .
this is my korean restaurant go to love their stone pot rice and their soft tofu soup so much food that i always have to take leftovers home .
there was nothing special about this place it was more promising from the outside then what it delivered on mediocre boring food average service level at best life is too precious to waste 2 hours here the place need a creative forward thinking menu and chef improved ingredients .
id love to eat here the taste is just right not too salty and sweet but for some reason i find the service and food a lot  than at fort lee nj .
weve been waiting an hour for our entree no matter how good the food ends up being i cant recommend this place .
the best soontofu in nyc seriously the best .
horrible horrible service very unclean but food is decent they mixed up our bill and our order the grilled chicken skewer salad was very good while everything else was mediocre bathroom looked worse than one at grand central .
awesome food as always service can get a bit scarce depending on where you sit or how busy they are large space though and good for groups be prepared to wait a long time at dinner time .
overpriced and food was just soso i probably wont go back .
lunch special monday to friday marinated pork with seafood tofu soup combination is awesome .
 staff unremarkable food tight tables was very disappointed seems to me like people might come here for the patio tradition and convenience and let the quality of the food slide .
first time been here since they renovated food is still so good .
this was a soso brunch the farmers egg white omelette was fine but not overly impressive the service was quick and pleasant i guess from everything i read about this place i expected better .
met my sister here for  last week this is one of our go to places when were craving korean food i always get the mandoo soondubu the food is always reliable here and really yummy .
the food quality is about the same as a diner .
the regular spicy beef tofu soup was as great as ever the kalbi in this location was a better quality and taste than ive had it in la the fried gyoza was just ok be prepared to wait on a weekend night .
nothing special here came here for a saturday brunch aka you get cheated out of the complementary drinks worst eggs benedict i have had in a while drenched in hollandaise sauce yes there is such a thing as too much butter .
combo  spicy pork and tofu soup .
marginal ravioli good spaghetti n great meatballs breads ok caesar was wellprepared service was slow to lacking wont be back for 110  one could do better party of 3 id rather spend twice as much at a good steakhouse at least the value would be there .
hands down one of the best tofu soups ive ever had you even get a whole fish as a part of the side dishes .
second time here for dinner in six months no complaints at all about the food the service however really hurt the overall experience by nyc standards seemed very understaffed .
pretty good soontofu  not too much memory about this place though must go back to try more dishes this is one of those chain restaurants but quality is good for a chain .
we  here on a saturday the place was packed but i was underwhelmed linen tablecloths  from the glorified diner food no complaints about the service but im sure theres a better meal to be found if you venture off the beaten path .
they have a fish in the free appetizers and the environment is better than many korean restaurants on the street .
we dont live in the area and didnt know where to go our friends have a baby so it worked well for them service was ho hum and the food was pretty ordinary wouldnt rush back .
bcd ugh so good favorite dishes include beef soondubu and fried  dubu it will be very difficult to be disappointed with their food .
overrated i had the calamari as appetizer and they were nothing special then i ordered their evening special seafood linguine they were flavorless considering what they charge it was a full disappointed i have no reason to go back .
good food good service relative to other korean places i had low expectations for service in korean restaurants but this one is actually ok .
awful bad flavorless food .
been a fan of this place since it opened in ktown best place for tofu soup food is great service is good the ambience of the place is great as well thumbs up .
seriously terrible overbooked burgers wet and warm salad that should have clearly been served cold dirty space its really gone downhill .
good place to come before heading home gave soo much food lots of la ribs compared to other beef restaurants .
pass foods really average went for brunch here today ordered the  benedict and it arrived in 30 seconds the dressing on the side for my friends salad took longer it tasted like it had been prepared beforehand this place is nothing to write home about .
bcd is the spot extra spicy tofu soup and complimentary battered fish is delicious i cant say anymore .
im kind of whatever about this place its not terrible but its definitely not memorable very mediocre definitely not my first choice there are better restaurants in the area ive only been for brunch so who knows maybe lunchdinner is better .
as im thinking back on my experience here i must summarize my experience here as damn this is some good ss korean food soondubu good beef short ribs good homemade kimchi good .
promised us we can stay for 4 hours but forced us to leave when theres still 1 hour .
kimchi soondubu the only thing i order every time when i visit here i am sure other dishes are delicious as well i just cant get away from kimchi .
all i have to say is  is better better food better karaoke better crowd and more attractive staff its right up the street too .
i love their fresh appetizers especially the fish and the mixed seafood tofu soup the incredible amount of food is really satisfying on a cold winter day ps the lunch special including tips is a mere 13 best quality deal you could find seriously .
sorry but this place is awful not enough food for the price the food was horrible too so many better places to spend my money in the city i even went here with a groupon and it still wasnt worth the price .
went again last night with a friend arrived at  and waited about 30mins i ordered kimchi tofu soup this time and its much better than the mushroom one imo still love the little fried fish .
atmosphere was pretty nice service was ok food was sub par two things that stuck out the most were the beer glasses were not cold and one of the  i ordered was still a bit frozen on the bottom spicy toro why .
probably the best kimchi side i have ever had huge portions of  excellent service and other side dishes limited menu but high in quality one of us knew a server there and we were given free soju  good and semi sparkling will come back .
food is ok considering the price now their  machines what the f is that .
perfect one dish meal for anytime but especially for this kinda weather like the way they serve banchan and fried fish before main dish soondoobu was better than i expected fast serve decent side dishes awesome soondoobu soup and galbi reasonable price .
the only bar where ive developed  the  so  that when i got outside i thought i just  an  if you like sushi out of a can and are a  youll love it .
everything is awesome not being able to get seated at dinner hour annoying waiting annoying eating tofu good times well worth the wait seafood pancake better then most good eats happy  .
love the place and the staff just being a frequent customer the prices keep going up and up .
one of the best korean restaurant i have ever tried very tasty tofu soup .
way too crowded way too expensive not worth the wait .
wow the servers were really on top of their game they were there in 2 seconds when i broke a raw egg on the table instead of in my soondubu because i thought it was a hard boiled egg it was really delicious egg  aside .
fairly nice but way overpriced .
amazing place for tofu soup a definite place to visit if you come to nyc my girlfriend and i love this place .
not worth the money the spider roll which included 4 pieces was 10 making each piece 2 50 ridiculous .
tofu soup always thumbs up bim bim bon whatever thumbs down .
ehhh not horrible but who brings one of your appetizer after on of your mains the poutine here would make a french canadian cry a couple curds and a tablespoon of gravy .
this place is bangin start the meal w nice banchan a small fried fish very flavorful mushroom soon dubu even though there was no egg great soft tofu cant wait to come back .
i live across the street completely disrespectful neighborhood business on weekend nights loud music no crowd  from the establishment till  sometimes .
im a huge fan of soondubu bcd was clean spacious we got seated after a short wait for dinner on a saturday night i ordered the  soondubu and it was perfect for the chilly day service was good too .
ordered delivery from this place tiny portions very salty and very pricey but the portions man i mean tiny maybe i wouldve had a better experience had i actually gone there .
considering that i am not really a tofu person this is the highest ranking i can ever give really love the way they serve rice especially with tea remember to throw the raw egg in real quick otherwise it can never be fully cooked .
get an answering machine that says when youre closed instead of making people drive in horrible weather .
 is just ok cant compare with another korean restaurant ive been to but the  bi is so great you must try it .
steven r if you like the chili go to father son in   gets his chili there the dogs at father son are bigger and prepared on a griddle .
you just cant go wrong here the soondubu is incredible i dream about this place .
this place is quite overrated bad service and had very rude staff pretentious  stay away go to barbuto instead .
the best soondubu in us and their  rice that comes with the meal is out of this world highly recommended .
the foie gras ravioli was good the spaghetti was not nearly as good as the first time i had it the goat was very tough and dry the short rib has good flavor but too salty dont think i would recommend this restaurant anymore .
stumbled upon this place one night while walking east from penn station as a vegetarian they had me at tofu house the curry is delicious and the complimentary fried fish is a nice touch .
average food is not great .
soondobu galbi combo delicious and way too much food share this with someone i  did not have the foresight and felt guilty the rest of the day nice decor and open space im a fan and ill be back soon very soon very very soon .
the waiters wear obnoxious apron man  .
soft tofu quick service i mean quick you get the appetizers right after you order and within five minutes you get your entree the kimchi tofu soup with beef really hit the spot great service .
hostess was so mean my parents were visiting from tokyo and we had a reso but we were so put off by the attitude of the hostess that we decided not to bother going in .
my favorite soondubu  this was my first time at the new location and its a lot bigger than the old space two stories for one thing i usually get the assorted soondubu beef shrimp clam and its so freakin good their service is really efficient as well .
was here last night and had very bad food poisoning i would not recommend going here avoid this place at all costs very overrated .
love their tofu hot pot and bbq ribs .
really disappointing this is not what i expected of the best spaghetti it tasted like an acidic chef boyardee just with thicker noodles that reminded me of chinese food .
really great lunch deal the side dishes get refilled very quickly here dont even need to ask the tofu is the highlight and it does not disappoint new location two floors very nice staff .
not very good food everything i ordered was tasteless the delivery was on time but that was the only good thing wont be eating here again .
best tofu soup my favorite is  combination service is also very friendly cant wait to go back .
two stars because the food was decent almost shocking how terrible the service was will not be coming here again what a disappointment .
great korean food lots of plate .
the duck was dry and tasted like fried salty cardboard their eggplant and panfried noodles were okay the overall experience needs work and has a lot of potential .
delicious service was so helpful hard to understand but they tried so hard recommendations were splendid food was to die for .
it has been an hour and a half since i ordered and no food when i called i was told it wasnt their fault because they were busy unacceptable .
deliciousness wrapped up in spice .
awful delivery service nasty arrogant rude maybe the foods okay but these people dont have their act together when it comes to delivery service .
pretty good hot is perfectly spicy the kim chi is ok the wait was not too bad and the atmosphere pretty  do not bring a date it can be a little loud .
worst egg and cheese bagel ever egg was so spongy it tasted really fake place looks really nice though has nice coffee station .
o m g this place has gotten much better than it used to be the decor is pretty trendy it has plenty of seating and the food just seems better quality now the kalbi especially was very flavorful and tender this may be my new favorite ktown spot .
sorry but the place smells of moldy carpet the food was just passable the tom gai ka soup was good but the pad thai had too much sauce and the shrimp were not fresh i have a bit of a stomach ache and i just left .
mandoo soondubu beef soondubu  of la days same  kitchen noise servers carrying hot pots of bubbling spicy soup same flavors with a ny premium .
i just ordered some food for delivery from here  com good service gave me a free coke with my order however the food was just okay rice pot or bangkok garden are better .
tofu soups are real good but if you are in the mood for korean bbq then definitly get the galbi its the best in ktown also a bit cheaper compare to the other places .
i love thai food i hated this it was just greasy fried sugary and just well gummy none of which i associate with thai food .
one of my favorite korean restaurant in k town tofu pot and ribs are so good we tried pancake tonight and it was awesome as well give a shot .
greasy lunch buffet havent been back .
they are back and just as good a little more spacious and less crowded with an elevated back area and a second floor the food is just as good .
wonderful flavors but so salty too bad we might come back i did let a staff member know about the excess of salt hopefully they address it .
finally reopened after 4 month i am a bit disappointed about the fish they serve before the meal it was left in the deep fryer for way too long i wasnt even eatable hopefully itll be better next time .
poor service the hostess was not helpful at all food was decent but portions are a bit to small even for tapas the crowd is a little weird good wines tho .
good price tasty tofu good beef .
some of my favorite restaurants in both ny and la are mario batalis this is not one of them the service was rather cold octopus over fennel and grapefruit razor clams skirt steak rabbit with kimchi razor clams was by far the best dish and the little olives .
this place located in the food court has bar none the best salads downtown   spring mix nuts grilled shrimp or chicken the usual deal pizza is also delicious and they usually have special antipasto salads and entrees .
we came here for restaurant week lunch and the service was painfully slow the food was good but the portions were teeny tiny the dining room was very cramped making us even more anxious with the slow service .
tried them for the first time at love park very good hot dog i had the san jose which is a bacon wrapped dog with bbq sauce onions and cheddar cheese very crunchy and delicious ill be back .
small plates small food small restaurant big hopes big disappointment big check .
awesome hotdogs i loved the chicago an all beef hotdog served with mustard relish peppers tomatoes etc plus the dapper dog himself is a member of the  sababa .
disappointing batali restaurant didnt particularly love anything everything was just okay for the price  for two cost 160 not a good value service was also bad rushed unfriendly and not helpful .
a big messy delicious hot yummy crazy hot dog truck just what the  ordered for a cold winters day dapper dog ill follow you to the ends of the block .
the combination of the  bad attitude back to  school you go with the unbelievably long wait really put me off of this place for good the food and wine was solid but one can say that about a number of manhattan tapas joints no .
i have yet to have anything that was not fantastic the mexican a bacon wrapped hotdog enough said with sour cream pico and  amazing .
i prefer the calamari most pork belly was too dry and over cooked .
great selection and theyre here for you after you stumble out onto 2nd street drunk as a  i may not have ever eaten at the dapper dog sober but who cares theyre great the guys that run the cart are pretty cute too .
maybe the food and wine is good but it was so pretentious i couldnt stand to stay and find out .
after a long night out the dapper dog is quite possibly the greatest thing since sliced bread cant remember what i had last time i was here but thats not a  of the food but rather a testament to my night out .
good food tappas style restaurant too expensive for my  eat  you go .
i love me some dapper dog goodness the menu selections are great and i cant wait to order a whatever i want on a roll sandwich for 5 .
looks really nice  the windows and when you first walk in then you realize the tables are incredibly uncomfortable then you realize you ordered an unfiltered wine that is supposed to be that way finally you realize the food is way too rich and overdone .
fantastic fresh spices great flavors  prepared and not too spicy well definitely be back .
space is too cramped service was inattentive and the food is entirely average the rice bomba was so fishy and the monkfish was dry and overcooked i liked the butternut squash croquettes and the really loved the duck egg but everything else was either bad or average .
it is actually pretty good not sure why it is always empty but they have a great selection of dosas nice service and reasonable prices we go there often as it is close to home nice experience overall .
original review 5 stars kool spot best to go off peak not traditional tapas theres a wine bar next door if you have to wait new review dont bite the hand that feeds you stupid mario uno star .
excellent variety full of flavor went there as a family ordered different dosas  spicy    were stand  sambhar was perfect heaven for vegetarians very good service too will go there again .
would of i come here if it was not a batali restaurant no dont get me wrong everything was ok it was good nothing was great and everything was overpriced the experience was good but i do not think i will be going back .
fabulous south indian buffet clean cutlery and fresh food comes with freshly made  and dosas wish we had this in my city  .
the service sucks the food is mediocre the decor is drab the open kitchen is dingy youre in new york you can do much better .
what a gem of a restaurant food is always good and fresh one of the best  i have had in nj there is a large variety of dosas and chutneys service is very friendly this place is unpretentious and homely .
greasy fried onion famous sauce is ok burnt ends are mediocre i had two bites of the ribs one bite of the baby back and one of the st louis thats it i immediately asked for the bill the ribs were tough and drowned in an unappetizing sauce .
excellent lunch buffet for veg period nice dosas at reasonable price keep up the good work folks .
got the combo platter and it was awful very pricey as well ive also eaten at the  location and was equally as underwhelmed this place gives northeast bbq a bad name .
great sambar and a wide selection of dosas we even happened to try out the weekend lunch buffet which was deeeelicious .
not great bbq but fairly priced .
i only ordered a single  but i thought it was flavorful and tasty three chutneys and a nice  dipping sauce were great compliments also i wouldnt say there are a ton of vegetarian restaurants in east windsor so that should be taken into account .
one star because i couldnt do zero if you havent eaten before you get here wait until you get to where you are going this is airport food at its worst .
unreal happy hour cheap drafts half price apps just watch out for the cops the west hartford cops are real  around here because they feel this happy hour somehow  the west hartford center vibe of pretentiousness cool place check it out .
absolute garbage rude slow service and a well done burger ordered medium rare was also ice cold steer clear .
this has been the most amazing experiences the food atmosphere decor were beyond outstanding .
terrible burnt coffee rock hard inedible english muffin soggy toast and cold scrambled eggs shame on them for serving this food to people who dont have many other options in the airport .
the atmosphere is  the food delicious and the drinks superb the lounge have real fruit juice in them my daughter is vegan and they had some very good choices for her not just salad you wont be disappointed .
go there only if your flight is more than an hour later since the service is tooo slow or shall i say they are understaffed had a garden salad which i really liked but the lemonade supposedly made from real fruit juice was a total disappointment .
seated within 15 minutes on a saturday night right as the bartender gave us our drinks crab cakes  salmon and grand hells kitchen lounge the chicken was one of the best ive ever had mashed potatoes were perfect .
good service however cheeseburger was so so i had starving a for burger and im disappointed with this place anyway their waitresses were highly attentive .
me and the gf went there nice spot had the wings for happy they were very tasty will have to go back and try more of the food .
horribly slow service at an airport when youre usually pressed for time stood at the front being ignored by the hostess for 5 min if i had a better option i would have gone elsewhere .
the wings here are amazing the fries are crack too excellent bar food the drinks are delicious too it has become my go to spot the music can be really loud on fridays because of the dj but regardless it is a great vibe i love it here .
very average overpriced no sides 17 for some chicken on a plate this place could be so much better next time ill go to  bbq down the street .
ive been going for years and its always a good time good food good drinks awesome staff .
no fries or sides for a basic pulled pork sandwich 13 on a store bought potato roll good drinks basic bbq for way to much money step it up a bit guys maybe throw your customers a piece of cornbread weak will not return .
i love coming here they have the best nachos drinks are great and really every dish i order is good i miss their veggie burger .
food was like a mac but price like a 5star restaurant i will never go back .
good food good drinks and awesome bartenders always a good time to be had especially if you get a chance to check out their free thursday night burlesque show .
cool atmosphere food was very average i had the bbq chicken with cole slaw both were pretty flavorless for a bbq place .
roof top deck is sooo dope two for one drinks during happy hour loads of hot ladies this is the place to be .
the food is foul if you want real bbq go to the khyber pass pub in old city please .
great draft beer selection and even better atmosphere one of the better bars in newark to go to .
meh it was ok lousy chicken bbq nice decor worth  decent service if you like the dallas  because the bartender is .
love the outdoor seating and the ambiance inside service is good great live bands and fun theme nights drinks are great but food is just okay its slowly become a regular goto spot definitely stop in for a drink if youre in the area .
i was less than impressed with this place the food was just ok very smoky flavor that was overwhelming and ruined chicken i would not recommend this place .
its by far the best bar in the ironbound the music is good specially on  the food is really good and well priced and the crowed it great its a great local bar and by far my favorite place .
the ribs were stiff and certainly didnt fall off the bone the sauces are good but really over rated and dont recommend for good bbq .
great wings all the time and friendly staff .
new york prices with out the flare or quality find somewhere else to spend your money .
went yesterday for nfl  and caught their  night burlesque show  beer and football did i just hit the  had a great time will be back again .
good food really really rude bartender dont come if you dont feel like being treated like an annoyance .
great spot will definitely come back .
food is great but no table service the bartender is extremely rude and treated myself and our table like dirt i would not come here again despite the food being very good .
a great place to grab a beer or 5 before a devils game the food is good but nothing spectacular staff is always nice and attentive however i doubt i would ever come here just to hang out if i wasnt going to a game .
sandwiches were terrible dry and tasteless the server was extremely rude .
this time went on a friday night to watch the devils in the  everyone had a good time and even with the crowd our food and drinks came quickly and were delicious as always love this place .
the burgers were creative in a gimmicky way the servers were all too busy being pretentious hipsters to help their customers overrated and overpriced .
great place to grab beers and some good bar food only down side is the out of  pack the place on devils games but its good for the city and the bar owners so a winwin worth checking out very out of the norm .
terrible service rude staff wont be coming back the adult milkshake was decent but the wait was not worth it in short i wont be returning .
posters of   girls on bright red walls very nice huge variety of things going on here from one night to the next really exciting place cheap drinks pricey food really fun atmosphere though .
went on a saturday night atmosphere was oddly hood they were playing the movie  for a dream on the tvs bad vibes all around .
ran out of beer during super bowl sunday due to a busy weekend and small  area waitress always checking on us and was extremely friendly which was good the music selection playing was great didnt try the food but expresso was good .
went to this place to see what the fuss was about there was a roach on my food and the waiter was rude and made it difficult to return the dish waiter posted my receipt on the internet i wish i could give 0 stars but not possible .
great superbowl experience only reason for the for stars is that it was a bit pricey for bar food but id go back again to chill and watch a game .
this is the first time i was charged a 2 to go fee and to add to that the food and the service isnt even good .
a great out of the ordinary bar the mixed drinks are awesome and i enjoy going but it does get pricey .
crappy service poor unprofessional management mediocre food .
i like going to this place and hangout for a few drinks before club scene friendly staff and never scene any problems there with other patrons .
this place is terrible management and staff are  of their customers plus it isnt hard to make burgers taste halfway good with all that fat and salt l .
interesting decor solid bar food great service and cheap beer 10 pitchers of  ipa id certainly come back .
normally i dont write negative reviews but this place was absurdly below par burger and fries were cold and employees comments were just deal with it because of night would rather eat from a street vendor or even homeless man quality was awful .
drinks good food good prices good atmosphere good often very loud service good all this added together repeat customers .
got the pyt burger very average nothing to write home about the place was dead but the music was blaring for some reason lots of good restaurants in the area i would avoid pyt .
the devils got your tongue wings will make you cry this is coming from someone who will randomly shoe  in her mouth and gnaw on them with delight dont do it im telling you .
worse burger place in philly poor presentation average food and lousy service better if they stick to the classics .
one of my favorite bars in newark great atmosphere friendly crowd awesome drinks and good food highly recommend to anyone .
lived in the piazza for 3 years ate here 4 or 5 times average food average drink hit or miss service i would suggest walking the extra 8 blocks and going to sketch .
good wings great burgers cheap beer fun crowd great location near the  and  parking sometimes available for games its a winner winner chicken dinner .
what a waste of time while in philly food was cold by time we were served and the service was worse i would high recommend not to bother .
best devils pregame bar hands down cheap beer guinness is under 3 bucks great food and a great atmosphere .
place sucks charged me for crap i didnt even order even had the audacity to tell me i did eat it 5 mins later told me youre right after realizing whos at fault never will i return wish i had left a 20 cent tip .
3 pbr 16oz cans 9 for a good burger and fries buy backs friendly waitstaff and a unique atmosphere this place is great make sure to stop before a devils game .
the thing that bothered my girlfriend and i the most was the ignorant servers if your not part of their in crowed then your treated like crap when you disrespect someone you never know when it may come back to bite you in the pyt .
this place was great staff was nice and there were some  when i went wasnt crazy price wise lounge like area dont sit by the speakers haha they werent on when we got there but later metal was melting my brain .
average food at best just cheese and goo .
 burlesque wonderful kitchy  server rosie was friendlier than a  tattoo on shore leave huh  meets newark .
man this service was pretty awful i wet there yesterday after getting off my shift and damn my water wasnt filled up once food is  at best id pass on this one .
this place just opened last saturday and ive already been there twice their  is damn fine food wicked drinks and a hell of a good time and that just about sums it up .
ate there yesterday and the burgers are honestly not that good if you are looking to have a  calorie meal i would recommend going to  or  service was also very poor .
a decent asian restaurant in south philly food is good and i must say the service is great for one lady who takes all the orders bring them out if youre looking for a quick grub thats not expensive this is the spot .
came here a few weeks back awful service very slow and it wasnt even that packed to warrant it .
sweet sweet mouth  i want to eat this food every day for the rest of my life curry chicken and chargrilled pork noodles make my heart sing .
food is decent but service was terrible place is for hipsters who dont have standards will never go back .
the place to go for the best cambodian noodle soup only other thing i had was the spring rolls which were mediocre .
always have been overpriced and arrogant ive tried them 3 times now and im done trying also 40 minimum on cards at the bar is insane .
good cambodian food and good phnom  noodle soup it small place but good for quick meal my family like it please keep it clean the owner .
overpriced poor service long waits was popular in 2011 but the idea has run its course and now all thats left is 15 dollar burgers and mediocre service  milkshake is ok .
cheap and delicious cambodian noodle soup we use to go to nam  in northeast but this place hands down is so much more fresh and delicious perfect after a night of drinking hits the spot .
terrible service and the food isnt worth coming in for you can find better food at other burger joints they dont serve anything special that you cant get at another location .
good and affordable lunch went here every time when i am in philly .
just about the worst burger ive ever had i wouldnt recommend this for a dog let alone for human consumption honestly white castle frozen burgers are a better choice rude service rob and indifferent management how else can i say avoid at all costs .
hidden gem in south philly food is delicious may be hard to find parking on weekends .
i thought i was the only one who got shitty service i guess its what theyre good at i just wish they were good at making decent food .
how long has this place been around and now did i not know about it until now ka  phnom  omg so good and cheap .
the only thing that is consistent with the pyt experience is the service while ive given this famed establishment several chances i just cant get over the waits and the disinterested staff the special burgers are pretty good but cant justify the inevitable frustration with the overall experience .
gotta try the cambodian pho quaint little corner spot .
another northern libs restaurant with decent food but apathetic hipster servers there is nothing wrong with showing you care about your job if you cant remember an order for a party of 2 then maybe you should write it down .
7th street the place to be love the service and the food close to my moms cooking this is the next best thing d .
finally got my punchcard and got the 2nd class citizen treatment im too old for this conclusion pyt chuck e cheese for  .
everything was homemade and had a unique flair to it check out the pictures and order desert .
hmmm the menu seemed very cool but thats just it it wasnt amazing but it wasnt terrible either id rather eat at shack shake .
ive been are several times for lunch and have been pleased each time the gorgonzola burger chicken sandwich and tuna sandwich were all very good the atmosphere is great i look forward to trying it for dinner soon .
pretty good if youre from the suburbs otherwise feel free to patronize any of the good restaurants in philly .
highly recommended especially the  almond brie appetizer byob and delicious homemade food staff was very friendly loved it here and will be back soon .
poor service horrible management will never come here again .
a new big fan two apps four mains two desserts tea 125 incl tax all excellent good service decent space homey atmosphere nice neighborhood spot will be back only caveat street parking difficult suggest parking a few blocks west towards the perelman museum and walking .
for the prices i recommend  in a heater in the winter on a 30 degree night ambient temp was about 60 too cold .
the table ordered brie in the clay pot special salad with  good lamb 3 shrimp with angel hair filet 2 sole stuffed with crab meat everything was delicious the waiter was very helpful and attentive a place my family loves to go back to every few months .
not sure what the hype was all about gonna save a few words but definitely had better i had the pretzel burger barely any cheese or onion it was all pretzel maybe ill return for a special off the menu burger only .
my absolute favorite brunch spot order the breakfast blt or moroccan eggs everything is good but those are my favorites and the mint tea yum .
horrible service and sent back food for the first time in my culinary lifetime went to this place on new years day last year and it was excellent went this year on new years day and it was awful terrible bloodies and stale waffles .
in short best byob in fairmount i had a special the 3rd time in stuffed salmon with vanilla risotto and a sour glaze cooked perfectly i didnt want it to end so i ate it very very slowly drove my family crazy .
worst crap hole ever how many managers do you have that cant address any issues 12 14 disgrace to the neighborhood .
a friend and i went to figs for dinner it was cute the service was good and the food was yummy the salmon was cooked perfectly the bean spread that they bring with the bread is really good i wish i knew what it was .
the service was ok the food was good te milkshake made me sick they double charged my card and were extremely unprofessional and insincere about their mistake i wont go back and wouldnt recommend it to anyone else .
they have a really great brunch .
horrible manager they refused to do takeout even to vendors at the brooklyn flea outside their front door who couldnt leave their booths staff members said that she didnt care about losing business bizarre stay away .
figs is amazing ive been a number of times and have had enjoyed each visit .
cliche .
had dinner here last night beautiful food there were 4 of us and the meat eaters found it very difficult to decide love their capri salad service was good there was await for our table which is understandable definitely try to come back here .
worst ever .
another amazing trip to figs last night this has to be my favorite restaurant in philly the food is incredible dont hesitate just go .
dirty dirty  this place gets more disgusting every time i come here bad food and even worse service .
a great small cozy corner brunch spot the service is excellent and the food is plentiful with decent pricing the moroccan tea is one of my personal favorites .
was great when it first opened then a bunch of hipsters  it horrible service   that continually talks to you while you eat if you want a good burger save some money and go to shake shack in center city .
figs is a byob in fairmount the food is spectacular which is why it is always packed the owner and staff are friendly great atmosphere a fun place to dine .
you cant tell who the servers are here at first i kept wondering why the guy who looked like he tried too hard to look hipster kept  over at our table then i realized he was a server the food was good but overpriced .
perfect everytime excellent food great staff best byo in the neighborhood cash only maybe that would be my only knock since i never have cash also call for reservations .
my burger came out w hair on it and they dont have enough vegan options on the menu for no libs thats surprising they should make a soy milk shake too and also like actually send clean food out .
consistently good lunches and weird dinners not sure why maybe a different chef i work nearby and continue to go for good lunches the dollar value is good but remember to bring cash .
crappy service .
super delish omelette everyone else got the moroccan eggs which were a huge hit i cant wait to come back and have the challah sp raisin french toast  awesome place definitely going back for brunch and dinner .
the piazza is phillys ass and pyt is the  on it .
i love figs the atmosphere is so warm and cozy and the service was great we got the scallop appetizer which had four scallops i have gotten less than that elsewhere for an entree great meal and would certainly go back .
good place to go and get shot no really pyt draws the thugs from the hood after a few milkshakes spiked with jim  the  come out and so do the  last night the inevitable occurred and someone wound up dead nice bar .
if i do not want to make my own meatballs i go here i love their meatballs whether they are on a sandwich or on top of pasta nothing but great food and service here every time i visit or call for a delivery .
the service was  slow and generally inattentive the food took too long and didnt live up to the menus promise it wasnt terrible by any stretch of the imagination it just wasnt the greatest burger or service for my buck .
i went here last week and the meatball subs are so good i got the meatball mozzarella and red sauce probably one of the best subs ive had in awhile definitely will be going back .
bougie  i asked my server what was on tap he didnt know because he doesnt drink beer are you kidding me .
excellent lunch spot this is a go to for me .
decent food decent beer terrible service annoying atmosphere trying way too hard to be trendy will not be back .
hands down best meatball hero ive ever had i knocked down a pork philly with  meatballs aged provolone and broccoli rage i will definitely be back .
terrible food worse service the place looks like an adult chuck e cheese but instead of guys walking around in mouse suits and video games there are  out employees and  covered bean bags .
i hadnt been in awhile the meatballs and pasta are still excellent best in the city and reasonably priced for the quality and size .
eh liked the song much better the adult milkshake was definitely the highlight of my meal there i do like their outdoor space though would be a good spot for drinks but i would skip the food .
the best homemade  meatball sandwich around the traditional pork veal beef meatball is outstanding these people know what theyre doing and for the gravy impressive the mozz is fresh and if that wasnt enough its served on a fresh toasted roll my family will be back .
automatically adding gratuity to a bill regardless of party size this place automatically  all  in my eyes .
the meatballs are good try the meatball caesar salad with chicken .
the burgers are decent but the service is  at best the fact that they will automatically add a 20 gratuity to your bill is absolutely ridiculous i wont be going back anytime soon what a joke .
will be back not a meatball  but could learn to enjoy with their variety of choices went for lunch during work and can say i only ate half and will enjoy the rest this evening .
go if youre ready to be underwhelmed and do not order the sloppy jill burger unless youre willing to pay 12 on the menu says 10 but i was billed 12 for a disapointment of a burger boo .
the chicken parm sandwich is fantastic it is consistently well done the service is fast the tables turn over fast its a neighborhood gem .
was very excited to try the   and bacon burger it was ok not bad no specific complaints but i wont be going back also it was quite noisy and the atmosphere was generally uncomfortable .
lots of stuff to choose from their menu i would definitely come back and try other stuff .
warning warning if you are a vegan stay away from pyt theyve discontinued their vegan burger even though its still on their menu and they use only  potato rolls anyway which are not vegan i sat waiting for 20 minutes before  pyt had nothing to offer .
got the veggie rabe so fantastic the veggie meatballs are very flavorful the broccoli rabe tasted as if it were made by my mom cant wait to go back .
my duck lorange burger was definitely lame tasted like a turkey burger an overcooked one but shit i sure did look cool eating it .
i love the veggie meatballs because they dont even try to make them as meat  they are clearly vegetable spinach is perfect sauces have fabulous flavor good bread and the staff are friendly i will be going back .
youve gotta be better than this in philly service was horrible and so was the burger had the  burger there are too many good choices out there to go to pyt it was much more about the setting than the food unnecessary .
all i can say is yum i make meatballs quite frequently and a friend of mine said i should try  i honestly think i will be using their meatballs for sunday dinner from now on great sandwiches and super sweet cashier .
i want to love this place i really do but the food has been disappointing time and time again why oh why im gonna give this place another shot bc the idea of pyt is just so awesome and i cannot give up on them .
simple classic meatball sandwiches weve been several time for lunch and even met a friend for a quick dinner once the place is small but i guess they do more take out than eating in its clean and youll love the sandwich .
for a burger joint trying to be hip youd think theyd be  of putting something vegan on the menu .
still pretty great two years later thanks .
ok the one star is for my yummy adult milkshake with rainbow jimmies i wanted to like pyt but i just cant i will never go back there again the noise and clientele ruined it for me .
 sandwich with veggie meatballs aged provolone marinara and broccoli rabe thats how you satisfy a vegetarian .
lets face it the only thing this place has going for it is the milk shake but from what im reading below even that is sometimes a struggle  being dragged here saturday after saturday .
these meatballs are the bees knees simple review for a simple yet perfectly made light fluffy meatball .
bad service bad food bad beer selection bad  selection tried it a couple times never again dont waste your time .
ordered the special meatball of the day beef pork and veal meatballs with whole wheat penne pasta and tomato sauce topped with cheese parsley and garlic it was  definitely going back soon .
all hype the burger is good but nothing special .
best authentic mexican food in ct great price .
was it the worst chinese food i have ever eaten probably expensive very fatty yuck and the wait staff is not helpful i suggest mcdonalds as an alternative .
just went for a quick dinner the steak fajita was really good and not too heavy the waitress was nice good prices too but ill have to keep the 5th star because the decor really needs some  here and there nice .
its very bad the  paul chicken like a wood .
good noodle decent taste .
every dish tastes like soy sauce .
the dim sum here is right up there with nyc chinatown .
if youre looking for a true gyro this is not the place to go seem nice but very slow heading to reading terminal to get my gyro fix .
great dim sum the only problem is that its not available during the week im retired so i can do something like this everything is fresh and they have a nice  of dishes .
the food was ok but the service was so disappointing it ruined the entire experience also the water was lukewarm and provided in tiny glasses that were never refilled get it together pjs .
this is a pretty good dim sum restaurant although the service is not great the taste is excellent and the price is pretty reasonable .
pancakes are very ordinary bacons are not even smoked hash browns are just bunch of mashed potatoes i dont understand why there seems to be a line outside on weekend probably because of lack in brunch places in princeton .
great dim sum we need to get there earlier so we can try more dishes we arrived in the last hour of dim sum service and it seemed like they werent offering that many dishes .
wont be going back .
been going to dim sum across the street for some time now and went here this weekend so much better friendly dim sum ladies and the food was fresh and yummy will return .
 3 50 for a glass of og 10 for a bowl of berry fruit salad mediocre service long wait noisy and crowded restaurant and an all around awful experience .
its the best dim sum i had in nj actually china town quality is going down so i would put this place right up there in terms of decor you can   about no other reason to go than to eat good food i will be back .
good coffee and the lox and bagel sandwich was fine the smashed potato side was pretty awful though the omelets looked good as did the pancakes i saw .
we loved this place so much we had our wedding here must try the  mei fun it is loaded with mixed seafood pork and pickled vegetable we get it every time we come here we even had it on our menu on our wedding day .
as a frequent customer i would say their menu has changed as well as their prices the quality of their food is not satisfactory owners have changed and obviously pjs will never be the same coming from a princeton resident .
good place for dim sum and dinner owner is friendly too though sanitation and staff friendliness can be off at times still a great place to eat the salt and pepper shrimp sweet and sour porkchop fried flounder and fried shrimp tofu are personal favorites .
people line up outside when we pass by so we decided to give it a try its pricey for breakfast the portions are small there was hardly any space and the pancakes were average youre better off if you go somewhere else .
service is not so great but their food dim sum and regular lunchdinner dishes is great definitely authentic and can satisfying  chinese customers .
undercooked pancakes still wet oversalted potatoes and oily eggs absolutely horrible and overrated place how can you screw up pancakes when you call yourself a pancake house .
dim sum has good variety and taste good service could be a bit friendlier the food from the menu is also very good will keep coming back .
overpriced and not that great dont know why there is always a long line go to bagel street grill instead .
our family and friend always dine here on the weekends their food is  and the quality is good friendly staffs .
this place is gross oily eggs no real maple source charge 10 for mediocre pancakes quantity but no quality coffee tastes like mud water .
i love this place this is the style of chinese cooking that really hits the spot they can specialize the orders for you and have dishes that are truly old style chinese make sure you ask about the frequent dining card for discounts .
a reasonable neighborhood brunch place .
the service is subpar sometimes and is difficult especially when you dont speak  but the food is authentic and pretty good its worth a shot .
just about every time i go they have me in the drive up pulling to the side to wait for something to finish cooking its annoying theres never enough chicken pieces or pies ready always something always .
a good place to get your authentic dim sum fix also good for  sum times the food is authentic and consistently good .
this restaurant has become the classic case of new owner keeping the name and prices but food quality does not even come close to previous expectations steer clear of this place until the prices come down at least .
who doesnt love dim sum this is great traditional dim sum theyve got the traditional carts the good cantonese dishes we all love be sure to get the xiao long bao super good the prices were good and the food was fantastic love it .
arrived early for our reservation on a sunday evening but the hostess was too busy to notice ten minutes later we were greeted and shown to our table the food was soso the service was mediocre valet parking was ridiculous .
good  when youre feeling it .
food is good however a waiter told us that they wanted to reset the table when we were 50 finished with coffee and cappuccino nice way if saying please leave so we can turnover the table lame pork chop overdone and too salty apps were incredible .
french onion soup omg  best ive had really cute cozy atmosphere nice staff and ill definitely be back .
walked in around  the afternoon to my surprise the vietnamese lady was changing a childs dirty  behind the counter the child was in a car seat type chair i couldnt believe it needless to say i did a  and left .
stumbled in at lunch by random choice what a find great service awesome bistro atmosphere loved the   salad loved the steak frite  loved the chicken paillard truly great lunch its my new go to if near soho .
nothing to see here dive bar garden variety margaritas greasy food the photos speak for themselves seems this has been done before stay clear of the spicy beer cocktail yuk .
i went with a group of 4 for brunch and we all loved our food the service was really good as well the restaurant was cute and clean no complaints .
based on delivery from seamless web ordered huevos rancheros brunch special was a little oily and not really fresh tasting might give it a chance if passing by but wouldnt order from them again .
cute french bistro with an original vibe and actually with real french food they have croque  on the menu but if you ask you can have a croque madam as well it is actually one of the best croque madam i ever had even better than paris .
this place has a cute ambiance and good food but the prices are a little higher than they  to be and the last time i was there my waiter was incredibly annoying to the point that i almost walked out .
i had never been before and decided to stop in for lunch very friendly service and delicious food also good ambiance with the music if youre into that .
cant really comment on the food i waited 10 minutes at the door to be seated without any acknowledgement from the staff i left your service is typical new york dont give a shit service fantastic .
 is top notch at this restaurant service staff is friendly so is the owner if youre looking for simple solid french fare definitely recommended .
horrible service i was ignored at the counter while others who were known by the staff were helped before me no eye contact from the staff or any acknowledgement i was even there after 10 minutes i left .
quaint charming and have never had a bad meal here wait staff friendly and prompt always a good choice .
fair to poor choice for breakfast hard to recommend this place the food is below average the service brisk to rude the interior average its on a dumpy street best to just keep walking plenty of better choices within just a few blocks .
after finishing the ny chocolate tour this was the most delightful find for dinner a lovely french bistro with  service and perfectly prepared food the ambiance is casual romantic elegance we will return .
the place is constantly packed and yes the food is decent but the wait is very long and the organization pretty messy a couple people from the staff should also go back to customer service class .
charming café with great food we had the  monsieur a burger w goat cheese and the scrambled eggs and bacon plate very nice good portion sizes and friendly and personable staff .
place a phone order pizza was cold  any sauce even the garlic knots were cold cold antipasto wasnt that great unsatisfied customer .
nice friendly place good solid bistro food quite reasonable for the area prices not five stars since nothing particularly out of the ordinary but highly recommended .
the pizzas horrible not sure what the rest of their food is like but i think ill pass not to mention the staff is horrible and rude .
nice bistro in nice neighborhood pleasant atmosphere comfortable inside seating came here for lunch we had french onion soup salad omelette mussels and croque monsieur everything was wonderful .
wow what happened though food was terrible drinks were  bummer pork belly was an over cooked pork chop fix your martini olive game asap .
such a great neighborhood gem this little hole in the wall tucked into soho was such a surprise they have great wine and great steak frites its adorable and delicious .
24 clams i threw down for a  stew twas chock full of onions garlic tomatoes thats true though i dont want to  or to  or to rant the fish in this stew at best it was scant .
very cute french bistro service is impeccable i ordered the steak which was delicious nice spot to either sit outdoors or cozy up in the back .
went here for the brunch and my food was eh kind of boring still i want to try again for dinner or  drinks and oysters .
brought my girlfriend here for  day last year we each had the filet mignon and i remember it being pretty good great cozy romantic spot in the heart of soho .
overpriced and okay food .
one of my favorite french restaurants quality is consistent and the service is great i like the monk fish with wasabi sauce .
pathetic food and way  stupid fcking hipsters boom .
excellent french bistro fare i had roast duck breast with wild rice my companion had hanger steak with pommes frites both were cooked perfectly shared crime brûlée for dessert also excellent .
authentic it is not respectable texmex no how does this place stay in business superior to chipotle or even moes no chance .
went back and will keep going back had the mussels in white wine  garlic and broth with hot off the press bread that was great for dunking small and intimate friendly and in a perfect spot go for lunch dinner or snack .
worst mexican food ever taco bell would have been more authentic than this place the best part of dinner the chips which probably just came out of a bag .
went back here again on our return trip fabulous wait staff very attentive food was exceptional .
not as good as it looks food has no taste i ordered beef fajita and expected hot sizzling plate but the food was cold and very few shredded beef my wife ordered chicken enchilada which had no taste at all the only good thing was the service .
my wife and i literally came across the country to come to dinner here its that good .
have been a couple of times mostly tasty but todays lunch arrived cold .
i had a delicious dinner at bistro les amis a few weekends ago the scallops were wonderful read my full review here   .
really rude people behind the counter no customer service its almost as though they enjoy being rude .
balthazar had one and a half hour wait so walked up the street to bistro les amis what a wonderful surprise meal was excellent and service superb .
very dirty bathroom as i noted in my check in please clean it and staff not friendly sandwich was ok but overpriced i dont recommend a visit .
this is a  cozy bistro perfect for a cold rainy night i had the roasted breast of duck with  sauce and was perfectly delighted with my order i cannot wait to go back .
i went to two weddings here and please avoid it food was tasteless and service was bad personally i wish gordon ramsay would knock some sense into this place .
reservations are helpful in this cozy place luckily they accommodated us and a few more walk ins the service was fast and attentive and the food is very tasty .
coffee sauce on mashed potatoes servings that make you want to go out for pizza afterward if i wanted teenie portions of overpriced  food i would take the 7 into the city .
good location attentive service the prix fixe menu very good deal monday to thursday before 730 pm recommend the crispy  the rosemary chicken was a dry the mango sorbet was delicious will definitely come again for dinner .
waited 15 mins after seating for the server to come take an order enchilada was bland and ravioli was nothing to write home about the restaurant is cozy though .
was a good experience ordered a ton of food and all of it was tasty the oysters were okay the mussels werent bad at all and the server was very nice we plan on going again .
they dont honor reservations .
this is a great bistro feels authentic great service great atmosphere no pretense or cheesy people even though it is in soho take your mom close friends or a date .
no guacamole unless you order a steak not so mexican .
my favorite neighborhood    and friendly atmosphere and  makes the perfect gimlet .
i liked this rest before but when i visit this recently i was so disappointed by food and service i wont go there anymore .
great one of fav places .
too much sauce .
the food here is so good i ate here last week and had the curry chicken salad special it was absolutely perfect light and refreshing and not too spicy the decor is very french it reminded me so much of being in a little bistro in paris .
meh wasnt impressed at all soup tasted a bit like  wash your dishes more thoroughly please portions were measly and the noodles really did not live up to their  soft not elastic enough .
loved this place great neighborhood spot small romantic bistro the service and food are exquisite if you are looking for a great location for new years eve this is a great option .
was hoping to be more impressed the noodles were a bit over boiled soggy lacking an elastic chewy texture the broth lacked flavor and had to add vinegar and chili for flavor serving size was ample for both meat and noodles for 56 per bowl .
not quite french offers consistent delicious food attentive and friendly staff good wines cozy atmosphere .
the food is great but the service needs mass improvement just smiling could make a huge difference .
cozy corner good menu nice wines great value 3 course early bird dinner is 530 to 7 for 25 bucks .
good dumplings but they gave me pork bone soup when i ordered steamed pork soup there was bone in every bite if you are into that sort of thing but it was very bland .
good food i always like a place i can get a good salad the outdoor seating is really only for 2 people at a time so i cant recommend this for groups a plus is that they have a full bar and wine a great date restaurant .
it was ok ill leave it at that .
nice lil corner bistro that i always seem to wander upon in soho great standard bistro fare .
meh had the veal parm saturday night tough and flavorless water refills were a struggle and the staff really couldnt have cared any less that we were there after dropping about 80 no alcohol here for 3 no thank you or acknowledgement on the way out kinda surprised .
good quality goat cheese salad yummy duck on country rice grains was kind of like a country french restaurant with asian and italian  one of the first places with warm bread that ive been to in ny .
overpriced dry pizza that tasted like salted cardboard yum yum .
 atmosphere great place to take parents good service delicious food .
ordered a pizza to go on a friday which was half cooked i understand being busy but this had sausage on it that was still a little pink my neighbors like them but i am hard pressed to  .
just had lunch here few days ago and it was truly fabulous had a big delicious seafood salad and my dad had a great crab cake sandwich all followed by amazing  very reasonably priced too go there .
this has to be the worst place ive ever been to the staff is rude and cant be bothered and the food is mediocre at its best the bartender needs an attitude adjustment do not waste your money on this dump .
cheese plates homemade bread ham  hanging in the windows on the way to the restroom and always excellent service lots of action in the bar always busy and always fun and the food and service are fantastic like arnold ill be back .
i live down the street from this hole if you like good food avoid this place like the plague its dirty the  are rude and the food is terrible dont ever remember it being good but people still go to this hole .
one of my favorite restaurants of all time great food great people great atmosphere .
old neighborhood haunt would never stop in that neighborhood if it wasnt recommended by locals food ok service rough place is held together with   and age not a bargain either .
this is my happy place amazing food and service worth the walk or drive from wherever you are i recommend the fresh mozzarella and hanger steak .
not sure why all the fan fare average at best and can be expensive for the quality .
stellar meal service and atmosphere we ordered all the small plates basically the  and rolls twice cocktails and beer then finished the evening with  pig bourbon .
its a diner and it is ok this was a lack of choice at the time a bad lack of choice i had a turkey club processed not so good my bad .
gorgeous space delicious food farmtotable the best of vermont all under one roof  .
service is not good staff is friendly food is not of great quality might as well stay home .
hen of the wood is the best restaurant i have been to in burlington  cuisine is served on plates that are just fancy enough highlights included the hanger steak .
you can get better food from a high school lunch lady prices are insane for what you get not coming back .
everything and i mean everything was excellent our waiter was a little weird but the food was amazing it is very cold though so bring a jacket .
the food here was way too expensive for the quality i had the  with shrimp it didnt have any taste at all very bland sodas were 4 which is outrageous the server wrapped my food up in aluminum foil not a container bizarre will never return .
this was a fantastic meal two of us shared 4 small plates the oysters were fresh the steak tartare was awesome the best i have had the grilled octopus ok my daughter liked the beets i would return here again and again .
totally bummed the reviews for this place failed to mention no seating and its in a super sketchy record .
very well prepared food the lobster in iron plate beet salad and kale gratin and midday tries .
yelp usually is always spot on but this time i was let down i personally dont believe this place deserves a four star rating ive had better italian at chain restaurants just my opinion .
very good food creative menu but a bit pricey for such small portions the ambiance is lovely and just right for a dinner in town well go again .
college students make better pasta than this in their  rooms .
rabbit tagliatelle  grilled octopus 810 smoked  710 .
mustve just came on a bad day but the food was awful came out cold and didnt taste good had the looser salad sandwich and the eggs will not come back .
excellent steak and an excellent atmosphere also the oysters were very fresh ive heard the  location is worth going to for the ambience but if you want to save yourself an hours worth of driving the burlington location is also excellent .
upset with salad which i paid for additional protein could barely find it major rip off .
i like this place the food taste good and they deliver to verona in a reasonable time frame note however their pizza is sicilian style .
food tasted good but was saturated in oil the togo boxes are the least sustainable and most  things ive seen and i was shocked that a sustainable farmtotable place would waste so much .
i went in for a sit down dinner and was very pleased with my chicken florentine and my children loved the pizza .
only come here with a coupon from  otherwise price not worth overlooked salmon good sauce on mussels but shitty mussles dont charge me 9 for that salad .
best sandwiches thin chicken cutlets great margherita pie buffalo balls unreal pay 4 what u get good  here .
flat tops food is really expensive and you cant fill urself up by one dish the waiters have bad attitudes as well .
no dogs permitted in the  .
just had lunch at flat top and found the portions small and service inattentive nice atmosphere for a drink maybe but  so much .
excellent experience each time we go the eggplant roll ups are a must entire staff is amazing .
for dinner food overpriced portions stingy service incredibly slow waited about 30 mins for entrees 15 min for limited basic complementary starters bread and oil .
good food in a casual atmosphere will be back .
for a chinese buffet this place is terrible all food is gross and greasy not many choices at all i would have given one star but i found their dumpling is actually very good .
i just wish they would wrap their takeout hot parm selections in non stick paper before the foil wrap they are a mess to deal with .
meh just below being ok not really tasty kinda all around dingy looking in my opinion not authentic chinese food or close to it positives are some sushi choices fresh cut fruits and the alfredo seafood pasta was good i wont be back .
got delivery from frank anthonys tonight and i have to say that the wild mushroom pizza is the best pizza ive ever had hands down i especially love the thin crust eggplant rollatini was also delish tossed salad was decent too delivery was fast and prices reasonable .
i wish i could give negative stars i visited china grill buffet this evening with my family and it is by far the worst food i have ever had at a buffet in addition to terrible food this place is over priced and has mediocre service .
great service and great food  and  catered my wifes surprise bday party and everyone raved about the food try the eggplant and pasta specials .
food was average on par with most chinese buffets table was dirty and so was silverware overall impression was tat it wasnt the cleanest place overall some people were doing some serious eating in there some arguing over crab legs too never seen anything like that before .
although this is a very small place the food is very good .
this place is just gross the food is of the cheapest quality and very greasy theres not a whole lot of selection either especially for vegetarians my feet were even sticking to the floor yuck .
the food here was very good and its a nice clean atmosphere i tried the  sandwich and was very happy also had some pasta which was done right i will go back soon .
thanks giving balls are a must do .
it just gets better every time we go back the sicilian pork chops the pizza the burger the fresh mozzarella the sandwiches on their fresh bread there is nothing and i mean nothing that i have had from  that isnt great nice staff friendly owners .
our anniversary dinner lets start with the seafood overcooked scallops and shrimp along with undercooked haddock also enjoyed the instant potatoes who  paying 23 00 for a meal and gets a pile of instant mash potatoes will never go back .
great fresh food everything was very flavorful pear salad was excellent from the other reviews it sounds like we have to come back and try the pizza when we are back in the area we will definitely do that come back and try more delicious food .
dont go over price steak was tasteless service was great but just another  cover of a resturant .
amazing food everything is really flavorful and fresh they have great specials the service has always been good to me .
the philly i got from the street  for lunch was far better than the burger i paid 20 for here the atmosphere service fantastic and cost gave me the impression i was in for a great experience theres no excuse for that menu item .
very accommodating and friendly service slightly pricey but yummy pastries and reasonably priced foods worth stopping in .
tourist trap id rather eat taco bell 51 for 2 drinks and shrimp cocktail kill yourself .
this place is hit or miss they have a good lunch special and pasta dinner special in the beginning of the week pasta entrées and sandwiches are good but the service can really blow .
skip it one of the worst services in nyc had to wait more than an hour to be seated .
love love love love marzullos their sauce is amazing the staff is friendly and extremely helpful they maintain a family like atmosphere if you go to the deli area you see an amazing assortment of italian goodies dont forget to stop at the coffee bar or gelato station .
had reservation for  still not seated at 9 kept getting different stories about how long the wait was obviously they dont care about their customers time so dont waste any by coming here .
this place is awesome for what it is a homey italian restaurant with great food nice decor and attentive service for a reasonable price nice enough for a date but also accommodating for a family .
food was ok nothing spectacular hostess was rude service indifferent worst of all roaches crawling on steps as we walked out grossed me out will never return .
marzullos is a  in our montclair dining rotation the food is tasty and served in a timely fashion with large portions so theres plenty to take home the tablecloths are covered with white paper and the kids get crayons to color on it .
ive dined here many times before and the food is good but if you go for a weekday lunch and the hostess tells you its going to be a 15 minute wait do not believe a word she is saying .
this place frequently caters at my job the roast beef is to die for excellent salads and cakes the staff is incredibly friendly i dont know what the  experience is like but i would love to check it out .
i just ordered salmon at a ruby tuesdays in  currently traveling there for work it was at least 50 better than the arctic char at  can you tell im still mad .
its a local version of a subway with a larger verity of eating options if you are worried about getting the right amount of food for your dollar you are definitely getting more for what you are paying .
pretty expensive for a few hamburgers and drinks the drinks mixed drinks are 15 not including tip are pricey weak the food was mediocre on a  note the waitstaff was friendly and attentive but for  ive definitely had better meals .
i love this place they make the best italian sandwiches and i used to go here all the time the one in orange if only i still lived in jersey yumm 0 .
 if i wanted chain restaurants id go to new jersey plus its overpriced and service is patchy at best one waitress tried to convince my colleague that a manhattan is made of  and champagne totally clueless i say .
a very nice sandwich place awesome quality and  size of burgers great service and attention from stuff great take out food 20 years of existance confirm still perfect organization recommend italian cheese steak sandwich .
this place is only good for a first date or a business meeting basically if you want to impress someone just cross over to the next town over in west orange and theres like 5 peruvian restaurants which are a lot better portion wise and price wise .
i visited this place today and it was a very pleasant experience the customer service was great i ordered the liver  juice and  smoothie they were both delicious i highly recommend this café to fellow vegetarians and people who love high quality juices .
based on their high ranking i decided to try and i ordered online through the yelp app but thirty minutes later received a call from delivery com  me that they have no delivery guys your order has been cancelled .
great food great people and a great vibe i will definitely go again .
not horrible i guess but food is either cold or really greasy but on the other hands its one of the only decent bbq joints in town .
another gem in montclair great smoothies coffee and wifi .
my husband and i went for brunch we live a block away we ordered the side car breakfast i honestly make better with my eyes closed the grits were very thick no white toast really .
this place has a great vibe great people homemade fresh goodies and tunes i love it .
this place blows terrible food and long wait no space we had to squeeze in to our seats and squeeze in and out of the restaurant i would never come here again bad bad bad .
what a warm welcome friendly atmosphere and delicious drinks we will definitely be coming back .
we were told 3040 minute wait it was 90 mins no one told us it would be longer also there is no frickin chocolate milk go here if you like the smell of hipsters and overpriced craft beer .
this place makes really nice juice i really love it the juice here even inspired me to buy my own  i am glad a juice place exists in our area .
once very good and unique now has all the personality of an applebees .
thai  coconut super smoothie addicted enough said also the staff is super nice a little bit expensive for a broke college student like me but once a week its well worth the indulgence .
luckily the food was good service was terrible and we waited an hour for our meal they even made my very pregnant sister get out of her seat and stand because our whole party had yet to arrive never going back .
awesome place to stop for lunch or a super healthy juice great friendly service and everything is super fresh i hope they open another one a little south on the parkway .
12 dollar breakfast sidecar is a a fine example of this neighborhoods gentrification such a pity .
best juice around .
very nice atmosphere friendly service but if i order a teeny portion of a bean platter that is obviously from a can and thats not an issue that they sell for 13 50 plus tax and tip no freaking way .
best chicken soup in all of manhattan maybe the world .
disappointing incredibly rude owner took her time to take order while not busy with anything else took our pastry from the table before we were finished will not return .
i love this place the food is delicious and the place is small and cozy i could never pass up a great plate of bistec and arroz blanco with great service .
owner and wait staff were incredibly rude the coffee and pastries are good but the staff could not be more unwelcoming .
food from home always a plus if you want real latin food that is one of maybe 5 places in nyc you will get real latin food i eat there at least 5 times a month  its always good .
the best banh mi ive ever had and certainly the best in all of new york too bad the hair  deep in mine ensures ill never have it again .
beef stew with  dish is tasty its a real home cooked taste i paid 7 40 for a small great food and price would definitely recommend trying this place .
horrible chicken sandwich the chicken was absurdly dry and what added oil to the fire was that the texture was shredded i mean like who eats shredded chicken now im not a cat you know i still have my  .
finally after a week of eating deli breakfast my good old spanish breakfast oh man so good .
went back yet again and still way too much msg left with a  headache will have to pass on this place despite their pleasant tasting sandwiches .
the food here is great love this place im not spanish but on xmas i love to order pernil and take it to my parents house because no one makes pernil like these people love spanish food .
mystery meat seriously unidentifiable i ordered chicken next time i will go with tofu .
holy amazing we ordered takeout from genas grill on saturday night and wow the pork was juicy and delicious the rice beans were amazing and im not really into rice beans generally and the sweet plantains were so sweet and perfect i cant say enough about this place .
went to ba xuyen for some banh mi per a fantastic review on serious eats and i just thought it was alright i much prefer the banh mi at vanessas dumplings .
best puerto rican food in the east village ive ordered here multiple times and the people here are super nice even delivery only took like 10 minutes .
havent been there recently sorry for the wrong post .
great cheap caribbean food .
indifferent and inadequate service  on giving a table next to the bathroom when the whole restaurant was empty was just plain stupid food is just ok .
authentic dominican grub the portions were perfect and the staff was friendly if you are with a large group 3 you might want to order takeout as space is limited .
really bad case of dry mouth after eating the sandwich would not order from this place again .
simple and tasty latino south american  food my fried eggs with peas rice hit the spot i really want to try the paella but will have to wait i dig old diners run daily by owners .
maybe im a traditionalist maybe im just spoiled but these sandwiches just do not stack up to the original bahn mi that you get in northeast philly or northern  theyre decent sandwiches but something is missing .
awesome roasted chicken and very cheap .
just not very good its too  and not enough authenticity people who dont really understand banh mi or are used to the other crap in nyc will love it though .
if you can speak even just a little spanish you can sit at the counter and its like your grandma is feeding you wanna try this a little more of that something else no im too full and then it costs 9 .
could be better with a lot more effort by the staff food is just ok and over salted nothing to write home about get rid  xmas light for gods sake expensive so for value it scores quite low too .
went here for the first time tonight and it was great tiny little lunch counter place the pernil asado was simple and fantastic very flavorful got it with yellow rice cuban sandwich was also really good very authentic cooking .
not bad food but nothing worth the prices fast service but as a small restaurant its too crowded and no privacy i wouldnt go again .
this is cheap real dominican soul food as good as it gets delicious chicken and yummy yummy tostones and   it is what it is and it is so good .
rude rude service very very loud at long table felt rushed very arrogant pastas are very average had a microwaved chocolate soufflé that came out 2 minutes after ordered burning hot wont return looks authentic but its not .
came here on my work break all i bought was maduros the women behind the counter were so friendly im definitely coming here more often and ill get bigger plates very affordable and who can go wrong with dominican food not i .
rude service saw cook push down garbage with same gloves used to handle food left after a single glass of wine food tastes good but after seeing how unclean the kitchen was quickly lost appetite .
tried the dominican cake here not too long ago damn that hit the spot and was worth the inexpensive price .
one other quick thought when the waiter took our check he just  the cash was for him at no point did we say keep the change or the change is for you very  and rude .
great local spot for a quick pernil sandwich or pork ribs with rice and beans the ladies working here are very sweet and call you mami or  .
i wouldnt know what is the quality of the food here because i waited for an hour and half with a party of six and had to watch while they sat every couple that arrived after us very disrespectful .
genas win try it right now if you have a  friend bring your tour  its not required but it helps whatever you do make sure you try the chicken empanadas and the arroz  que rico .
just called to make a reservation and the man mentioned no reservations and hung up on me i had no idea geez rude .
worth running away from home for .
just one word about this place sucks .
the chips  guacamole are amazing the chip is very thick my favorite is the al pastor tacos with a grapefruit margarita .
used to be one of my favorite neighborhood places to grab a glass of wine but when i went in tonight at 10pm they wouldnt let me sit at the bar that had plenty of seats without ordering dinner such a shame wont be going back .
great place i had the pork tacos they were really good habanero margarita was amazing warning its really hot i also had the enchiladas really good great place .
staff is just plain rude .
this is my go to mexican spot in the les vegetarians love it here too expect a wait but its worth it .
great atmosphere but the food was cold the sparkling wine was a bit warm not very good ventilation so you walk out smelling like food also its very  so the food gets very cold very fast the food is ok not the best .
the habenero grapefruit margaritas are to die for the jalepeno is great too i loved the guacamole the shrimp .
good food but the 2x ive come to this particular store the place was dirty it  quite a bit from the meal so many people preparing food none taking care of the dining area .
good mexi food nothing mind blowing but all around good nothing was bad and i just kind of like this place not worth a trip out of your way but if you live in the hood it is worth making it a semi regular joint .
today was the second time that i got food poisoning from the food at this location needless to say i wont be going back both my boyfriend and i got the chicken and we both got very sick ugh i highly suggest you dont go here .
delicious delicious food and a grapefruit margarita hit the spot cool hidden place the only down side is that it is small and on a saturday night crowded well worth it though .
been to this location  and food is  however customer service not so much the staff isnt friendly and it seems as if youre bothering them if youre in between locations choose the other one .
great little authentic spot .
ive eaten at many different  across the us but this one is by far the worst in terms of speed of service the staff is very slow the food is excellent however .
great place to eat definitively overpriced considering the portion size and quality even by nyc standards though would be 5 stars if the prices were 25 lower everything on the menu is great .
got dinner to go for 2 they package extremely hot food in plastic containers leaving you with a soggy mess because of the  got one pita for a ton of food which i think cost me an extra 1 for whole wheat .
pretty tasty a bit overrated for the hip but its kinda nice the place is small so get ready to be close to people d .
cold bland pita ingredients in the falafel sandwich that sounded wonderful but failed to come together into a tasty sandwich the falafel balls themselves leave something to be desired 2 stars instead of 1 because i think it was their first week being open .
excellent margaritas so worth the 10 really cute place loved the vibe great for summer nights the server wasnt the best kind of curt and not very helpful .
i ordered the steak salad and the steak was cold pieces of philly cheesesteak meat the only steak salad ive ever had that doesnt use real meat i ended up picking around the meat .
ive been here for brunch many times the drinks are so fresh and yummy i keep ordering the  with a fried egg its the most amazing brunch ever i need to go for dinner bc im sure it will be amazing go here now .
oversalted bbq chicken pizza ok tomato basil i liked the thin crust but the dough itself wasnt that good better than i expected though since i hadnt heard of this place before today it reminded me of pizza at kitchen zinc .
staff is great and food and margaritas are always on point i just wish the crowds would go away as id eat there a few times a week .
summer rolls were expensive 8 for two small rolls claypot catfish was good reminded me of home but all in all it was quite overpriced for vietnamese food bf got the pork belly which was decent it was 50 plus tip for the 3 dishes .
great atmosphere and good mexican food the drinks are pretty surprising a nice place for a fun lunch or dinner .
starving on a layover and place says its open til 2am im calling at  and after it rings 20 times someone hangs up seriously .
such a yummy meal the  fresca was super refreshing and the red salsa had a great smoky spiciness to it mama knows  cause her secret mole sauce in the chicken enchiladas was one of the best i had my   was also on point .
tried ordering and first person said they could deliver although he may not have understood what we were trying to say when we called back they said they actually dont deliver and it was the frustrating experience of my life get it together .
warning the taquitos are not taquitos it is a small taco with strawberries and  cheese they are delicious though get the michelada with  modelo it wont disappoint .
the chicken here is great but the restaurant is a mismanaged mess service is terrible chaotic rude and its impossible to order by phone no one picks up too bad its so badly run because the neighborhood is desperate for good restaurants .
the margaritas are to die for be aware that when they say spicy it is spicy love the mole enchilada come in early its small and cozy service is friendly and helpful good place to spend the afternoon we came to see a world cup soccer game .
pio pio is not great the chicken was really good but overall not the authentic experience i wad hoping for the ketchup and french fries were strike one not authentic at all then the avocado salad i ordered was definitely sub par i dont recommend this place .
excellent food drinks super crowded and tight seating but good for couples and small groups if you dont mind the wait service is pretty good too .
cockroaches we ordered food from this place and we opened our bag to find many cockroaches crawling around in it should be enough said for people to not eat here .
loved it a cute dark and cozy spot for a date super crowded but im a fan try the seafood tacos and ceviche portions are small but delish .
my first visit became my last purchased two subs taste was better than many other places but nothing to write home about the guy who rang me up was outright rude i would give this shop a big zero for their customer service .
best mexican place in manhattan where if u want ur cocktail less sweet all is custom made fish taco was amazing beats la esquina which was my 1 spit to go for authentic mexican .
this is so funny im assuming the top review with 5 stars is someone who works for subworks because they actually  me to get a life when they obviously created an account only to review subworks so  get a life and a real job .
so delicious every single time its small and gets packed quick but the hosts are good about staying on top of filling the empty spots dont think twice about the wait beware the spiciest margarita is no joke .
once a great local sub shop with good subs not sure what happened here .
this place is small but deadly i love the steak tacos and grapefruit margarita its even better when they play 90s hip hop its one of my favorite places to be when it  because this play can get overwhelmingly crowded so go early or late .
ordered delivery to my hotel which came quickly it wasnt good the chicken had a weird flavor and the hummus was gross the bread was fine i was pretty disappointed with the meal .
came here right after work with a friend so it was relatively empty gradually became crowed after awhile the food was really good and the drinks were delish love the young and lively crowd cant wait to go back .
i ordered chicken gyro shawarma for delivery while got grilled chicken instead to make things wrong the delivery guy refused to give me correct amount of changes because he ran out of 1 dollar bills the wrong experience ive ever had .
the best mexican food ive had in a really long time just expect at least a 90 minute wait very worth it though .
i just ordered an entree size dish 14 it came in a lunch box size rob a bank why dont you i added a rice pudding so its 24 with tax see picture i posted .
i love this place mole enchiladas and spicy margaritas are my go tos probably the best mole in the city if you ask me its not cheap and it usually takes some time to be seated but it is worth it .
horrific and so not worth it i am  lamb chops and lamb kebab was not worth the 25 bucks i would never come back .
drinks are good and the atmosphere is fun with the aesthetic of a typical small and hip lower east side bar all of this is great but i come here mostly for the chips and salsa which are the perfect compliment to a night of drinks .
the gyros make you feel like your having a heart attack right after too greasy for my taste .
the tortilla soup is delicious the calamari tacos are yummy too the joint is really small though and gets really noisy so be ready to yell over your tacos .
the meat is good sauce is bad service is bad definitely a take out place because they care about fulfilling their delivery orders before the people who sits at the restaurant i waited about 30 minutes before my food came out sauce was not creamy and lacks flavor .
dont get why its chino service was good host looked like   which was cool food was pretty authentic very good quality definitely recommend but didnt wow me which is why only 4 stars .
slow cheap and mediocre skip it much better at hummus kitchen and others nearby .
cool little spot always fun and not to expensive love the ceviche but i realy come for the  margs watch out there spicy expect an hour wait but they will call you cell when ready so you can go to bar next door dont expect fancy service .
pizza slices were soggy and doughy low quality cheese and sauce  for little falls i guess .
great mexican food in a warm friendly environment tight communal type seating but very pleasant my shrimp dish  was excellent as was the other dishes ordered you cant go wrong in this place try it once and you will be hooked .
two stars why cant they stay consistent i ordered a pie and calamari last night and both sucks someone please let the owners know they shouldnt cut corners especially since there are other pizza spots to choose from .
margaritas are outstanding here i had  lamb dish and calamari tacos definitely ill comeback again .
you will wait forever to even give your order then wait another lifetime for a glass of water i cant even talk about the food because im still waiting for just my water .
ceviche was excellent as was the chorizo quesadilla tacos were good but the fish tacos missed by high expectations the place is always packed even on our third attempt was given an hour wait time which speaks to its popularity but takes some of the charm away .
good pizza terrible fried calamari you can tell its frozen and been really frozen it takes  to finish 1 ring because its grossly chewey and stale tasting .
amazing place quiet lower east side bar restaurant have to try the jalapeño marguerita it has a bite i forget the meal i had back in march of this year some sort of burrito but it was just flawless .
this place used to be good not sure what happened food is salty pizza is soggy and service is slow and unfriendly will  to try again .
everything was great guacamole superb top shelf margarita excellent and my servers accent is sexy the lighting is beautiful so is the music .
rude waitress sashimi was not fresh at all i worked at a sushi restaurant so i can differentiate fresh toro and old toro fresh toro definitely melts in your mouth old toro doesnt and it has a weird  along with a slightly   .
slightly expensive and no happy hour but i dont care great staff great music and best tortilla soup ive had ever in nyc and i order it at every mexican place i go to seeing if i can find anything better raspberry  yes please .
wasnt impressed spicy crunchy roll had too much sauce on it miso was thick and had a weird texture although it did have a good flavor i will not be back .
great food great drinks great  and good service .
the olive garden of mexican food below mediocre service wasnt bad and the chips were fantastic ambience was fine music is annoying we had to wait 15 minutes for a table and it was not worth it .
great atmosphere attentive staff amazing drinks may take a bit to get a table but worth it if you can take the heat definitely try the grapefruit  margarita .
the nachos  is super tiny and you barely get more than 5  also super greasy and the chips kept breaking because they were so oily service is  was not the first time that i have had unsatisfactory service will not be coming back .
best mexican spot in the city hands down go for the guac and chips and steak tacos and you will not be disappointed also fresh lime margaritas are amazing you may have to wait a little long on most nights but it is well worth the wait .
after hearing great raves and reviews we finally came here well worst ever margaritas dirty glasses salsa was so not tasty and watery and food was horrible so so so disappointed .
waited for about half hour forty minutes it was extremely worth shall be going back again .
disappointed there salsa is not good at all .
came here late on a monday night and it was packed best guac in the city by far really fun atmosphere and delicious jalepeno  very spicy this place is definitely going to be one of my go to spots .
ive been going here for the last year and it seems they change the chef portions are not the same and the quality of the food .
awesome margaritas amazing mole enchiladas i thought it was a little pricey especially seeing as the drinks menu is handwritten on a piece of cardboard overall however great experience .
i got a margarita and a veggie burrito here the margarita was way too salty and i didnt even order salt on my rim my veggie burrito was greasy the rice was bland and the refried beans were burned i wouldnt come back to this place again .
really enjoyed the fish tacos though you definitely need to add some sides if youre hungry quite small chips with salsa and guacamole were excellent the jalapeno and habanero infused margaritas are great for those who love some heat .
food was overpriced and was just okay nothing great service was awful took an hour to get out food after our waiter disappeared after taking our order .
i had the  azteca excellent and the  torta which was highly recommended by my server and it was two thumbs up and a happy tummy ill be back soon .
bland way over priced its no and kind of dirty 55 00 for two basic entrees and a nann bread we drank water give me a break this was our first try and i can think of no reason to ever go back .
barrio chino is fantastic the margaritas are delicious the atmosphere is cool i love their salsa and their food is actually really good coming from a  only con is that it is overpriced .
found this place overpriced for slow service and sub par food reminded me of the  group of hotels food service which is also overly  on  awkward presentation and mediocre taste .
very small so you have to wait to be seated the food is really good and drinks as well the waitress was very pushy i guess because it was people waiting but hey i also had to wait before .
food was very fresh tasting the seasoning was very bland i like my spice and none was evident service was spotty as well .
best mexican in new york everything is great habenero  are amazing def get the steak tacos gauc shrimp enchiladas if you are eating and drinking it gets a little pricey but totally worth it .
heres a short post i will never go back food is not even average prices are very high go to satish palace on bloomfield ave to see what real indian should taste like .
the mexican food here is delicious we had the enchiladas also the bartenders are very nice and they make some pretty  drinks small place so gets crowded easily but definitely a spot to fulfill any mexican food cravings .
if you enjoy over priced beer rude servers and a side of  with your meal then this is the place for you .
best tacos and margaritas in manhattan wish it was bigger but goes with the territory only wish they had more of a reasonable wait time .
it just isnt that good good beer selection good mussels and absolutely horrible sandwich called the horta thought it would work because im a fan of  horta never confuse  with sandwiches .
phenomenal some of the best mexican ive ever had worth the wait great date spot .
saturday afternoon fail absent service food was under seasoned and i saw our servers raw buttcrack cmon buttcrack .
really nice service and laid back environment food was delicious and reasonably priced we had the grapefruit margaritas chips and guac and chicken and steak tacos chips and guac were very very good tacos were good but not amazing ive had better but for the price theyre good .
went last night and ordered fish and chips waiter said they did not serve fish and chips i told him it was on the specials sign fish tasted wrong turns out they made it with tilapia should have stuck with the mussels .
this place is great the food is good and the prices are affordable i loved the grapefruit margarita .
beer options are excellent mussels are severely disappointing .
ceviche was delish tasted so fresh chicken tacos were made well the jalapeno margarita was so  but so good if you like it hot get it make a reservation this place is always busy .
i really really want to like this restaurant but i just cant the staff is very nice knowledgeable and friendly the food is good honestly i just cant  up any enthusiasm .
off the chain snaps fingers .
overpriced we paid 70 for 2 vegetarian entrees and an appetizer it was not worth it .
hands down the best and really only good sitdown mexican ive had in the city this place is good even for san diego .
when we saw they serve fake syrup and charge an extra 2 50 for real syrup we left hello this is a pancake house right just not right why come here then when you can have the wonderful pancakes at  right up the road in e windsor .
very solid menu i love this place its dark and gives you that les feeling youre looking for food is excellent service is attentive definitely recommend .
i keep trying pjs in the new location and it continues to be the worst service the food is decent average breakfast i think 3 xs for the new location is my limit .
hip spot good food great music enchiladas verde is where its at ask for a side of rice bit spicier than your average enchilada .
pizza is decent but thats about it chicken parm was undercooked and atrocious .
an excellent mexican place its cute and quaint and has fantastic margaritas and guacamole its small and doesnt have a lot of seating so plan ahead .
if you call to place a delivery order you are guaranteed to speak to the rudest  nastiest man in the universe .
go there during off hours to get a table the chicken soup and guacamole and chips are amazing i also come here for the margaritas the tacos are decent but i recommend sticking to the soup and chips because they are packed full of awesome flavor .
not good just about edible ambience is poor decor is ugly pizza delicious but the rest of the food was tasteless they charge  too much for tastless food and an unpleasant atmosphere .
food is good fun environment only downside is its hard to get seats .
raw pizza and the sandwiches tasted awful ended up ordering good pizza from juniors instead not the first time this has happened to us we will not be back .
delicious food and a great bar with plenty of tequila and mezcal if you dont want to wait come for lunch its dead during the day .
everything we got was sub par i certainly wont be going back with so many other options in the area also getting there and parking is a pain the way that the road is set up there .
this tiny place is a gem great margaritas of various flavors tacos enchiladas everything my friend and i sat at the bar and really enjoyed our meal and drinks and  with the bartender its a bit hard to find but once you do youll enjoy it .
worst pizza experience ever this place is horrible order dominos or pizza hut is there anywhere in burlington that has good new york style pizza .
yum the guacamole is awesome we all got tacos portions were small but very good beverages were a bit pricy they basically doubled the bill  bucks for lunch for 3 was a little steep with only one drink each get te guacamole its well worth it .
ok pizza ok wings cheap decent .
awesome margaritas and fish tacos .
prix fixe menu plus calamari everything way too salty but the wines helped get over the taste good effort just needs refinement .
im from southern california so typically i cannot stand mexican food here in the city and margaritas are often horrible barrio chino however makes some pretty great food and even better margaritas stop by for lunch lots of room then and prices are pretty good .
dishes were either bland or ridiculously over salted space was loud and cramped no plans to return .
awesome tacos only complaint is that its noisy and there was a really bad smell throughout the restaurant .
food wasnt great theres pretty much nothing beside salad good place for drinks but send not worth the price for food its terrible .
like everything you wish la esquina was and is everything it isnt faves are the guac and the chile with walnut cream sauce try all the flavored margaritas loud cozy and funky on the inside .
 bad food great  selection too expensive i expected more huge selection of ales but almost no  on tap a gingerman by any other name is still a gingerman .
i cant say enough amazing things about this les resto the staff is amazing the margaritas are on point and the steak and mango salad has become a food group all in all you will not be disappointed .
dont ever disagree with the  bartender the service here is horrible arguing with a patron over what a beer should taste like is ridiculous ill never go back to cask  which is a  because it had potential as a place that i would have frequented .
this place has amazing takeout love to eat and the ingredients are fresh .
notorious e g g flying breakfast burrito brothers can i just order breakfast save me the  food names the super hipster rude staff the below average coffee and the average food there are to many coffee  in this town for you to get my business .
loved the  loved chips with dips loved the atmosphere loved everything here .
the food here is cheap and pretty good but the service is terrible the manager is extremely rude i couldnt even believe it i would of come back if it wasnt for her would not recommend coming here cheer up bitch its just bagel sandwiches .
enchiladas verdes and watermelon juice cant think of a better meal to start the day off right .
this food is disgusting i will never eat here again i would advise you to stay away quite honestly i questioned exactly what kind of meat i was eating .
ambience was great as were the tacos al pastor only drawback was the tortillas were slightly  which made them difficult to handle .
maybe im just not into the southern comfort food thing but i see no reason to wait an hour and a half for a table here go to harlem its quicker and tastier .
authentic mexican food and great drinks try the chorizo cheese crisp with a margarita the space is super small so go early sit at the bar to expect to wait a while .
an ok place if you are a  lover however their too traditional comfort food menu really bored me maccheese a lot of fried stuff fatty sauces etc doesnt feel intimate too loud not enough personal space too many people not my cup of tea .
amazing guac amazing pork tacos amazing grapefruit margaritas .
my waiter was sexy thats why he got a good tip not because he was good or anything the food was a heart attack waiting to happen although it was ok i did enjoy my plates pickles for the app but service was very slow .
youre missing out if youve not been here yet really good food some of the best margaritas in the city and attractive staff as well as patrons you may have to wait some to be seated but grab a drink near by worth it .
very loud the service is actually good for the poor space offered to their servers and bus boys but they can only do so much if the restaurant is overrated and the food is just ok .
it would be hard to get better mexican than at barrio chino the food is great the atmosphere is great and the wait staff is friendly make sure to get the tacos .
update after all this i received an email from the restaurant apologizing and to pls call the manager to make another res i called was told the manager was busy and theyd call me back they never did .
it was awesome .
i dont get the hype waited over 2 hours for a table what is the appeal someone please  some light .
great little spot for  and mexican i love the chile  with vegetable and scrambled eggs one star off for 6 dollar  cans thats just not right .
we waited 1 hour for a table the menu is a  paper the food is good but the service terrible overpriced for a not fancy place .
best tequila drinks around its tight inside but if you want good mexican food accompanied by a jalapeño margarita then this is where to go .
absolutely incredible food but it couldnt make up for the absolutely terrible service if youre a restaurant of this caliber your hostesses should have at least a basic understanding of how your restaurant runs and how to treat customers sadly we will not be returning .
best fish taco ive ever had .
i think its a bit overrated service so speedy you kind of feel  food so  heavy you need at least 45 hours to digest it before sleeping i get the concept but its just not for me .
just went back cuz my first visit was great margaritas still stellar but this time around the food wasnt as great still one of the best mexican around and i love the vibe of this cramped little east village gem .
good beer selection but you can get that at george  on the next block the food is decent but over priced for comfort food .
excellent food great service creative dishes and reasonable prices not to mention the people watching is divine .
chicken biscuit came with 2 chicken tenders rather than a single chicken filet sausage gravy was really salty as were the cheese grits that came with the order fried pickles werent the expected slices but were deep breaded   staff were generally friendly but forgetful and slow .
so good we ordered all of the margaritas since we had a big group elderflower  jalepeno  al amazing the salsas are all fresh the tacos are so tasty enchiladas are divine go .
awful food an hour later still feeling ill impossible to find anything on the menu thats not deep fried if youre going to use up this quantity of calories at least the food should be good .
great mexican cuisine .
i dont get all the love pickles mushy no real flavor service mehhh only the rosemary lemonade drink was good the tequila one tasted like sugary cough syrup the food fried fried fried greasy oh a salmon salad or salmon .
i got it here probably the best elderflower margarita ive ever had yum but dont come here for the service the lady in charge is seating seriously has issues with communication but the bartenders are super friendly .
unfortunately we had a very bad experience raw bloody chicken forgotten orders totally discombobulated would definitely skip it .
yes run dont walk this place is great i recommend the very strong mojitos unless youre an alcoholic these drinks are  just look at my face it tells the story .
i agree with with  and her  the drink was subpar expensive and all ice take the ice out and youre left with a shot not a cocktail plus they werent strong read weak and tasted mediocre cant wait to not come back .
i love this place great food great people good music mojitos are awesome .
you can chew their seafood forever and swallow the whole piece still pork chops were dry the  ordered as rare came welldone with at least  of it being pure fat the service was good as were side items such as bread .
food is quite enjoyable super hipster vibe the whole place was lit by 4 candles when i went at 1230 am doesnt look like much from the street so its easy to walk past .
the food was ok could have used more flavor it has a nice decor but just ok overall .
mmmmm i love this place everything is good the guac the  the steak the only bad thing is that its always crowded .
 special panini not so special bland with wrong bread choice lentil soup had no flavor .
great tacos and margaritas would go back for sure a must for mexican .
i was a little disappointed with the food here i heard a lot of good things from friends so i checked it out the portions were small although reasonably priced and were rather bland neat environment though and unlimited coffee is always a plus .
this place has the best margaritas and bartenders in all of new york .
the food is good but my wife  the place a bit on the dirty side it is a small place but worth a try if you are not bothered by dust give it a try .
love the food love the drinks love the service love the atmosphere it doesnt get better than this ladies and gentlemen .
the food menu is short and weird and with so many other bars in philly there is nothing impressive about this one at all .
best mexican in les .
was there over an hour and no one would take our food order asked for the check and when that didnt come we finally had to leave money for our drinks and go .
great food reasonable prices worth the wait i would especially recommend the mango salad and the guacamole i will be back .
somehow this place  got on the food network its terrible soup out of a can lousy fries greasy sandwiches go elsewhere yelpers whatever you heard about this place being great for vegetarians was all lies its only attractive to people who lack taste buds .
yummy tacos chill vibe top shelf tequila .
had the meatloaf and it was frozen and then microwaved the brussel sprouts were hard and very undercooked been in philly for a month now and this was the worst meal i have had and i ate mcdonalds once .
this place is my obsession if youre looking for great mexican food look no further not the greatest for large groups but regardless its amazing recommend recommend .
food poisoning from the traditional burger obviously they dont give enough attention to their kitchen hygiene the taste of the burger wasnt bad but the  gi infection was would avoid this place entirely .
consistently solid food service and drinks great decor super cool vibe and really reasonable get the enchiladas they never disappoint im here a few times a year whenever the craving hits .
never made it past the hostess she was so rude we decided to leave and vowed never to return .
amazing food jalepeno margarita and prices watch for waiting periods which could be upto 2 hours on a weekend but worth the wait food and drinks .
food is good but the staff is among the worst in the city if you dont know the secret  fellow hipster they ignore you or are just snarky there are better places to get a burger and a beer .
homemade chips heavenly guacamole specialty margaritas hip crowd and a buzzy atmosphere after my disappointing visit to casa mezcal i happily  back to this  spot just around the corner the wait is loooooong but well well worth it .
ive been here about 2 times and was never really impressed both times ive had to wait a long time to for a server and when i finally received some service the staff hasnt been too friendly .
love this place great food music service its such a cute spot small quaint the drinks are yummy as well perfect lil date spot or get together with a small group of friends .
food terrible  of classic staples with terrible execution good service is the only thing keeping this from being a onestar review but who needs bad food served to them well .
habanero and tequila are enough for this tedious old fool to put up with a room full of  .
what a disappointment after all the reviews i was expecting much better atmosphere was why i gave 2 stars food eh not very creative service was ok .
excellent service finest tequila and margaritas highly flavorful eats absolutely lovely thanks guys .
no liquor wtf this brunch was not as great as it couldve been .
great margaritas loved the classic mojito and jalapeno one very good salsa i must come back and try other entrees .
its just ok .
yes drinks are good but the squid tacos are off the hook .
food was nothing special i love cheese but i was disappointed with their mac and cheese the menu needs variety i had their roasted ravioli and it was dry i liked their grilled cheese sandwich service was good but i dont think i will return .
amazing margaritas try the grapefruit margarita hard to get a table but totally worth it great music .
pretty disappointed considering the hype food seems intentionally bland not bad but draft beer selection limited and gimmicky good service not likely to return there are much better ways to drop 75 on a date in astoria .
between their tacos  chips and salsa and margaritas seriously they have my heart i prefer to go for lunch instead of dinner mostly due to the crowd that they attract .
 spendy and  .
authentic and great mexican food with good drinks .
we had two sandwiches mac and cheese and the specialty sodas the sodas were good the rest were mediocre i spent  with tip not worth it sorry .
only reason not to review is so that it doesnt get tooooo popular but it deserves to be so fantastic drinks food atmosphere .
22 for a grilled cheese and a beer 1 the sandwiches were on the small side 2 the sandwiches were tasty 3 only vegetarian options available which  should bring the cost down 4 22 for a grilled cheese and a beer it hurts .
best guacamole ive ever had for me that alone is grounds for a 5star review add in amazing margaritas strawberry w vanilla infused tequila mmm and delicious enchiladas verdes and im set totally made up for the 1 hour wait on a wednesday night .
got the french toast covered in cornflakes with bananas in the middle seemed promising but unfortunately flavorless the cornflakes take away the flavor of the toast and made it bland the  burger and fries were okay perhaps the panini sandwiches will be good service was good though .
ive been a fan of this cute little spot for some time theres always a wait so either go early or late either way its worth it tasty tacos guac you name it and the price is perfect .
food is good but the young waitress has an attitude what ever you do drink the old coffee because if you say something youll get the check before a refill .
a fun vibrant and busy atmosphere where you get to know the strangers aside you making the food that much more exciting great food real people and awesome margaritas worth the wait .
the food is very good but dont ever get delivery each time we order from here it takes over an hour to get here we are 10 blocks from the restaurant when the food gets here over an hour later something is usually wrong with the order .
the restaurant is small but very nice atmosphere would not recommend for groups larger than 8 food and beverage both very good i only wish the restroom were a bit better lit i would definitely go back .
not that impressed with the food here got the  gyro the table where we sat had a vent that blew on my food the entire time my gyro got cold before i could finish it .
great little place excellent taco al pastor good drinks reasonable prices .
delivery is not the way to go unless you dont mind getting food different from what you ordered i have ordered the same thing on three different occasions and got three different items details people details and oh yeah the hummus use it to tile your bathroom .
excellent food quick service good atmosphere .
this place has terrible customer service delivery man called me practically screaming to come downstairs to get my delivery he was so rude we cancelled the delivery dont order from here .
food is amazing staff is great i love this place .
gyro was good fries cold spinach warm sent them back cook microwaved them fries now soggy spinach boiling hot one star for the greek lady space is well lit and nice but one star or less for customer service youre no  another   .
i cant  for the food but the atmosphere and drinks were great if you like heat i recommend the habanero infused tequila i also recommend the grapefruit margarita .
hey greek lady whatever nasty substance you use to cook your home fries in stop using it .
i dont even want to talk about how good this is i dont want you to go in fact dont .
i went here for breakfast and it was fine my greek omelette was a little greasy as were my potatoes the whole wheat toast probably came from a bagged bread full if preservatives it was a good price and convenient but ive definitely had better .
i love this place only wish they would either take reservations or expand alas if it were bigger it wouldnt be so swell so take reservations .
its soso its odd ordering and taking a big number to sit on my table the gyro plate is average the meat was what you would expect fast food style its pretty reasonably priced but the staff is sort of in their own world .
love this place best guacamole ive had in the city the carnitas tacos with pineapple are so yummy its very lively and though small and quaint you definitely feel a great ambience here everyone from the host to the bartender was very attentive and welcoming .
i would normally give this place 5 stars but was just told they no longer make off menu items like gyro meat in omelets wtf its a greek restaurant what poor business insight hell thats lack of insight totally disgusted .
love this place tuna was amazing the price is right .
after hearing folks rave about it for months i tried this place today it was ok not a bad pita but nothing to write home about nice looking place with ok prices but there is better about .
bomb guacamole tiny spot which gets crowded quickly but the competent friendly staff keeps it together and the big open windows give it an  claustrophobic vibe reasonable prices for the  spicy jalapeno lime margarita seals the deal check .
had a chicken cheese steak that was mediocre at best the honey mustard they have has too much mayo in it and it is not good .
late night mexican food at its finest my  margarita was yummy so was my spicy chorizo quesadilla i will definitely come back here on a regular basis service a .
awful place mgmt is the worst food isnt great completely over rated plenty of better places in  than this spot .
cool spot i am hooked on the jalapeno margarita and nachos check it out it is hard to find a spot in this small spot .
pitiful getting far too big for its own  cover after midnight for a dj ridiculous this place has always thought its waaaaay better than it is mix of drunk eastern european  in track suits hipsters and  wow glastonbury has come a long way not .
while the tacos are pretty average the sopa azteca guacamole and specialty cocktails are fantastic its been my favorite spot to eat and watch the world cup earlier breakfast hours but getting a table in the  can be really tough i also recommend the brunch menu .
dont waste your money go downstairs to plan b or across the street to  their atmosphere is way better and a lot cheaper 25 neat glass of jameson thats ridiculous i was not impressed and wont be returning .
great place for a group if you have 8 you can reserve one of the tables casual mexican .
i was very disappointed with the service and would not go back we waited 45 mins for our appetizers and another 30 for our entrees i think the food is overpriced for what you get .
cute delicious never had anything here that was anything but amazing the hot margaritas are in fact hot so watch out also the mole sauce is so good i walked there in basically a blizzard a couple weeks ago totally worth it .
awful third ring of hell kind of awful .
i love everything about this restaurant the enchiladas verdes is one of the best mexican dishes ive had the margaritas are fabulous and the vibe is downtown chill its often pretty hard to get a table but that makes it all the more special .
good atmosphere nice place to have a drink outside in the evening however parking is impossible waitstaff was rude a little courtesy would go along way .
i cant say enough about this place as a mexican girl from cali this place as good as it gets for real mexican food in nyc i love the food here .
cold overly doughy and just all around disappointing glad the prices were reasonable so i didnt waste my money on this place i will however never get that 4 back .
spicy  margarita i love you .
bad dumpling house ever try sour spicy soup tasted just like soy with spicy also too salted dumpling over cooked services bad they just want you to make purchase unhappy experience to this place .
best fish tacos ever be sure to ask for salsa missing a star for the steep prices three tiny tacos for 9 .
super cheap super quick super salty dramatically salty absurdly salty  salty .
what better way to start the night off than with fresh grapefruit margaritas and chips with guacamole and spicy salsa by seven oclock this tiny les den will be at  so do like we unknowingly did the other night and arrive fifteen minutes prior .
msg  super affordable not very authentic flavors its close to work and thats the reason for a star .
they serve the best fish tacos ive ever eaten and make a great margarita bonus when theres a wait the host will take down your phone number and call you when your table is ready so that you can go grab a drink around the corner .
i had the boiled vegetarian dumplings which were bland and much too doughy there were a few other vegetarian options including the vegetable pancake and peanut noodles that i didnt try .
yummy drinks and food nothing else to say except the wait can be a little long at times but i guess thats because the drinks and food are so yummy .
cabbage and pork dumplings were greasy and cold had to use imagination to believe there was any pork in the greasy pork wonton soup the chicken mushroom and cabbage dumplings were pretty good but not good enough to make me want to come back .
went there for late night drinks great music lovely seating and ambiance and drinks that are not overpriced it wins .
tasty greasy and they charged for stuff that was then left out of my order might repeat .
barrio chino is so warm and intimate it makes you feel  we made a stop there on the way home last night and had margaritas and a  bowl of guacamole at the bar well be back soon for dinner .
what is the big deal here i got some mushy yet greasy dumplings i watched the chef touch them with his hands when he out them in the  and i felt ill after i ate them i wont be going back .
went there for dinner on a weeknight around 8 and surprisingly got a table fairly quickly the enchiladas verdes were incredible and actually quite a bit of food for the price the guacamole was delicious as well .
too much grease and overwhelming taste of cheap pork in all their dumpling honestly dont know what the high reviews are about .
spicy grapefruit margaritas are my happy hour favorite goes well with the steak sandwich i live down the street and am always grateful if theres a spot open .
eek dont go out of your way for this one the menu is very similar to the cheap dumpling spots in chinatown that i love and often survive off of but the quality cleanliness service and overall execution is disturbingly  .
so freakin cute but make sure to make a reservation before you go the soup and the pollo tacos are so good .
nice experience but the food was not very impressive the  my friend ordered was okay my steak was awful .
i love this place great vibe wonderful  and amazing food the calamari tacos are fabulous and the guacamole is some of the best in nyc .
meh the one vegetarian option was not good the calamari was also not very good .
definitely worth going to very good food but the drinks are overpriced go anyway you will like it .
overpriced sandwich oyster po boy had 3 oysters in it on a large hoagie disappointed to say the least .
one of my fav neighborhood haunts everything on the menu is great first timers should try enchiladas verdes and wash down with margarita or caipirinha no reservations and its always packed suggest getting there early bf 730 .
pros friendly attentive staff cons no more happy hour special cash only byob bottom line you can do better without  too far .
its really good place to chill when its not so busy i had a lovely birthday brunch here the only downside was it was a bit crammed for a group of 14 you must order a  and is pure decadent .
we recently went and the pizza has taken a turn for the worse much better option is dough up bloomfield avenue .
this place is great in every way id go on but i dont have the energy to write out everything that rocks about this spot .
nice looking place with that said the service was very poor waited 15 for the waiter to bring wine glass when done with our salads the plates remain on our table till we ask for a check .
the tacos are delicious affordable and delicious the steak tacos tender strips of beef a taste of cilantro and a generous helping of sliced avocado are fantastic the atmosphere is very les crowded with hipsters and beautiful people not my cup of tea but your results may vary .
too much sauce on the pizza the cheese wasnt fully melted and the crust was soggy theres a better pizza option not too far away .
my favorite mexican in nyc delicious drinks .
i have been to ah  many times and always had a great  but yesterday changed my mind food was not memorable and the service sucked i wont be returning after yesterdays visit .
yummy food steak salads guac and the fresh strawberry and crepe desert relaxed communal atmosphere not for those that dont mind bumping into your neighbor and fresh tasty drinks make for a happy night out .
good food too expensive not worth the .
check plus for awesome mole sauce diverse and exciting drink options written on cardboard menu cute cozy atmosphere with fun vibe check almost minus for long wait getting rushed away from the table to make room for next group slightly acidic guac extremely strong caipirinha pricey .
must have had an off day on sunday could not  simple request when pizza arrived cold they argued that it wasnt i left will not return .
great authentic food but the wait was ridic .
food is good i like te rice balls as an appetizer the pizza is really good however the service not so much the wait staff all stand around the front door and gossip you always feel like all eyes are on you wont be back anytime soon .
amazing black plum margarhitas the enchiladas verdes were also very tasty crowded and small but the place has a good vibe i remember it being a bit pricey though .
went again flavors still  but pizza was cold makes no sense considering comes out of 900 degree oven i was pissed .
very cute place i will definitely go back for their amazing drinks my suggestion is to get a bunch of appetizers and skip the mains .
the good nice fresh salads great goat cheese fritters the bad pizza was cold service was  and unprofessional food was extremely overpriced not worth the money or a second try .
yummy food good prices cozy atmosphere i especially like the ceviche and the enchiladas de mole .
the pizza was wet expensive and long to come the waiter was hard to find and then did not want to hear that we did not like the pizza the owners were nice but should watch the waiters in the back room i will not be back .
barrio chino is awesome because tasty cheap mexican food excellent drinks my fave is the fresh grapefruit margarita amazing guacamole spicy salsa and chips great tacos and shrimp dishes beautiful waitress and cool bartender cool vibe .
i dont understand the wow factor to me it was just ok nothing to write home about i love the oven they use but the flavor was lacking that flavor just a very small selection of pizza only pizza or flatbread i would skip this place sorry .
amazing food drinks .
do not order the arroz con pollo or paella bland and served at room temperature .
i am always down for great mexican food and i have found another great find in ny great margaritas i got the strawberry vanilla margarita yummy guacamole and the drunken shrimp dish is so delicious its crowded but the food and drinks are definitely worth it .
if you like bad service come here well maybe it is more like no service and being ignored .
i love this place mojitos are awesome so are the margaritas theyve got an interesting variety i never ever thought id like  style food in new york but  know apparently this is also a favorite of the  daughter .
the food is surprisingly better than expected here however the service needs to be improved every single time i go and sit outside they basically forget about you food is one thing but if the service isnt good forget it .
mexican food with chinese ambiance love this place small intimate seating great ambiance dark really good food friendly service long wait if you get there too late and known for phenomenal jalapeno margaritas order one .
not impressed veggie burger was mostly breading and my fries were burnt my husband described his huevos rancheros as weird would not come back for food yuck .
this place is great nice simple decor exposed brick walls cool wooden bar excellent grapefruit margaritas i could drink those all night unfortunately i wasnt hungry but had the guacamole which was excellent and the ceviche was quite good as well .
mediocre food better atmosphere since renovation but still doesnt know what kind of bar it really is real closing time is  not 2am they wont let you in .
no matter what you order the food is great ive tried many sandwiches and have not been disappointed as mentioned before by another user the bread can be kind of hard on the teeth otherwise it is a goto sandwich stop for the area .
fish and chips are mush sorry to be so blatant but they do not care about food they care only about serving alcohol they would not give me water .
had a eggplant fresh mozz roasted pepper and a slice of proscuitto on a roll they definitely have some of the best italian cold cuts in the area .
dont eat here you will get sick try talking to the manager and youll get nowhere .
best deli in montclair yummmm .
ive walked past  many times on my way to and from the  and always thought hey i should stop in there sometime well sometime came and i was unimpressed looks like ill keep walking on by .
i feel ashamed for the fact i have not left a review for belgiovines before if you find yourself in montclair and you are hungry head here you wont regret it .
service great beer list impressive food  dont put  on a menu if i can get it better for 12 the price at the grocery store go for beers with  list is nice and bar snacks okay but i wouldnt bring a date or family .
delicious sandwiches and prepared food love the  special and the homemade cavatelli with broccoli .
meh fall cosmos on the menu but they dont seem to have them beer seems a bit pricey i wouldnt refuse to go here but i wouldnt suggest it .
this is one of the best italian delis around the finest quality meats great service and superb selection as good as it gets a .
bland food overpriced ridiculously slow service too dark for the day time thats it .
ordered the masterpiece sandwich and it was on point next time i will try the same sandwich but with fried eggplant rather then have it grilled super clean and professional establishment with authentic italian products .
pros nice scenery food is decent cons have to wait for a table waiters dont speak good english overall it looks better from the outside and is overpriced for what it is .
awesome sandwiches fresh great quality and so yummy .
in my opinion this place is one of the worst  experience of my life its not a place where i would visit again surprisingly though it was packed when we dined last night sorry its just 2 s for you .
my go to sandwich place in montclair they even make their own mozzarella an old school italian deli that is a  .
they dont take reservation on lunch time we walked in they tell us its gonna take an hour therefore we say in there for 45 minutes then they tell us we may not make it cool staff you have there .
the sandwich shop in montclair huge sandwiches which are delicious and even when theyre busy they give great service they also have a great selection of pastas and italian specialties to cook at home highly recommended .
nothing about the food is special none of the dishes are memorable i guess maybe it attracts people for the cheaper prices i do not understand the hype at all .
absolutely great sandwiches and tons of other prepared foods and italian specialties that are delicious my only suggestion would be that they change their bread  to  then it would be 5 stars .
horrible food what a disappointment frozen food just microwaved would not go to this place again .
prosciutto and mozzarella are the best i have ever had fast service delicious almost buttery cheese and meats and reasonable prices make this my favorite place for a good sandwich .
i called ahead for a 9pm reservation upon arriving i was somewhat  to eat here because of the b health department grade but that didnt matter since they no longer had my reservation i do not recommend this place .
best italian sub ive ever had whenever ive been out of town for a while one of my first stops when back is belgiovines for a super combo with hot peppers also great for handmade pasta and entrees seriously great stuff .
horrible service i was treated like shit im never going back and wouldnt recommend it food is not even that nice .
great italian themed sandwiches very good quality and flavor meatballs and chicken cutlets are good nice italian deli antipasti little market with specialty italian stuff and frozen italian meals and pasta too .
it was fine nothing amazing service was good and the food was pretty good just not the usual sushi i was expecting and it was very rice heavy .
its all covered in other reviews fantastic sandwiches and irresistible home made and  products great bunch behind the counter you must try the place .
mcdonalds here sucks the manager looks disheveled the staff members are rude a bacon  meal will cost you 10 10 do yourself a favor and exit into a local  and save yourself a couple of bucks .
best deli around love the fresh mozzarella love the service love the prepared foods .
standard .
if you are a chicken and you die to become a cutlet from  your death is honored  and you served a purpose in life seriously a chicken cutlet sandwich from this place with fresh mozzarella cheese is heavenly service was very friendly too .
well located for a service plaza right off the road .
i purchased pumpkin ravioli for a dinner party holy smoke it was just the best ravioli ive ever tasted stuffed really full of a  filling and the pasta was  flavored it doesnt get much bettter than this .
is it possible for a restaurant to be both soulless and good i didnt think so either zinc is the culinary equivalent of kelly  .
we stop in here for their fresh and frozen pastas great stuff at great prices lots of variety cant be beat .
this place is so overpriced i ordered scallop with risotto and the risotto tasted aweful even though i told the waiter but he didnt changed the dish and said they were out of food lame stupid excuse absolutely disappointed .
nice clean polite reasonably priced the pizza was great we also had the philly roll which was really good enjoyed .
first time last time at zinc food ok didnt need the wine lesson from the 20 something year old arrogant owner ill be sure to share this with my colleagues downtown thumbs down .
weve been coming here for 6 years 5 stars for great customer service reasonable price a great selection of pizzas pastas get a white slice sprinkle some crushed peppers and ask no questions .
yuck not yuck as in bad but yuck as in this is what i eat at home when i feel very lazy i e paying for this kind of food is retarded .
great deals and delivery is fast the delivery guy was cute too .
wouldnt recommend this restaurant to anyone food overpriced for the quality .
great wraps fries and soups everyday there are specials happy with the service and nyc deli feel .
i had some pretty bad fried rice and pie here the restaurant was beautiful great service i just wish the food was better .
good honest place the staff was friendly and helpful the 2 dishes that my wife and i were very tasty and reasonably priced .
taste was not well balanced and the fried spinach was extremely oily it was overpriced mediocre food .
incredible great value and quality the chicken is made with real chicken same w all the meat great ingredients make great food and this place does just that .
really didnt like this place i got this funky risotto that was actually inedible and i eat everything for a price like this you can go to a much better restaurant in new haven .
i love their food anytime i have to stay late in the office or work over the weekends i would definitely order here the price is right the  is quality and delivery is fast im glad i found another chinese restaurant away from home that i enjoy .
overpriced scallops underdone presented swimming in huge amounts of sauce which also overwhelmed the accompanying risotto a remarkably poor showing add to this the rushed and perfunctory service and i would suggest giving zinc a miss .
came here for my engagement dinner with family and ate outside the servers are just magnificent and the food is perfection one of the if not the best restaurant ive been too helped me appreciate quality food and an experience when eating out .
had some selections from the menu special the soup was fine but the stir fried shrimp and rice had a sauce that was too strong and seemed to spoil it dessert  parfait was good although the green apples were just a bit to sour for me .
every time we go it gets better if thats possible the food the service the place is spectacular we wood put this up against any fine restaurant in nyc .
dont go here for restaurant week at least i got the jumbo shrimp fried rice the rice was too fried and the jumbo shrimp was far far from jumbo the dessert was good though pumpkin parfait the atmosphere was nice but only coupled with a mediocre meal .
superb very fun very attentive staff a 5 star experience in every way the desserts are to die for .
so many great places in the  to eat this is not one of them .
10 stars absolutely amazing a place to come back all menu items were exceptional very knowledgeable personal and  i strongly recommend you to visit this place .
food was not that great ordered the oxtail and chicken and both were very mediocre at best .
amazing service amazing food amazing experience yes portions are extremely small but the taste is incredible totally worth it i will definitely be back .
waste your money here its inexpensive but barely edible inattentive service coupled with chewy ribs and last weeks produce .
best food best ambiance best service reservation is a must a great place for a romantic dinner no private parking but its easy to find a public parking spot will go back .
rice was mushy soup was decent empanadas were mediocre waitstaff was indifferent .
spectacular food wonderful service a great place for a special dinner be sure to make reservations .
theres better options .
my girlfriend took me here for my birthday just awesome service from the  to the table food one word  inside wine store is excellent place to get  on wine selections .
i loved this place because i love me some kabobs but then a  thing happened a couple years ago this place got one of the lowest scores of any restaurant in burlington by the board of health and i got scared .
wonderful night last night celebrating my  anniversary it was the best meal i have ever eaten the staff was great we ate in the garden romantic but not stuffy i highly recommend cafe matisse .
ordered a skirt steak sandwich was cold as hell not sure why im not talking lukewarm because i walked across the street to eat in class it is  cold next time ill walk over to the cambodian truck at least he serves food hot .
food is amazing service is simply outstanding dining experience you cannot be disappointed here .
if overcooked overpriced food is appealing to you this place is for you very small portions for the money and many items look like they were sitting out a very long time ive tried lunch here twice and am unimpressed to say the least .
went here twice both times i was happy w the service food its a nice intimate place for a date the waiters were helpful in helping us w suggestions food is rich w lots of flavors would def come back again .
was here on a weekday morning its attractive and has an attractive clientele my scrambled eggs were chewy and overdone the turkey sausage was like a hockey puck and was served only slightly above room temperature the coffee was ok .
the best french restaurant in nj period amazing wait staff who are all very knowledgeable in the food they are serving great wine store next door byob and the owner is always welcoming you once you open the door great selection of foods and a prixe fixe .
we tried the chinese and thai we where not satisfied with the food but the service is excellent and i would go back again just to try sushi in their sushi bar .
one of mine and husbands absolute favorite restaurants the food is just as amazing as the service when the weather is warm you can sit in their gorgeous outdoor garden truly an outstanding place cant wait for our next date night here .
okay food pizza was bland service was good nice ambiance bathrooms need to be renovated i thought the prices were way too high for what was offered .
i have been going to cafe matisse since i was a little kid and it just keeps getting better  always makes us feel like family and steven is the best peter  is a true  no one in nj is doing anything like matisse .
looking to spend too much money on low quality food and poor service look no further max  is here to help .
best restaurant in nj .
mediocre food pasta dish we had for dinner was virtually tasteless better place to go for lunch salads are good we also had a stone pie the crust was good but thats about it was  down with stewed tomatoes wouldnt eat dinner here again .
anyone that ask me to recommend a restaurant for a special occassion cafe matisse is always on top list wonderful attentive staff terrific decor must sit outside in the summer and the food is top notch .
absolutely horrible from start to finish worst dinning experience in ct service was rude food was under cooked management is not accommodating at all save the trip and go somewhere else did i mention pricey they need to get a clue from surrounding resturants .
 great place very but actually worth it the atmosphere is  and romantic if you go here definitely make the burger one of your choices because it rocked the best way to describe the food is bursting with intense flavor you will not leave unsatisfied .
over all disappointed since i  trying this place out its a  you may enjoy it not a place i would try again .
outstanding little gem with small dining room and fabulous nyc quality dishes the tasting menu was fantastic with just the right amount of food to leave you full as a byo the next door wine store is very convenient .
ordered french toast eggs benedict and english muffin sandwich all are  but considering the price expensive and quantity i can give only two stars .
one of our favorite restaurants in nj food is sometimes a bit  but overall experience and taste is  .
crazy overpriced for  dinner portions i dont even eat that much food but this was sad i think the veal was 6 thin  deli slices of lamb over some greens we had to go to another food location to fill up .
foodies rejoice if you havent tried this place youre missing out its cozy romantic and the food is unique call weeks in advance for a reservation and be prepared to pay more than 200 per couple well worth it mj .
been here twice the  at this place is not something i would write home about no plans of going back again .
so enchanting food is yummy and very attentive staff .
this is a pretty nice space but the food was not up to par the pasta was undercooked the cheese plate was uninteresting and the best thing about the recommended swordfish appetizer was the sauce .
what an experience a must for anyone who loves the art of food .
i have always loved this place until tonight horrible service drinks not available pasta just soso extremely long wait for dessert i probably wont go back .
outstanding one of my all time favorites service ambiance and food is amazing great place for a special occassion byob .
a  small place but def kitchy nice bar scene with good looking people service was a bit weak and the food was subpar very salty and uninspired would maybe come back for a drink only .
love the place excellent food great selection of wines and superb service i will go back for more .
its a shame food was decent hostess was extremely pretentious for such a small restaurant its amazing how long things take to get to you wouldnt recommend or go back .
where do i even begin the best hole in the wall restaurant always get a bocadillo what this place is known for if you feeling  the entrées are a great option as well love love love this place .
not thrilled with the food or the waitstaff .
empanadas out of this world grilled shrimp salad juicy great cuban place and homey if youre around the area a regular now .
the food is average and overpriced same with the cocktails the service is poor  why some people like this place we will not be back .
holy crap mind blown everything i had was spot on must try this place .
the food was good the portions were small i had two entrees and dessert and left hungry all for 100 bucks .
very good restaurant a personal favorite for me and my girl good food good ambiance .
tried this place a few times and was never impressed this last time made me wanting to write a review service is unprofessional and super slow pizza is salty and has no flavor tiramisu looks like a pile of shit very unappetizing .
good cuban food in the area place is just a bit too small easily gets packed .
i had big expectations of this place however the seafood pasta i ordered was very plain very pasta on one side and seafood in the other the dish was not  .
best cuban restaurant i have ever been to in 2 years food mojitos were fresh and delicious cant wait to go back .
the floors are dingy and they have a balsamic vinegar sauce theyre very proud of  pizza everything else worse .
not too expensive amazing cubano sandwich and very friendly staff plantains were great too .
this place sucks they pride themselves on pizza the pizza is nothing great and very overpriced i love nutella so i got the nutella pizza and that sucked too i ended up just licking off the nutella not worth the long wait at all .
just get the pork shoulder please trust me on this drinks are high alcohol and good services is great guacamole was very good simple authentic food .
our waitress was wonderful but the lack of ac in the dining room made dining at this café a terrible experience the food was mediocre and the wait long as well .
great food .
came here for breakfast even though the restaurant was empty still had to wait over 50 minutes to get served i finished my coffee as it was going service isnt that great .
great brunch deal for 10 95 u have a choice from about 12 entrees and 3 drink choices low noise level and atmosphere is very cozy make sure they cook your eggs though mine were way undercooked .
very popular restaurant in princeton reservation is not accepted service is not good and not attentive and as the matter of fact quite slow food is decent but it does not justify the cost i really think it is overrated .
great food at very decent prices always goes here when im in nyc this is the cafecito mojito .
food is good but the service is crap .
location is not the most convenient but still deserves 5 stars because they have the best cuban food in nyc you have to try pollo  .
nice servers but painfully slow food is good but relatively overpriced for the area .
great cuban food new favorite place for cuban sandwiches are amazing plantain apps are perfect with green and red hot sauce go here and get some spicy food to sweat our your hangover .
dinner monday night ive had better pizza the menu is very limited and only after ordering i found out that i could custom order a pizza the service was good but overall it was a little over priced .
solid food had cafe com leche maduros skirt steak good atmosphere .
bad lasagna today dry almost burnt just not up to their usual standards  penne  wasnt as good as usual either but she was more satisfied than i was with my  overcooked lasagna .
mojitos are the best here .
long waits at lunch slowest service ive had in my life been here 1 hr still no food food was tasty nothing special .
one of the best  in town and for that price hello great atmosphere and love the live music on some nights weekends could be a long wait but the yummy food is definitely worth it the sangria and mojitos are my drink of choice here .
ive eaten here twice while passing through princeton and dont really understand the raves food was ok but not great im not planning on a return visit .
came here for dinner with my friends on a saturday night we waited for about 30mins for a table i had the chilean sea bass which was the special of the night and it was so juicy and tender go try it out .
i truly wish they could keep a rating very scared to eat at a sushi restaurant that cant maintain that .
best cuban ive found in nyc i no longer miss living in south florida .
bad although the sushi was ok the salmon that i ordered was like jerky and the shrimp dish my wife ordered was over cooked and chewy when we told staff she just said oh ok no offer to correct stay away from there .
nearly as good as mamas cooking love the vaca frita and the  here .
overpriced mediocre sushi in staten island .
the food and desert were fantastic the flavors were really special and the portions were generous and just right the server was friendly too .
this place has many   my friends rehearsal dinner was planned for an evening but the manager seemed to think that it was cancelled wouldnt most places call the hosts to confirm luckily the farmhouse was extremely accommodating and in all  better .
i was in the neighborhood looking for a good restaurant with low expectations but i was happily surprised amazing camarones al ajillo .
bland food slow service thought i would give it a second chance but it is not worth it .
fried chip plantain w the garlicky sauce thats the jam ceviche was meh too watery ropa vieja is good almost panini like crispy flat good and the churrasco was good .
not worth the hype honestly cant understand why it always so busy if your looking for great breakfast the affordable go to henrys or  .
good good food the chicken  is a great plate .
food is edible but uninspired the managers seem  this place does not compete with other popular breakfast lunch places in burlington like penny cluse and  im a local and i avoid this place because of its reputation as just not that great .
really great  special of the day but definitely recommend  the chimichurri sauce on the side to pair .
i have given  guys far too many chances between poor service rotten meat and under cooked pancakes im done .
this place was first recommend to me by a bunch of cuban friends of mine from miami very authentic cuban food and super cheap the breaded steak is  at its finest .
food is way overpriced go to mcdonalds before coming here much better food for a lower price service is also incredibly slow for not being that busy so if you want an interminable wait for the privilege of paying 12 bucks for a burger this is the place .
nice lighting very cozy spot quick and genuinely nice service had the camarones  with a strawberry margarita and it was awesome well made drinks lastly left a 21 tip .
corn in a shepards pie says it all nice effort but far from authentic irish food .
great happy hour customer service i like the atmosphere no fuss laid back their food is good too solid cuban order the churrasco .
its 10pm on a sat night and its turned into club hoboken theres guys walking around in security shirts with  and someone else counting people i find it hard to believe that a pub in  works this way .
wonderful coffee friendly staff i will return .
nice atmosphere but not worth the money for what your getting .
delicious cuban food try their garlic dipping sauce with literally anything they have  would eat this stuff .
if you want to be able to speak to the person across from you dont go here im 26 .
i live down the street from this place and it is great good food and great service .
we had a few complaints the service was incredibly slow crudo was room temp grilled octopus was cold main dish was just ok legal sea foods is better also  is a byob we wont be going back .
delicious food and great service at a reasonable price easy to get a table very laid back and casual atmosphere shared the churasco which was awesome and  de pollo which was a good chicken dish but not as tasty as the churasco definitely worth checking out .
overpriced and the fish especially bronzino and lobster sliders were terrible definitely a no no .
best cuban food in the city if you love  food this is the place to go i ate brunch there it was very tasty and well seasoned for brunch i got the skirt steak i am looking forward to go to dinner there .
thursday night food good noise deafening .
awesome little spot i like the bar decor friendly staff drinks food good atmosphere oh and to finish up the scene love the bollitos and for any  you know the actual  to bollitos  try this place once and you will be back .
this place is horrible point blank end of story the food was so bad i couldnt finish it and the service just as bad .
skirt steak was perfect good rice and tasty beans very good service would return and try other dishes .
the  are  card  on  dont function well repeated entries time consuming  for blah overpriced food  a true upgrade for ewr dining yet to be seen .
this is hands down the best cuban food ive had in nyc having lived my entire life in miami i have been on a search to find good cuban food everywhere and i finally did delicious .
one of the  dinning concepts ive ever seen  an ipad to the table so that there isnt room for the plate and force you to tip when you order food was good but the service and experience left much to be desired .
great food great desert great drinks all at a decent cost loved the music and setting of the place and if you checkin via your phone through the yelp app you get a free drink  meal  cant complain ill be back .
yes this may be my first one star sat down and was ignored they have an ipad ordering system i couldnt work no one is interested to be avoided .
the food is always delicious my favorites are  de cuba a variety of appetizers churrasco the steak with chimichurri is excellent camarones al ajillo shrimp with garlic sauce is yummy everytime i eat there it brings me back to   colombia colombia como te  .
i only reason why i gave it 2 stars is that the service was good but the food was not so good i will not be going back .
great food especially the pork shank and the calamari best experienced in summer when the windows are open and the street is a bit more alive .
ate here twice forced to get delivery once always lackluster pale  food unfriendly management staff overpriced breakfast sandwiches bacon egg cheese on a bagel 8 dollars yeah right hoping that i wont be forced to return .
excellent best vaca fritas ive had outside of miami .
 about how warm it was to waiter and hostess hot day entry ac on full blast they couldnt care less weak powdered tea soggy panini too bad its attractive inside more comfortable booths than when it was the  wont go back .
good .
a nice place for a casual brunch nice parmesan biscuits with sausage gravy and the french toast which i thought was delicious unfortunately it was uncomfortably warm inside the place even though we were sitting away from the open kitchen .
holy cow the flank steak is amazing also unbelievable tostones and maduros super fast service too the tres leche cake was average though .
the place was very very loud definitely not intimate for a date night the portion size was inadequate .
kind of cramped but we were happy overall with our meal its been a couple of months and i havent felt any strong  to return but i might remember it if i was in the neighborhood .
good service and nice space but seriously small portions be prepared to drop around 150 for 2 people and still feel a little hungry entrees were appetizer size food was nothing special wont be back .
we came here with a group of 7 that expanded to a group of 8 they set up a great table for us were so accommodating and nice service was just the right pace perfect for the getting together with a group of friends without breaking the bank .
smelled bad in here small portions my steak was way too charred and had an offputting gray color to it husbands pasta special was mediocre my drink was ridiculously strong and wasnt filled to the top major   bright spot was olive oil cake .
delicious and inexpensive food weak drinks nice ambiance and friendly service will definitely be back and stick to beer instead .
not bad just uneven on three visits it was all over the place some excellent crudo some eh same goes for pasta .
i grew up eating cuban food and the picadillo at this place blows away all of the home made stuff ive had it doesnt get better than this best picadillo ive ever had .
while the food is always delicious the service is  rudest staff ever complete absence of costumer service humanity or class the only reason they are in business is because the clientele has no where else to go .
delicious neighborhood spot yummy food great prices good drinks .
good deals but so freaking loud im not a bitch and i enjoy loud music but damn dude and its all metal i live real close and was happy it opened but man its loud so loud it  and  their speakers damn .
good authentic cuban food and drinks the waitress accidentally spilled water on my friend but he was asking for it .
reservation was pointless our group still had to wait at the bar a tiny table right next to the kitchen for over 30 minutes food was ok small place .
ive been here a few times the food has always been excellent every single bite from the main to the side dish is savory wellpriced cozy atmosphere .
wine was stale tasted like it was opened 2 weeks ago food was so average service terrible server poured water in husbands beer glass granted it wasnt well lit and easy to confuse the two glasses not wasting my money there again .
i love this place you really cant go wrong here ive tried probably half the menu last time i had the crispy flank steak dlicious portions are large and in charge drinks are good as well service has been consistently decent definitely worth checking out .
not good overpriced our food was burned not sure whos writing these reviews our if we were just there on an off night but i wouldnt go back there are lots and lots of better places to eat disappointing .
great little awesome cubano place to go with friends music pretty tasty mojitos awesome .
like the concept but the food doesnt taste very good especially with the high prices also the seating arrangements are too crowded for comfort lastly a simple request like splitting the tab between two credit cards resulted in one card being charged twice .
cuban sandwiches plantain chips tres leche cake with pineapple salsa decently priced cute girl behind the counter yay .
an overly pompous server did not compensate for slowly served expensive mediocrity what a disappointment service was attentive and excellent food was very mediocre almost bland kitchen and courses were slow epic fail .
outstanding cuban sandwich service was fast and efficient id say the total time it took from placing the order to go to walking out with the sandwich in my hands was 8 minutes .
tried twice once for sunday brunch once for friday dinner unimpressed will not go back overpriced and underwhelming left  of decision to eat there .
the mojito was great service friendly windows open to a nice evening food was  and delicious bring cash ugh churrasco was outstanding my breaded steak was fairly good good rice and beans will be back for happy hour and future food .
i had their 65 special salad pasta entree and dessert i didnt like anything .
great cuban food my spot to get a mojito and espresso before my boy  at  black nyc  down some ink on me the empanadas are bangin love this place prices are great when they have happy hour .
overated way expensive snotty waitstaff food not that great .
great value great cuban food great drinks too i recommend the churrasco if its your first time going but dont be afraid everything here is very good and authentic and i love the cuban music sometimes live .
i went there just to check out the place hate it the staff was bored and one of the owners looked as if she sucked  for a living dont go there its just not worth it .
i love this place for take out the food is absolutely delicious the restaurant is nice albeit crowded and loud .
has anyone had a good meal here we just moved into the neighborhood so i thought id give this place one more try i had brunch with raw black beans in my huevos rancheros the coffee was great but that was about as good as it got .
can i get an order of your chicken soup and a cubano delivered to  asap .
mediocre italian food in a ridiculously cramped setting poor service overpriced for what they serve .
i really the the ambiance great churrasco vaca frita their mojito is pretty good too .
no stars one of the most overrated new hipster spots in montclair .
good food good service yummy environment i just wish i didnt have to walk so far to the east side but its probably better for my  since i eat everything in sight there best cafe con leche in the  .
i visited this local place three times and each visit was underwhelming .
great cuban restaurant very good food especially their empanadas and the chocolate cake .
while i am not a fan several of my friends are for me the food is too briny .
great food one of my favorite places in the les its a little cramped but nothing out of the ordinary empanadas are great and the flourless chocolate cake is  every bite mojitos used to be fantastic but theyve gone down hill a bit unfortunately .
definitely a  spot 2 miller high life so those looking for a deal the backyard is nice to hang out in during warm weather months but the inside is just a bit too grimey looking for me .
what a fun place with great food love coming to this place everytime im in new york fun vibe and atmosphere with great food and you dont feel like youre stuck in midtown which youre not .
 a star because of other people that ive met  raved about this place meh just a regular bar with  charm hipster yuppies in the front and out back .
vaca frita holy  good lord everything about this dish was perfect everything i would eat this everyday i love this place i order delivery a lot from here as well one of ave  little gems .
dirty dive filled with no class hipsters .
yum and fun this little cuban joint is a favorite east village spot among my friends the sangria is sooooo good and the food is so flavorful albeit rich .
coffee has gone really down hill no more no more .
rating is for their mojito only verdict delicious and better than  .
for a regular meal whats up with the pretense and bad service .
i really liked their shrimp skewer salad fresh avocado tasty shrimp  with papaya my friends had  and were full the rest of the day .
9 for one piece of bread cut in half with some plain avocado  on top there are too many good places in brooklyn to bother with this completely mediocre and severely overpriced place .
a terrific hidden spot the mini burgers were the best burgers i have ever had my friend had the steak sandwich it came with potato sticks on them the food was sick the wait staff was very good they kept the pitchers of sangria coming all night .
my friend and i both got a bad case of food poisoning from the baked goods on separate occasions cute place but not coming back .
cafecito is incredibly charming the staff is great and we bring all of our visiting friends there for dinner i think ive had one good meal and the rest have been great pulled chicken and the skirt steak are awesome .
its been around for awhile now and though it is adorable and in a great spot i cant love it why because it disappointed my search for the best oatmeal in the neighborhood the oatmeal was cold gummy lumpy and skimpy .
my boyfriend and i absolutely love it here everytime we go back they make us love it even more service is always phenomenal food is amazing and their bomb bomb lager is pretty great too i recommend bomb bombs to everybody i know .
there are many things i love about  cafe but charging 3 for an iced coffee is enough to make me take my business elsewhere even in a market of inflated iced coffee prices three bucks is just insulting .
i came for the barbecue and was not disappointed i ordered the bomber and i got a mountain meat huge portions casual atmosphere and extremely friendly local staff make this place a south philly gem eat at  .
i had the tasting menu which was disappointing the a la carte dishes looked way better the tasting menu was not so inspired but rather bland cant compare with  for example would come back but wont have the tasting menu again .
absolutely the best italian food in philly waitress service is great humble home style feeling in here food is great service is awesome desert is amazing rice pudding gotta try it .
service was really slow the food is better at  sister res around the corner in the hour we did wait for our food we sampled a couple of plates and nothing blew our tastebuds away i will not be going back was not an enjoyable time .
ya have to go on a sat afternoon real deal cooking very friendly 15 table seating .
meh tiny menu nothing that great ive had better everything on this menu elsewhere they were super nice and the bathrooms were lovely .
been here for a few more dinners since and still as great as ever wednesday night definitely check out their 5 mussel bowls best in the city .
wouldnt recommend this bar to anyone drinks were watered down rude subpar bartender loud obnoxious environment overwhelming smell of air  go somewhere else .
dont be fooled but the oldstyle italian feel this place gives off get the ribs theyre ahmazing meaty tender falls off the bone great sauce make sure to get a  beer with your meal worth every penny .
food was cold and the bartender was very rude and not helpful never again .
spaghetti with crab meat is sooooo good mussel is also great the same lady who works there is always super friendly great spot in south philly to sit and just hang out .
average at best good service but few choices on the menu how can you not offer brunch items on the weekend quality of food meh .
famous for its ribs this joint is my favorite philly dive bar enjoyed a beer and a half rack of baby backs while watching the  super friendly place huge portions and great prices beware parking is nonexistent i was lucky finding a spot tonight but not always .
been here twice i want to like it and i cant overpriced bland food i love the other farmhouse restaurants but this would be the last place i would recommend in burlington plan on trying again in a year .
so happy being full and so is the whole family best spaghetti and muscles on earth .
was very disappointed meatballs were hard and pasta sauce not very good great ambience though and had some nice wine .
i enjoy the spicy food and the secret unique flavors really can be difficult to find a seat as the restaurant and bar area is very small worth it if you go .
they closed due to family  and they moved back to italy sooo sad .
basic south philly food the waitresses are friendly but it gets annoying the way they refer to women as girls oh well i like the food ive eaten in the dining room but prefer the bar very relaxed vibe .
horrible actually almost nonexistent service finally got up and left after not being served despite only a handful of customer in the bar .
fun and kitschy decent food and a cool atmosphere this  me as a good destination for a fun date .
awkward set up of the bar drinks were ok food was not so great but then again i cant eat cheese .
wow this place is great the bbq sauce was amazing be warned the servings are very large try the  cake my first time and im a fan .
they overcharged us on happy hour then they give us 20 off which is still more than happy hour prices .
so happy we found this great place close to our home friendly warm service and fantastic food with very reasonable prices you have to get the mussels app they were fabulous and a substantial bowl that served as my dinner p s the  lager is superb .
so disappointed layout is a disaster as is  .
love this place great date night joint foods amazing service was great bouncer has such a welcoming smile tall black guy love dark ambiance and crowd is always chill .
the service was okay but combined with the awful food makes this restaurant a place to miss there are too many other good restaurants in the area to even consider a second trip .
the mac and cheese is fab thats all .
this is a great place to wait an hour for your reservation and 15 minutes for the bathroom despite their best  the food is  .
lively bar with a dozen beers on tap and great cocktail menu friendly and attentive bartender and great atmosphere food looks tasty but didnt order this time great place to hang out .
very disappointed it looks very inviting from the outside upon coming in prices are also inviting however food lacked taste ive tried three dishes and all were bland i guess you get what you pay for .
i must say this place is awesome form the fried pickles to the atmosphere the descent selection of music not too loud so u can still have a descent convo .
horrible placed a delivery the tacos were terrible only one tortilla it was thick and not heated at all the chicken and al pastor meat were tasteless they were also very rude on the phone not impressed .
yum yummy  love all the time love love love it cant wait to pass by and go and eat amazing how this place got semi famous .
i came here on a rush one day i placed the order over the phone for empanadas they were big greasy i didnt like it at all however it was a quick snack so thats that never again .
we have been here a few times love the beer list good quality craft beers very cool ambiance overall a great place to just hang out the staff has always been very friendly plan on going back soon to try more of the food .
to be completely honest i dont usually write reviews but i feel like smothering a bologna sub in mayo and calling it a italian combo is just ughh had to throw away the meal i just paid for this sucks thumbs down and still hungry ick .
we dont have dessert only booze said our waitress possibly the best reply ill ever get from a waitress fried chicken sandwich was delicious fried cheese curds were a win and their booze list is pretty sweet sweet afton can do no wrong .
i have never had worse pizza in my life ever dont ever order from these guys it would be better to starve .
i love this place i love the dark ambiance their food is excellent fried  must try those the mac and cheese was great also and everything else we tried nice happy hour also a gem in astoria .
had great expectations from this place after reading the reviews but was disappointed i definitely have eaten better indian food in philly their nonvegetarian dishes were still better than their vegetarian  .
been to this place twice and i really love the interior but the food is excellent loved their burgers which is  the best in astoria other foods and drinks going back soon to try different food .
really bad food here portions are extremely small and overpriced the only good thing was these cashew fried things they had good flavor but i would never come back here sorry i will find another indian place .
had the sweet afton burger which was really good dimly lit so its great for dates and hanging out pretty small .
some dishes were okay but not great cheap atmosphere inside mexican waiters bath boys were annoying .
this is a very laid back neighborhood bar good drinks good music good bar food tends to get crowded but not to the point thats offputting definitely would recommend for those looking for a fun lowkey night .
very cramped but thats nyc breakfast was very average nothing to write home about we had the  breakfast it was bland and the chickpeas had no flavor the cake we had tasted stale there are better options .
came for brunch a couple of weekends ago and the food was great the service was a little slow but i guess if youre coming for a leisurely brunch thats okay .
i came here for brunch its in a very quite and cute neighborhood its a great spot for outdoor eating however the food itself is very typical and boring brunch food nothing to write home about or worth going to again .
this place is great if you want to seat enjoy a beer and eat really delicious food of course is noisy and the seating rules are sometimes confusing but who cares when you have an incredible house salad .
not very friendly service and poached egg was overcooked so yolk wasnt runny on the eggs florentine which was disappointing .
i went to sweet afton for both dinner and brunch of course their dinner is awesome with great beer and their brunch is also fantastic one of the best burgers and fries in astoria my fav beer is organic peak .
squid ink  w clams was so so and the monkfish special of the night was mediocre at best nothing amazing and not quite a bargain i would suggest venturing elsewhere good service nonetheless .
highly recommend the   beer very very good  wheat ale .
as the amount of stars  meh ive experienced better pasta was not cooked al dente and  in sauce friend had the raviolis which arrived cold in the center and mushy over all on a positive note the flat bread that came with the table was delicious .
ive only every been on the weekends from what i gather its great place to come with a group of friends to laugh unwind be loud strong drinks cool environment attractive bartenders dig it .
i take 3 stars back calamari appetizer was nothing special and gnocchi was made with the same sauce as ravioli bread was old tsk tsk .
i really liked this place the servers are super attentive and i absolutely  the ambiance youll love the energy and drinks arent expensive id recommend this to anyone cool spot and awesome staff two thumbs up .
place its okay cash only the big turn off its the waiting time for the crepes to be ready make sure you order the food and desert all together or you will be waiting there for a long long time .
love this place 1star because of the noise level but they have great food drinks and atmosphere also pickle back shots .
small greasy space with very limited seating we went for brunch i got a breakfast crepe egg ham peppers and it was bland and not satisfying at all my fiance ordered a chicken spinach lunch crepe which was decent but probably wont return .
this one of the best bar in astoria the service is very nice and all the staffs are so friendly whenever i go there i always see its crowded which make happy means they are really doing a great job .
meh inside it is small crowded and noisy with a small number of tables crowded together the small staff was friendly but the crepes were just ok our food was served on  plates with plastic utensils ive had better .
love the laid back vibe here food is good although i dont think their fried pickles are the best thing here and they have a decent beer selection just wish it was bigger so i dont have to fight for a seat .
not a sitdown restaurant basically a take out place with ok food i dont understand the 412 stars at all .
hot cider overrated but amazing fries good beers and good fried pickles laid back ambiance definitely a really chill spot .
went for dinner 2 days ago place was empty on a thursday night at 7pm the service was friendly decor was nothing to write about onto the food sushi was average teriyaki chicken was horrible wont be back .
definitely my favorite bar in astoria and one of my favorite bars in new york in general food and drinks are always fantastic as well as the bar service .
food is good when you eat there just dont get delivery was told it would take 35 minutes food arrived 90 minutes later cold and soggy .
cool spot to grab a beer and burger brunch is pretty awesome too funky drink specials and odd pancakes .
soooo homophobic they would not serve my boyfriend an i we were there over an hour and we just got waters i would never recommend this place especially for people that are gay friendly .
just a dam fun clean and happy place great knowledgeable bartenders awesome food and cheap well as compared to soho i just might be in astoria tonight .
the food is exactly what you expect within the price range the bouncer was remarkably  rude .
i go there once in a while to meet a friend i like the atmosphere and the service is good good beer selection and good prices .
had lunch here the other day dont understand what the fuss is about the wraps dont taste good its clear the ingredient quality is low its not expensive but you get what you pay for in this case .
rustic  ambiance lots of wood and dim lighting delicious specialty cocktails fun hipster staff .
a piece of metal in my chicken i called to tell them about it and got hung up on not a fan .
sweet afton is one of the best bars in astoria prices are reasonable and ambience is nice fried pickle is good .
drinks are  overpriced for this dive always empty place .
good happy hour exceptional burger solid fried pickles and solid fries the chicken sandwich is good too but just get the burger .
stopped in here for some coffee looking to try something new we got flavored lattes and they were not good we ended up taking two sips and throwing them in the trash and walking over to starbucks .
solid food great beer selection and creative cocktails this place never disappoints .
decent food decent beer selection poor service service is often slow and wait staff appears to be indifferent potential to be much better .
good drink prices beer of the month was the best beer on tap i hadnt been to williamsburg in a while so i got my hipster fix without having to take a g train kinda crowded but not too crowded people were friendly .
horribly unfriendly service the bouncer was rude and  as to why we were denied entry we came in from out of town to celebrate new years eve but had no such luck with this place if i could i would give it zero stars in this review .
great bar great food great service dont miss the pickle back shots or the portobello burger here off the hook but avoid friday and saturday too crowded enjoy .
this place blows our drinks had almost no alcohol in them we had about 4 rounds of shots in less than half an hour and walked out feeling nothing this place basically  you out of your money .
a real gem love that the food is locally sourced and the ingredients are of such a high quality the staff is delightful and the beer selection is great love the portobello sandwich .
ok good beer very very slow .
this place is awesome the burgers was good the ambiance is dim and lots of wood which i like would go back again .
do not go here not worth the money 9 50 for a well drink everywhere else on the strip was half the price .
 hipster joint in astoria good brunch burger good bloody maries id def go back .
this is the bar you go to if you are over thirty and trying to  your college days not a pretty sight .
im a mac and cheese lover ive tried it almost every place that offers it in astoria sweet  is still my favorite the burger is delicious so is the chicken sandwich great selection of beers and ciders to go with it .
if i could give this diner no stars i would i have been here multiple occasions and every time i have been disappointed between oily soup burnt mozzarella sticks and just plain grease  tasteless panini sandwiches which werent even pressed .
great for drinks .
the worst diner ever service is pathetic food was dry and not even the potatoes were good how can you ruin potatoes .
i love this place its such a chill laid back bar it definitely has the brooklyn hipster vibe its got a pretty good crowd and the prices are decent .
kinda grossed out by bus boy clearing dirty tables then immediately pouring coffee and setting tables with clean silverware without washing his hands also food was blah at best .
i love this awesome bar the craft cocktails during the weekend happy hours between  rocks havent tried the brunch menu yet so cant say but for dinner and drinks the bacon mac and cheese is simply delicious craft cocktails are quite amazing beers on tap .
not worth the price a diner should know how to properly cook  eggs and when i ask for dry toast i mean no butter too many other breakfast joints on staten island dont come here .
decent priced drinks quality food and good comfy seating i think they were going to the rustic look think big thick wood tables dark color  bench chairs and i liked it enough that im going for seconds within the same week sounds good right im a fan .
dumpy diner with grumpy waitresses the food was blah .
awesome mellow place to relax have a few drinks and a fried pickles .
diner of last resort food is mediocre at best waitresses are from the  and cleanliness is apparently optional .
nice place for a good burger and nice beer came here on friday night had a burger fries and some pickles pickles were little to spicy for my taste but my husband loved them would come back .
sadly not that great just mediocre but for a city that in my opinion has the best italian in the world its sorta blah cool place for a drink though .
both of my experiences here have been on dates and it served me well both times it was a good time even though it was very crowded i guess it has a certain ambiance to it that is conducive to good conversations .
the food and ambiance was ok the price more then it was worth .
best grill cheese every fries are awesome as well would like to go back and try more .
pass appetizers were gross pad thai came with the wrong meat and was pretty subpar atmosphere was nice maybe they make some things well i wont be back to find out maybe youll do better .
good bar with a fun atmosphere the kind of place youd bring your brooklyn friends to and  about how much less youre paying to live in astoria than williamsburg also solid beer selection i havent had the food yet but ive heard good things .
to be avoided food was ok not great ordered the pad see ew and received something with the wrong noodle over charged i recommend sticking with tiny thai or honey thai restaurants .
local bar .
 quality has gone down lately we got the parm and a pizza and both were pretty bland .
this is my fav bar in astoria the iced tea cocktail is really yummy and so is the mac cheese it actually gets really crowded on saturday nights .
the manager at gusto has been extremely rude and condescending to me on several occasions the food is decent but really cant stand being treated badly as a customer luckily cheap italian places are a dime a dozen in philly so i wont need to go back .
the energy in the place is just perfect for me drinks are very reasonable food quality is good ambience is nice this will be my favorite place in astoria .
this place is so close to my house i had to try it out pizza is slightly less than mediocre wouldnt get pizza from here again the wings were ok i wouldnt rave about them but i would considering just getting an order of wings from here again .
hamburgers were amazing the mac and cheese was also delicious i highly recommend the place it is first come first serve on the tables so it might be a little hard to get a seat at peak times .
the good the cheese and sauce were pretty good they had those elements down the bad the crust is tasteless cardboard also having only portabello mushrooms and not normal buttons is a complete violation .
best burger in nyc hands down better than minetta better than jg melon better than pj  really perfectly toasted brioche bun la frieda meat generous layer of irish cheddar fries are forgettable better off with the fried pickles .
the food here just isnt that good its not authentic and some of the dishes teriyaki dont taste the way they should .
stopped in for a quick bite with some friends had the portobello sandwich absolutely fantastic friendly staff dont know where they get those pickles but make sure you get them before you leave easily some of the best pickles ive ever had decent prices nice atmosphere .
ive gone there several times over the past year the first couple times the pizza was pretty good however it seems to have gone downhill in the past several months the pizza dough isnt nice and crisp like it used to be and the toppings are consistently overcooked .
two things you must try at sweet afton fried pickles and afton burger top that with   you cant go wrong .
ridiculously overpriced paid almost 40 00 for a mushroom and spinach pie and it was soggy would not recommend .
i recently met a bunch of friends here its a really cool place with great food and good drinks this is the beer garden alternative for winter .
overrated and expensive for what you get there are better options in  .
this place has such a wonderful atmosphere it is to die for so calm and romantic in a way but you can definitely enjoy yourself with a few friends here as well great beer selection and delicious food highly recommended .
is this closed i went there yesterday and the store was being taken over no new address posted .
a super cool neighborhood bar with half part casual tavern feel half part trendy farmtotable type menu a welcome addition to our  neighborhood drinks are good food is basic but delicious and the crowd is mostly locals looking to cool off after a busy week .
salty as all  and i am pretty sure it was garlic salt why did i pay over 20 for a large salt pie without real garlic on it .
candle lit excellent beer selection great food and on monday nights live jazz trust me this is a great spot for any occasion .
it was first time visiting and i didnt know what or how should i order my burger but the cashier didnt help me at all she was so unkind and rude i will never come back here again .
dont go here unless you want to have sex on the first date or get drunk on the 2nd gordon ramsay  .
i was very unimpressed the meat was very bland and the bun was extremely average the fries were boring as well not worth it imo five guys is better .
fried pickles rock love the beer selection .
wasnt good today we came in and the place  like someone just smoked weed homeless people looking for food and bothering even checking the trash can this place hasnt been busy lately the owner should wonder what their employees are doing and why its not busy v .
fantastic cocktails in astoria great place to meet friends and have a few bartenders are always super attentive i even hosted a surprise birthday party here from my best friend and the staff were super accommodating no frills .
i had a cheeseburger and fries the burger wasnt seasoned and the fries were sooo salty wont be going back definitely have had better burgers elsewhere like  pizza in uni city .
very nice place portabella burger was excellent good beers good mac and cheese gets pretty packed so come early to get seating .
i ordered a turkey burger twice from here and twice it was raw in the inside and the messed up my order of fries every time im there .
best burger ive ever eaten cant think about this place without dreaming of it .
poor cooking had to return 2 falafel burgers because they werent cooked and told by staff well thats the way we cook them which makes it ok for it to be raw not overly helpful staff overall .
love the ambiance and the fried pickles .
not a huge burger fan but i honestly went to try the truffle fries the burger was okay and the truffle fries were  overall not worth a repeat trip .
nice atmosphere garden area is beautiful i love this place in the afternoon during happy hour most stuff on tap is four not a bad deal the food is great a must go late at night or on a lazy hot day .
one word sucks you would think that for 6 bucks they would give you a decent bun dam dinner roll .
great service great food and nice bartenders .
closed on sundays bogus .
one of the few places thats really  in astoria at night great bar with drinks and good food definitely a place to check out it gets really packed so be ready for that .
9 75 for a pint of guinness are you having a fing laugh 9 for the pint and 0 75 tax tax on a 9 pint of guinness please dont go here its  and extortion to all irish men and guinness lovers .
delicious food and drinks great ambience one of my favorite spots in astoria spicy gimlet must have .
the only thing good about this place was that i got a free cider the burger was dry and boring the tartar sauce for the fish and chips had spoiled and tasted sour and rotten and on top of it all the service sucked i will never return .
food  service 45 drinks 45 in astoria make this your neighborhood bar .
keep your stuff close we got our stuff stolen right from the bar as soon as we stepped outside .
i really like this place wish it were a little closer to home good food very respectable whiskey selection great ambience whats not to love .
attempted to grab a drink before our show the place was busy but not packed we waited over ten minutes for a bartender before walking out the decor was very nice and the drinks looked good but if you never get the chance to order whats the point .
overpriced but pretty chill good mixed drinks and nice beer selection dimmed lights give a good atmosphere .
lillies please make your restaurant wheelchair accessible i called to make a reservation and asked if it was wheelchair accessible the host said yes then she said well all the chairs are high barstool style barstool height chairs are not wheelchair accessible what a lost opportunity .
i constantly crave the fried pickles here this is by far one of my favorite places in astoria make sure not to get there too late or there wil be no tables left .
while the place is super adorable and i really loved the decor the service was not great and the food was just ok menu was a bit lacking in variety .
great service awesome vibe a experience .
bad service they didnt come to our table so we left place had bad taste decoration during christmas too much for the style of the place cant tell about the food but we were not the only one waiting and the place was empty .
really cool place with a large selection of beers it is usually packed and the food is pretty good i like going here when i am in astoria .
came here again around christmas time decorations were great service was horrible food came out lukewarm and on chipped plates order was not correct not sure whats going on here love the space please get it together lillies thanks .
my favorite bar in new york city the fried pickles grilled cheese and mac and cheese are decadent but delicious gets a little packed and loud but the atmosphere is awesome .
ever heard this one girl walks into a bar and asks for an  waitress returns 20 minutes later to say we ran out really then in my book youre not allowed to say you have a bar you are just a   restaurant so there .
sweet afton a hidden gem that seems to be hiding around the corner of  street in astoria a great hangout barrestaurant that features its  and candle lit decor that  well with the bar the music and its patrons .
price fixing seems to be in full effect between downtown cheese and salumeria and the staff at salumeria was pretty blase bordering on rude the meats were less than impressive and i just couldnt get excited .
this place gets very crowded so i would advise getting there early filling yourself with rye root beers and leaving before you cant move around or get at the bar .
the service was non existent after taking our order the waiter disappeared and the food took a really really long time the waiter said it wasnt his fault and the manager could not have cared less the food is not good enough to justify the bad attitude .
i came here for brunch last saturday i loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious make sure to try the black pudding .
watch out they will charge you more tips than you write i will never come back again and tell my friends .
had a couple beers down here and will be coming back to check out the food everyone was really friendly and the bar tenders were great this seems like a nice local hang out spot living just up the street .
i had an 8pm reservation at 9pm i left zero control over front of the house hostess didnt seem concerned and based on the queue i suppose i could understand why she wouldnt care nevertheless just be honest with your attitude towards indifference .
i was here on a friday night at the bar with some friends its a nice solid place for drinks decently priced with a nice environment didnt stay too long but i had a good time for the time i was there and i will definitely revisit .
bad service bad attitude and yet he put a 20 tip without our  there wasnt even a  we waited for an hour for our food the worst part was that customers that came in after us got their food way earlier there wasnt even an apology .
dirty pickle martini .
service is good but the food i ordered something like seafood pasta with red sauce the clams and mussels are totally not fresh i didnt touch them after the first bite so disappointed .
yay queens i wish there were more places like sweet afton  and  kills are there .
promising menu included gluten free pastas details for which were confirmed by the hostesses and waiter but was definitely served food with gluten and got really sick afterward not allergy friendly and despite getting the right answers up front dont be fooled .
awesome little bar probably my favorite in astoria great atmosphere tasty food and delicious drinks if you like pickles you have to try the pickle martini the lemonade and punch are also well worth the money .
slow service a  who had to read recipes off a card and took ages to make our drinks and a decidedly uninspired tomato pasta no thanks .
great beer selection  are dangerous and macaroni cheese with bacon  you up .
beef tacos were decent kind of dry and expensive for what it was the chilaquiles were not good at all 1 star for the dish it was not what i expected i read the reviews and was very excited to try this place now im just left disappointed .
yummie burgers good for meeting new people and is also a good low key hang out for a group of friends the music isnt blasting so you can actually have goood conversation sheesh finally .
they have great food but they advertise delivery and they do not deliver they say they only deliver on a limited basis which is never .
been here two or three times the beer food and ambiance are amazing decently sized and overall great spot to catch up with some friends service was decent though it could be  pricey 13 for fruit and cheese plate overall good spot .
after eating here i have  i am only reading reviews in spanish for mexican places the tacos here are okay not spectacular way too expensive for quantity and taste 8 for two tacos at a take out place what am i missing that the other reviewers had .
one of the very few places in queens where single people go in groups of less than 400 good drinks excellent seating decent food .
very rude counter people really a shame with so many restaurants around you dont want to come back because of the attitude it appears they dont know anything about customer service .
great bar probably one of my favorite in astoria good beers nice cocktails yummy food cute bartenders plus ive met some cool people here only problem it gets beyond packed on saturday nights to the point that you cant find a place to  .
the cashier made my sandwich using the same gloves she had worn to touch the money that myself and the customer before me paid with its not that hard to change gloves before making food .
great little bar love the ambiance it is trendy yet relaxed the bartenders are always friendly great place to go with friends or on a date .
they get one star for having bad attitudes they should have got no stars but thats not possible with yelp their drinks are always inconsistent im highly disappointed .
cheap drinks and loads of hipster look  the former wins .
so overrated the food is overpriced and the hoagies are not that great before it was more authentic had a very homey feeling now they are so rude wont be spending my money here again .
i could see sweet afton becoming the new and improved pseudo beer garden in astoria within the next 5 years i hope  hum bug to the bohemian and   to the fellow  sweet afton is like a chunk of brooklyn in astoria .
good cheap banh mi nasty nasty service the older woman behind the counter made a store full of people wait while she  at the staff for 15 minutes it made me so uncomfortable i left my purchases  for on the counter .
dig great design never made it past the front square never needed to service is great speedy both times with good recommendations this is one of my favorite brew spots in astoria .
i just wanted a good tasty banh mi and they gave me a premade bland sandwich ive never been to a place where they dont make them to order in my whole life this was the first banh mi that i didnt finish  bad bad bad .
very solid .
my two experiences have resulted in luke warm entrees togo i maybe caught a bad time periods but really wanted it to be great plantains are okay i may try a different entree if im at stop shop but wouldnt bring my friends there as superior meal .
been here only a couple of times because every time i try to go back its so crowded i cant get in the door sweet afton has good beer good food exposed brick and candlelight what more do you want .
update i read on april  in the montclair  that the  had 12 health code violations the food is good but i will not be eating there ever again .
frickles  burgers awesome fries and delicious brunch sweet afton is my favorite spot in astoria the bartenders are adorable and the drink menu doesnt disappoint either .
ordered for buffalo wings and it was like wings topped with sauce the folks who make this are are spanish guys who are just doing their job did not see that passion and taste in the food at all .
super comfortable good lighting super staff good beer a step above good bar food and right in my neighborhood the one bad thing is well i havent found it in 6 visits .
pizza is below avg they leave it out all day and serve it hours old nothing special at all maybe decent for a fast lunch nothing more .
amazing chill hangout for late hours in astoria great wine list and apple cider in the winter yum .
slow and  service 12 the mussels were not properly cooked thankfully they let us replace the mussels with a dessert however it hardly made up for how mediocre the food was and how terrible the live music was .
the kind of place you want to go every day to just hangout after a long day of work .
i wanted this to be better the ambiance is perfect super quaint and cozy but everything kind of lacked flavor and i never left thinking wow everything was perfect .
the only bad thing about this place is how crowded it gets but you cant hardly hold it against them for being successful they deserve it .
adorable restaurant with great atmosphere but the  mac and cheese ive ever had so unfortunate that the food was terrible because i really did enjoy the space as well as the lovely jazz band that plays there on the weekends .
great food mike has the mac and cheese and i had the portabella burger great ambiance but a bit loud .
the atmosphere here is perfect but the service is terrible i went to  for lunch on a weekend after waiting 30 minutes for them to make me a sandwich they delivered the wrong one it was delicious but the lack of service makes this place worth skipping .
cool place to hang out and grab a drink the food is different and delicious def a nice change from typical greasy bar food laid back but classy all the same loved it .
considering the neighborhood its a nice place for a cocktail other than that the food portions are tiny and overpriced skip the risotto soupy rice without seasoning .
good beer selection mixed drink selections are solid limited menu but they all taste anywhere from decent to great friendly and prompt service beer battered fried pickles with spicy sauce great fries are limp decent definitely a place worth going to on a regular basis .
we found a  in our artichoke living and breathing .
great burgers and nice selection of beers .
the bitch who runs this place wont let you order of you dont spend 8 per person aka you have a large group and one person isnt hungry no ramen for you .
i live in this area and this bar is the coolest place in astoria great for informal business meetings management and staff are friendly and helpful cant recommend this place enough must have a pickle back shot and fried pickles .
i actually like this place and come often however i am not happy with one of my experience here which sort of pissed me off so that i think it would take me a while to come back again .
cucumber collins fantastic great local hangout love the decor .
very mediocre ramen if you must come here get the thin noodles not the thick  ones i also like the spicy versions better than the non and dont order the curry it tastes like it was made from a powder .
burger is unreal .
a blank for vegetarians also lukewarm food if not broth noodles tasted like from a box and where did my egg go damn ya .
hipster  of the caribbean with a fryer and booze .
nothing impressive everything is just edible especially the broth is so not right that seems to have been  by corn  or something like that but the broth is an important  to good ramen .
attentive  eclectic beer selection recommend abita will definitely be back to try the food mixed bag of patrons solid atmosphere full but not crowded .
they know they cater to a university crowd so they barely  just not good food hike up to upper  for a  fix .
i must have been real drunk when i visited here cuz i dont remember a damn thing other than the best thing which is that they had beer battered deep fried pickles  .
walked in and no one bothered to greet us the hostess was not friendly at all the dining area was subpar to say the least the food was ok but could have been better will not be retuning to this place .
great relaxed vibe excellent cocktails much love .
tried the  it was not good the noodles were overcooked not much pork in the sauce and yellow radish sides were small i guess you get what you pay for would not recommend for  .
i like this place gets crowded but theres always room for more great beer selection .
i ordered online using grubhub and my food never came im starving and very upset this is the second time this happened to me too i am never ever ever going to order from  again not even worth 1 star .
love it here bartenders are great popular night spot the pickle back shots are my new favorite thing its a great  place to go for nights when i dont feel like trekking into manhattan .
i love   but their soon  boo was just gross .
this place is a gem food is amazing especially there brunch drinks fantastic atmosphere is just perfect to hang with friends service is very good too .
great for drinks terrible for food .
excellent beer food and service .
food was below expectations lamb was tough and flavorless chicken was mushy fries were good but nothing extraordinary five on my ten scale service was very good .
all i had to do was ask for a napkin .
pistitio was not good at all everything else was really good but my greek mothers cooking would  this stuff just avoid the salty mess that is the pistitio hopefully they fix the recipe .
this place was open late on a weeknight when other places were not the menu was limited but the food was good and they have palm on tap nough said .
too bad the outside bar is cool however the bartender lost my debit card and the follow up was poor manager was rude will not be back ever .
great burgers portabella burgers beers cocktails fries cheeses atmosphere service yup .
waitstaff were friendly ill give them that my food arrived just at luke warm and very under seasoned i sent it back and just opted to have dessert another disappointment the pear ice cream was poorly executed .
a little pricey but the burgers are great the atmosphere is great the service was fast and the beer list was extensive definitely a place to come back to .
i dont know why we go here the drinks are crap and the staff is awful what a waste of a nice patio .
great place to hang out with friends and drink good beer the food is really good as well small menu mostly local ingredients great friendly staff good to have you in the neighborhood oh yeah good music too .
the frat house college campus bar   as a restaurant awful food drinks in plastic cups incompetent staff odd smell to be avoided .
it is not a sports bar it is a very cute place great for a date it can get very busy they make great burgers there is an outdoor garden in the back i like it .
trendy restaurant off of the main street was somewhat disappointed with the food had the  sampler pork chicken and vegetable and found it to be rather mediocre the chicken was bland the pork had too much salt and the vegetables were just vegetables nothing special at all .
love it my new neighborhood hang the bartenders knew us by name after our second visit good drinks and a reasonable price .
food not great not wellprepared seasoning off small portions and overpriced service shabby my friends dinner came twenty minutes after mine place smells like the smoke thanks to the open windows and the folks smoking out front from the bar next door .
love sweet afton great beer selections and interesting food menu get the mac n cheese awesome i love the vibe of this place the rustic wood and candle dimly lit vibe astoria needed sweet afton .
 ordered food at the bar and it never arrived after 1 hour they forgot to put the order in and said they would  it after 30 more minutes it never arrived had to leave but they were nice enough to not charge for the missing food .
more than  5 or 4 star reviews cant be wrong sweet afton is my all time favorite in astoria great coctails decent prices friendly staff famous fried pickles quality customers what would you expect from a local bar .
we were quite disappointed with the quality and style i think they were trying too hard on trendy greek food and it just fell flat the service was ok however its just not worth going here when there are better choices nearby .
queens people in a brooklyn bar .
i just got delivery and the guy gave me someone elses order i tried calling to let them know and no one is answering their phone seriously this has happened twice to us .
love love love love their pickle martinis 4 stars cuz its practically  black in there candlelight couldnt help me see the menu so i asked the waitress to order her faves for me yummy burger fries and lots of pickle martinis .
this place is overpriced and the food is just average for these prices you would expect better quality ingredients or larger portion sizes very quick delivery though .
abita   modelo with everything fried pickles mac n cheese gruyere grilled cheese great staff exposed brick a lil  here and there to bring in a lil nola flavor not bad not bad at all .
ok food good effort but not as good as i thought coffee sucks loaded with ice and a little bit of coffee a few sips and its gone 1 waiter for the whole restaurant slow service .
whoever designed this menu is a genius most delicious mac and cheese ive ever had .
the food is actually pretty good my only beef is the rude staff the reason i havent been back treat your customers better and i might come back .
really cute place with good vibe and friendly bartenders only tip would be to bring back the sausage rolls .
the food is really great but the staff and service sucks after waiting for more then an hour for the food it takes the staff forever to get the drinks and food to you .
great music great beers great menu and dark i like dark bars coupled with the  criteria slightly  but central enough in astoria so if you get fed up with it you can split yay .
 2nd yelp review is below the food was ok rude hipsters .
spicy cherry margarita burger made w pat la frieda beef can you tell im a bit enthusiastic about it the place has a really cool look and atmosphere and the patrons are mostly pretty cool not exactly my type but they blend in well enough .
expensive beer tacky decor food served in cheap plastic baskets food is unremarkable .
try the  with everything it will change your  beer life try the spicy cherry margarita it will blow your face off with spicy goodness try the blueberry pancakes at brunch classic and sooo delish try the bartenders yum .
hoping the food is good when it gets here service is  burgers have arrived family is happy but dont plan to be in and out quickly patties are on the small side so you may want to get two .
love this place just hate being called kids by the bartender owners are great and kind .
its not that hard to make a burger but for some reason these people cant terrible .
my new favorite bar in astoria sweet tea cocktail is perfection fried pickles will change your life .
 burger should change the name to way slow burger seriously how hard is it to read the order ticket when you only have limited items on the menu train your people or hire experienced people .
great brunch menu sexy bartenders yum .
the people working there were so nice so i feel bad but the food was extremely unpalatable everything i ordered .
woohoo finally got to come here after everyone i know has been raving about it it was a very cool scene they have a kickass beer selection awesome pickles i loved the music selection lots of oldies yay the decor was super cozy and fun def a fan .
not sure why yelp has this diner listed twice but so be it decent diner and new owner in 2012 made a big difference stick on the straight and narrow breakfast and simple stuff like burgers and youll be fine .
love this place i heart pickles i heart booze oh i also heart burgers so im all set here .
tried it and never again told my wifes would rather go hungry .
went for the brunch scrambled eggs with bacon and green onions totally delicious this place is really a delight .
this place could be a gold mine but it is terrible service awful never asked about refills breakfast came out cold .
two words fried pickles another two words cask ale the above really makes this place service average  deafening end review .
another pedestrian central nj diner the decor is  bland a measure of a diners food is the breakfast potatoes these were flavorless colorless and cold at least they didnt burn the toast .
great place love the food avoid friday and saturday at all costs this place is very popular .
went for lunch would not let me change the rye to wheat bread on the tuna special seriously not busy at  no  here as to why .
burger and fried pickles awesome service was fast and friendly also very nice atomosphere probably the best on 30th price was okay dinner for two and beers consumed in  my bill was 130 .
 added a 7 00 tip to a less than stellar 14 00 salad togo .
awesome place great crowd great atmosphere love the food fried pickles are sooo yum best fried mac n cheese and grilled cheese ive ever had service is very good just go and have a good time yall .
food wasnt great even by diner standards service was okay coffee was terrible .
this place has such an amazing atmosphere unlike anything else ive come across in the neighborhood recently opened bar with candles everywhere and rough wood floors and  everywhere their food is amazing mac n cheese and the bartenders are personable all around a great place .
yuck there were bugs crawling around in the bag of stale rolls they were using to make sandwiches repulsive .
its a block away from where i live they pour good guiness staff is awesome and they have the best frickles i cant help but love this place mm and the mac and cheese with bacon .
this place was not what i expected it might be authentic from the point of some people but when i ordered a lamb kebab a meal made from smashed meat ball was served my reaction was wtf i think this place is overly  never visit again .
i love pickles i love fried foods i love whoever decided to fry a pickle i also love alcohol and because of that i love sweet afton drinks to try red lemonade miller martini pickle martini sweet tea food to try everything .
this place gets away with whatever it wants because of its great location the food is far below average the service is slow and the prices are ridiculously high avoid it .
hands down best bar in astoria im so sorry i moved from the neighborhood .
ok pizza but service is not good and there are so many better pizza places why here only  is good location .
love this place local food good drink list cozy interior hot waitresses get there early if you want table because i have seen girls almost fight for space in there trendy without being too pretentious its like  north know why because i  it that .
ok pizza a bit greasy for me and too far for my  legs to handle p .
a little slice of williamsburg in queens make sure to get a side of pickles .
worst cashier ever the food was okay but the service i receive was below average the kind of service that i would not pay to visit again .
the place recent astoria residents have been waiting for the servers are nice the drinks are good and the atmosphere is appropriate for both relaxing with  drunk and talking up strangers it can be pretty  to get a table on weekends .
omg one of the waitress service is super suck she  the customer food is good only one waitress is very bad service  front door customer .
this is my local watering hole and it is just awesome great staff and the food hits the spot i cannot resist ordering the fried picked every time im there .
poor service and i found a price tag on my curry puffs very dissatisfied i dont understand whats the hype about .
im in love with  collins cask ale and fried pickles great bar great food great people .
im not a fan of sweet tom yum but if you are then this is the place for you on a more positive note pickup was fast and papaya salad was delicious .
this is just what astoria needed the food is great and the staff is friendly i visited last night and ordered the grilled cheese with caramelized onions yum you have to try the fried pickles they are spicy and the dipping sauce is delicious .
went there twice and both times  it has a feel of fast food joint like a subway sandwich restaurant besides service was very rushed and food not that great i am  why this place has such  reviews .
loved the ambience closest thing ive seen to a  bar and crowd in astoria yet only tried drinks which were aok going to come back for the mac and cheese and bartender who was loving my outoftown friend .
the worst thai restaurant ever if you have ever eaten any real thai food then you will know this place is non sense yes the place is  but the food is trash i will never go back again .
keep it simple and to the point best bar in astoria best beer selection and actually good food .
i think this place is too highly rated the food is salty and the pad thai taste like it soak in  .
absolutely wonderful food and drink i 100 recommend their burgers with a side of fried pickles .
too bad for a former favorite going downhill lackluster watery  not too fresh squid salad disinterested rushed service .
love all the organic paleo glutenfree options the only thing im not a fan of is the loud music .
holy  this place has gotten even worse their food is inconsistent one day its too sweet the next too salty same dish ordered different day when asked why its different waitress just shrugged her head  .
save for the occasional poorly executed dish everything here is delicious especially the elk meatloaf i recommend staying away from the soy latte  and raw chocolate nut brownie plain down bad .
worst thai food i ever ate i dont even know why people give this place a good rating the food here is disgusting fried rice is tasteless i cant  i spend money on this crappy place .
my go to for takeout and lunch only con is the minimum delivery charge is 3040 a bit pricey for one persons lunch .
definitely not the best thai in nyc try bangkok tasty in astoria but even if it were the best thai the service is nothing short of atrocious if rude arrogant rushed and impatient service is your  go to this place .
love the mash bar great idea their cashew cream is delicious and creamy i tried the fresh herb raw crackers they had from healing home foods wonderful cheesy taste small coffee tiny coffee almond milk coconut milk grassfed milk options allinall a great  friendly place .
food is ok but service sucked .
everything here is paleo having said that the food is a nice healthy quick option that doesnt taste generic i had the chicken quinoa soup which was very hearty tasted like homemade soup vegetable sides were good as well .
i dont get the hype the service is horrible and the food lacks flavor if you want authentic thai food this is not the place for you i tried this place 3 times before writing this review to ensure that my take on this place was correct .
love this place everything is amazing .
wanted to go here ever since i saw this place on  mike  show where they said it was awesome totally disappointing and def a one timer bottom line service sucked and food was mediocre at best find someplace else .
hu hu hu hu where have you been all my new york life where to start with what i like about this place everything the food is all clean  whole perfectly spiced prepared with thought and care and totally delicious .
horrible service disgusting food wasting money .
real paleo food with amazing selection at a great price no  oil used grain free bread and grass fed beef it doesnt get better than this .
ok thai recomended by  o from yelp dont like waiting to eat thai food .
great deal for good organic food had the bowl with stewed root vegetables and organic chicken very filling and tasty for dessert had the  lime pie which was delicious nice environment too recommend for a lunch that makes you feel healthy .
the food is fine but the service is so terrible that you may never get it there are many better options if you dont believe the hype .
you get what you pray for good quality amazing taste but a high price personally its worth every red cent .
closed wednesdays wtf .
the breakfast burrito with chicken is the way to go one of the more reasonable options 9 hu kitchen has wifi and surprisingly is not a bad place to get work done you will feel clean eating here .
the service was the worst ever the server got rude attitude even before i started my dishes i lost my appetite the  were not that delicious this place is overrated period .
i dont enjoy the food dont like the taste but i have to admit that the food is very well prepared i have to agree the food is very good though i dont like it .
too much hype again i had the pad see  and i was not impressed the portion was small for the price never again especially when i can go to better places i rather go to  thai in jackson heights .
healthy and delicious perfect for paleo or non  who care about what they put in their  now if they could just open one in brooklyn .
this place is totally overrated we came back to my old neighborhood to try this place it was a totally disappointment the food was bland there are better thai places through out the boroughs .
hu kitchen you are eating away my wallet i come here almost every day nothing but great things to say but i really do wish it were a dollar or two cheaper .
quailty has definitely fallen at this establishment as they grew they seem to have paid less attention to their food maybe they should down size and remember what got them the reputation in the first place .
this place is truly wonderful ive eaten in and had delivery the staff are super friendly and food is delicious love it .
the food was so spicy i could not stop  water after every bite  of me asking for mildly spiced .
ive only gotten delivery from hu kitchen and now that our office moved i can no longer order it through seamless im at a loss their roasted chicken and grilled pineapple was my lunch goto best roasted chicken in the city great quality food thats consistent .
not worth my breath salty and mediocre at best .
paleo heaven always go there when i am in the area .
how very disappointing  reviews and 4 5 stars the food here was  average i cannot believe this is the best thai in new york perhaps we went on an offnight .
like wholefoods but not a zoo or a grocery store so i guess its like the buffet section at wholefoods awesome selection of healthy food drink and smoothies .
its cheap i guess i dont really like thai food or maybe i just dont understand it but its still really cheap .
healthy delicious and fabulous a new favorite of mine especially after a  class when i am starving  .
i dont get the raves about this place i got sick to my stomach after eating here maybe it was just an off night but im not going to try it again .
sure its a little on the pricey side but its healthy fast food that cant be beat .
the delivery has taken 90 minutes still not  could care less i asked her to contact driver she said he was not  was indifferent terrible attitude she lost our family as a customer  .
i had a wonderful time here the food was filling healthy and quick i cannot ask for a better afternoon meal than at hu i will be a regular here after trying the rotisserie chicken roasted sweet potatoes and roasted pineapple with cinnamon what an amazing  indulgence .
low food quality had a pho vietnamese noodle for lunch and half hour later my stomach is hurting badly .
this may be my new favorite place to eat in the city they have paleo options and everything is delicious the staff is super nice too .
kind of pricey was expecting better sushi they do cover cantonese chinese and japanese food .
was a little skeptical about coming in here but it was pretty good i had the meatloaf and the sweet potatoes they were all delicious it also tasted fresh and its good to know that the food is gmo we need more fresh food restaurants like this .
very bad food .
this place is cool i feel so healthy after i go because the food is so pure its a way to eat well on the go but ive also had comfortable long meals there too .
terrible food with terrible service will never come again .
my new favorite health food spot you have so many options the prices are fair and they focus on whole  ingredients if you are lactose intolerant and on a paleo diet this is the place to be .
too much msg in their curry laksa lips  up afterwards and  for water the place is cheap and humble but come on dont mask the food by putting msg its not classy .
sensational food the employees are somewhat brain dead though .
slow and bad service food doesnt even taste any good wont come back again .
what a treat to find such great glutenfree organic food it was hard to decide what to have because there were so many wonderful options food was delicious .
the owner of this place is not as friendly as the previous owner who would go eat at a place where grade c were given if you dont know what grade c meant maybe you should go find out and think twice before dining there .
wow the food here is great i got the moroccan chicken over root vegetable purée and im sold this place is perfect for a quick lunch i def dont recommend it for dinner since the portion are very small def worth checking out .
went here on the  of the reviews but the food is below average we ordered all the dishes raved about on this page the curry was bland  mutton was all bones in a listless brown sauce not sure what all the fuss is about .
1 star off because it is a bit pricey for lunch but the  chicken parm tastes great veggies are good too more like steamed kale salad .
the roti canai was good but the beef  was below average the nasi sam al  was lousy .
so delicious got the rotisserie chicken and roasted sweet potatoes also got chocolate bar with figs yes it can be a bit pricey but its healthy .
i dont know about other food but the mee  was far from what i expected its not the noodle soup like the one in  or singapore and it doesnt taste good at all kinda disappointing the  char was okay nothing special about it .
cant get enough if you like healthy delicious this is the place for you .
taste bad is dirty and overrated it is cheap so i guess you get what you pay for including maybe food poisoning they had 27 violation points on their  nyc health inspection which i suppose was an improvement on the 36 violations they received on   .
the best of the best please come to las vegas .
only a few dishes have an authentic malaysian touch to them the nasi  was a let down the roti canai was nothing but the readymade malaysian paratha by  .
this place is amazing i eat here almost everyday and am always happy with the food the staff is also very nice and competent i would highly recommend eating here .
taste good was shut down today by the city health department and their stupid restrictions now i may never get to try it .
breakfast foods are phenomenal for paleo people or otherwise quite expensive but at least your getting quality .
 finished lunch for business meeting nice space had bass for lunch had better for a seafood as a specialty for this restaurant cheff has to try harder definitely not impressed with food service attentive 2 stars for ambiance and service .
omg one of my fav restaurants chicken sweet potato and veggies is best diet ever tastes amazing .
i believe that this is one of those hype restaurants yes its beautiful the food nothing special small portions overpriced the service stellar but the product below average .
great food made with healthy natural ingredients at a reasonable price yes please wish they had more locations .
nice garden friendly servers but salty foods and pretty expensive .
crew is very friendly and they always meet you with smiling faces they are trying to learn regular customers name and by that they make feel them at home .
kind of pricey wasnt impressed with the maccheese heard the prices are more reasonable for happy hour vibe was great service as good as well definitely wasnt two everyones bill was over 40 for one entree and a drink .
just ordered delivery from here and it was surprisingly fast delicious   friendly food and at reasonable price the sweet potatoes roasted chicken and the grain  free bread is amazing .
as a bar rather than a dinner place good drinks not great service more than 8 free tables well after dinner time and you cant sit to enjoy your drink better options nearby .
great healthy food in a casual setting at decent prices .
come here for the mac n cheese its for grown ups kids get your own the cellar bar is ok nothing special dark room with a winter feel .
99 gluten free menu breakfast yum lunch yum dinner havent tried it yet but chances are .
though the staff is friendly the food is made with either  or just plain hate the eggs are cold and old the bread and pancakes dense and stale gross .
really cool place came here to study lots of seating had a really refreshing kale and apple smoothie pricy but it felt clean not too sweet just right .
absolutely disgusting if you do not have any taste buds or if you are over the age of 70 this place is great for you .
im a huge fan of their high quality organic grain free dairy free approach very refreshing chose to sample a number of both hot and cold items and was very impressed with everything coffee was good too great find .
i cant disagree that the food is good and the service is friendly but the place is depressing the decor is from 80s and the patrons are about in their 80s it is not fun to watch  couples eat their meals in  .
their food is fresh healthy and delcious however their chocolate made with coconut sugar is the best thing youll eat all year the best part is that there is no sugar high or feeling of  since all the ingredients are top notch .
came here for brunch and will not be back the drinks were fantastic bloody mary bar mimosas etc but the food was mediocre flavorless and unimaginative and the kitchen and service was incredibly slow 3 5 hours for brunch id rather not .
this place is excellent had awesome service the bartender was very pleasant and had great recommendations great for those who are into paleo .
the english muffin burger was good but as i was waiting for my check a mouse  across the floor when i said something to the waiter he was indifferent and only said ok .
paradise for picky healthy eaters great variety of food but pricey however you should check this place from time to time and get inspired you could def make many of the meals in your kitchen at lower cost .
not really a fan food was ok beer was ok the crowd in there is usually a little weird .
quinoa veggie mash thai chicken amazing healthy warm filling lunch im sure there are other great combinations over there and i wont stop until ive tried them all .
brunch after the art museum was such a disappointment slow service limited menu and food was cold .
i had dinner here for the first time last night and the bowl that i had was amazing try the thai chicken with coconut and asian slaw i will now make this my go to spot from now on .
one of my friends used to live in fairmount and this was a good lastminute dinner spot nothing spectacular about the food the drinks are not that strong for the price they charge there are definitely better restaurants in this  area .
so smart so simple so healthy and fresh great prices nice staff its as simple as that .
food was not so great steak was served sliced on the plate which was fine but a few of the slices were all gristle and fat i would not go back .
their  parfait was the best parfait i have ever had in my life hands down they are expensive but worth it .
small servings coupled with  poor service across multiple servers has made this a once and never again place .
love wish there were more options like this out there so cool to have the paleo spin also there is yummy treats and take homes to bring into the kitchen at home .
the burger used to be good but not anymore the place is over priced the food takes a real long time to come dont go here go to kite and key .
this place is healthy delicious and legit when it comes to nutrition people stay away from 10 dollar green smoothies and just eat real food hu kitchen has the real food you need .
terrible london grill exactly what does this place do that is british unless british equals lousy service dirty and a menu which looks like it was created by someone with no sense of taste .
the bowls are delicious as is just about everything else .
brunch was expensive and not very good maybe the dinner menu is better .
incredible my boss introduced me to this place and i  her for it it is ridiculously expensive but the quality and taste almost merit it top picks caramelized pineapple root vegetable mash and any juice .
gristly tough meat on the cheesesteak tonight thoroughly mediocre eggplant sandwich .
great breakfast here this morning i had a cup with granola fresh fruit and taro pudding delicious and filling cool space with lots of other healthy food choices .
i was happy with this place until i ordered delivery not something i recommend not enough meat on the cheesesteaks and the fries are obviously out of the freezer we need something better .
a friend told me about this place and i decided to order lunch the delivery was very fast and the food was great i usually order from a similar place called dig inn and this place was even better cant wait for lunch tomorrow .
lobster bisque soup it wasnt great but edible citrus salmon was ok i didnt ask but i  it was  the service was very good .
i use the word love carefully i love this place the cauliflower is top rate does not get better actually this place is pretty healthy rare in nyc do you get delcious and healthy together the ambience is also first rate highly recommended .
rude servers absolutely disgusting environment over priced subpar food and very strange going  some people doing  in the bathroom no no no .
really healthy yummy food love the concept but im not entirely sure its worth the cost half of a very small grilled chicken with some roasted squash and vegetables a vegetable juice was 40 .
you can definitely find better diners in nj the food at  is way over priced and mediocre at best the only redeeming quality is that the wait staff is kind and attentive .
lots of seating a bit pricey but i dont mind paying a few extra bucks to support food spots like these that serve organic food and have sustainable business practices .
worst meal ever  go ther a  ask for steak med got it well don like rock hard the dog wont eat the meat .
fantastic great fresh healthy food and drink selection incredibly tasty very pleasant and helpful staff will definitely go back .
i will be honest idk why more than 1 000 people review this place you have to wait min 30mins to get seated and such a small place always crowded average thai food nothing special really .
a super find for health foodies no processed or hidden ingredients the food is so fresh tasty i felt like i did something great for myself eating here will be back to try new things .
ordered in from here last night there was a huge cockroach like bug in the tofu veggie dish 1  2 i had ordered it for my vegetarian friend i dont think roaches are vegetarian 3 disgusting .
 the turkey meatloaf with butternut squash and green veggies sauce had some nice heat to it chefs were great paleo nyc .
the food was ok but topaz on  street has way better tasting food plus larger portions think ill just stick w topaz the only reason i even ordered from here is cus topaz opens at 12 on sundays and i was way too hungry to wait .
great food had the sweet potato mash bowl with grilled chicken and the   and everything was cooked perfectly and most importantly tasted just as good .
i had crispy tofu and tofu pad thai i was very disappointed because the tofu was not good at all tasted like nothing and this is not usual in new york it wasnt worth the long wait at all and the music was horrible .
great little spot for a smoothie juice or a quick healthy bite to eat hubby and i make a point to stop by for breakfast whenever we are in nyc a little pricey true but you get what you pay for ps love the decor .
terrible long wait no flavor overcooked everything worst thai in the city we wont be back .
i love this place its a no brainer way to eat healthy .
decent but my pad thai was kinda  strange flavors i wont be coming back especially with   so close and so much better .
i love the fact that theres something for everyone and that the ingredients are quality .
food was ok but the female waitress was very very rude i will never ever go back the manager should train the waitresses to improve the service no customer oriented but so mean and rude a huge disappointment and totally wasted my precious time .
the  selection is amazingly amazing the other food looks delectable as well .
ridiculous delivery time took an hour and a half when they said it would be 30 minutes who has that kind of time to wait for delivery its a joke .
i loved the  bread chicken tenders and spinach with fried onions and garlic my daughter had the sweet potatoes and loved them too .
disappointing pad   lack of flavor not enough noodles and sandy i tasted sand in the napa cabbage in the dish got it delivered very disappointed .
love everything about this place and the food is amazing loved the lentil burger and the vegetable bun the cauliflower mash was fantastic and the coconut pudding to die for .
fair food dont expect any consistency with the menu drinks and dessert really nothing special that you have to go out of your way to eat at .
this place is great .
this place cute but they totally rush you out the food was so so wouldnt go back .
very good food ive had their vegetarian dishes and a couple of their meat dishes all have been very good to excellent with good portions the baklava i had was quite good but not the best i like going here as the food is very good and inexpensive .
just order pork pad see ew nasty super sweet and salty had to throw the whole thing away .
got the lazy breakfast and chocolate chai the price is a bit high for the portion size our waitress  was nice and thats always a plus in my book .
just found a piece of rope in my food never coming here again .
the waffles deliciously good perfect with fresh strawberries and banana on the side .
what on earth are these reviews i for one am writing one from the bathroom which i have not left for 30 mins stay away .
fun atmosphere and hmmm that smell of chocolate is so inviting friendly and knowledgeable staff will definitely go back and recommend .
it looked very good but i called in to ask for tom yum soup which is standard in any thai restaurant and she rudely told me no if they get the annoying question all the time then make the soup you lost my business with your snooty answer .
if you love chocolate this is for you had a chocolate martini and chocolate fondue and five other variations of chocolate who knew of a chocolate bar saturday night it was packed the service was friendly will be back in the future for more indulgence .
we ordered spring rolls a pad thai and a pad see ew the spring rolls were good but the other dishes were disappointing the food was bland and didnt have much flavor we ended up wasting most of our food .
awesome food except the waiterswaitresses are on their phone and barely smiled at my friends and me .
had the shrimp pad thai it was pretty tasteless and had dried shrimp in it gross .
chocolate lover or not well its doesnt matter they not only have awesome desserts but their food is delicious too i love their quinoa and  waffle salad they are simply heavenly love their presentation style just feel their desserts little expensive they are super tasty though .
probably the worst pad thai ive ever had .
the desserts are really good here a little expensive but well worth it if you want to get your chocolate fix .
food and service were ok at best had to come here because line at pepes was too long its been 20 years since i was here not sure i want to come back for another 20 years .
i went for restaurant week the wings for the appetizer was pretty good the burger was good pretty average but the banana hazelnut crepe was amazing the service was great i had  as my server i would come back again especially for dessert .
terrible pizza rude service .
white chocolate chai tea latte on your mark get set go get phat now sooo worth it .
huge quantities of food a little greasy for my taste the broiled salmon was good .
this was a great place to go in the city the food was awesome for restaurant week i enjoyed my food and the service was good .
salty food and terrible service an hour went by trying to flag down a waiter to place our order there are so many other better places for portuguese food in this town skip this one .
its very important to only eat half your dinner to save room for dessert here everything is delicious even the smell of the air is delicious youll leave happy and in a food coma just how  wonka would like it .
not a food to eat too much oil and fat avoid their   sauce you may drop dead eating it when u there take a look at their  it is filthy do yourself favor avoid it your body will thank you .
food was terrific the mexican hot spiced hot chocolate is to die for and i would recommend the banana and peanut butter  .
i found the food to be bland the service was poor smarmy even its a shame because it looks like such a nice place from the outside fooled me into trying it out .
excellent fondue good selection in the menu waffle cut fries were the  package dont miss that .
great idea with all the locally grown stuff but  to expensive the kids working there were at best indifferent to our patronage portions small and no free refills on coffee i probably wont be going back .
not only the chocolate drinks their burgers are awesome a must try place for chocolate lovers .
i am so surprise i see so many good review for this place shocking or is it just vermont lol .
got the spicy chicken flatbread it was yummy but wouldve preferred it without the goat cheese onion rings hot chocolate with  and the banana  fondue even though i am not a big fan of chocolate i loved the hot chocolate and the fondue yum yum yum .
i had the chicken and broccoli with pork fried rice and an egg roll did not find it to have much flavor thought it was mediocre take out dont think ill go back .
great place for chocolate obviously but they also have great food such as the brenner burgers and the waffle cheesesteak try the chocolate pizza also great .
food is not so good but service is above average thats really all there is to say about this place .
my fifth time here and im still in love with this place i highly recommend the chocolate hazelnut milkshake and the chocolate pizza max brenner is my go to place when i have chocolate cravings .
not good stay away veggies are from a frozen bag red sauce tastes like tomato sauce bland  is the best part in the beginning of the meal so wished this place was authentic not .
delicious desserts and hot chocolate in philly although its a chain be sure to make a reservation as this place is hot for the weekends try the smores dessert yum .
